Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3393 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 20, 2015 No. 78 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
May 20, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable E ARL L. 
CARTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
WOMEN ON 20s CAMPAIGN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, the 
voting was going on for months spear-headed by the Women on 20s campaign. A nominee was announced last week. Women on 20s is a campaign that has been agitating to have a woman’s por-trait, the portrait of a great American woman, placed on the $20 bill by at least 2020, the 100th anniversary of the U.S. recognizing a woman’s right to vote. 
The Women on 20s campaign nar-
rowed down their nominees for this honor to four women: Wilma 
Mankiller, a trailblazer and first woman chief of the Cherokees; Rosa Parks, credited with starting the Montgomery bus boycott by not relin-quishing her seat and sparking the modern civil rights movement in 1955; Harriet Tubman, an abolitionist born a slave who became one of the most noted conductors on the Underground Railroad; and Eleanor Roosevelt, who redefined the role of First Lady while being a noted civil rights and human rights activist in her own right. 
More than 600,000 votes were cast in 
an online poll, and the winner an-nounced with great fanfare last week is Harriet Tubman. I am overjoyed that this great American leader was se-lected. 
As the author of Put a Woman On the 
Twenty Act of 2015, H.R. 1910, I think matching a specific person with a spe-cific biography will sharpen the focus of this remarkable grassroots effort to put a woman’s face on our currency. My legislation does not limit the idea of putting a woman on our money to Harriet Tubman or any particular nominee. It instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to convene the citizen panel that will make recommendations and get it done. 
From my perspective, as we see 
women breaking barriers at every level of our society and as we see people of color breaking barriers at every level of our society, our money ought to more accurately reflect who we are as a nation in the 21st century. 
I am not saying that Andrew Jackson 
or any of the men we honor on our money are not worthy. Many of our Founding Fathers made important con-tributions to this country which we continue to enjoy today in the United States and throughout the world by the spread of democracy. 
It is also true that part of our history 
includes the practices and decisions we certainly are not proud of as a nation. Let’s be straight: President Jackson 
was, for many, a war hero, a great de-fender of the young American Republic and, really, the first President and founder of the Democratic Party. He oversaw our Nation as it expanded west. It is the expansion of this Nation, the manifest destiny that pushed set-tlers west, that pushed the institution of slavery west, and that pushed the extermination and forced migration of Native peoples west. 
That is precisely the nexus of Andrew 
Jackson and Harriet Tubman and illus-trates why putting a new face on our money makes so much sense. The forced removal of Native peoples from their lands so that we could expand the practice of slavery is at the heart of Andrew Jackson’s legacy. The landgrab and the Trail of Tears of the Cherokee people is key to contextualizing Presi-dent Jackson. 
It was when Harriet Tubman was 
about 6 years old that Jackson became President. She was born a slave in Maryland and eventually walked to freedom in Pennsylvania. She went back again and again, at least 19 times, telling more than 300 former slaves how to follow the Big Dipper constella-tion that pointed to the North Star and the way to freedom to the north. 
She was an agitator. She was a sub-
versive. She used the tools of social change to improve America. She fought for the little guy against the strong guy. She was willing to put herself at great risk to ensure justice for others. She was a woman, and she was Black. In other words, she is an ideal Amer-ican. 
The other women honored as nomi-
nees by the Women on 20s campaign were also great Americans. They were also subversive troublemakers, agi-tators, and, therefore, exactly the kind of people I think we need on our cur-rency. But Harriet Tubman, because she is a woman, because she is a woman of color, because she fought for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.000 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3394 May 20, 2015 
freedom and for a better America in 
the face of this Nation’s greatest and, for many like me, still unresolved sin of slavery and racism, because she turned the tide of history for the bet-ter, she is very, very worthy of this great honor. 
In a few years, maybe in a few 
months, we will all wonder why it took so long to put an American woman on our $20 bill. Well, it shouldn’t take so long. Members of this body, Mr. Speak-er, have the ability to do something about it and speed this process along. 
Cosponsor the Put a Woman on the 
Twenty Act of 2015. It is H.R. 1910. Join me in calling on the Secretary of the Treasury to do this, whether it is Har-riet Tubman or anyone else that a fair and open process arrives at. Let us stand as a Congress to put a great American woman on our money. 
f 
HOUSTON POLICE OFFICER— 
RICHARD MARTIN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in 
the early morning hours of Monday, 
while most of the city was asleep, the diligent Houston Police Department re-sponded to a robbery call at an Exxon service station. 
The lawmen approach the scene, and 
they see a suspect speed off in what turned out to be a stolen U-Haul truck. The police follow the truck, and the high-speed chase is on. 
The outlaw abandons the truck, 
carjacks a woman, pushes her out of the minivan, and continues his flight. The outlaw fires shots at the police and keeps fleeing in the darkness of the morning hours. 
Houston Police Officer Richard Mar-
tin, aware of the chase and ahead of it, jumps out of his patrol car and starts placing spike strips on the road to stop the approaching vehicle. The criminal sees Officer Martin and intentionally runs over him and kills him. Then the criminal continues on a 20-mile run from the law in the city of Houston. 
He is later cornered by the police in 
a standoff, and then he shoots himself and is taken to the hospital. As he lin-gered in the hospital, the district at-torney, Devon Anderson, prepared cap-ital murder charges against him, but the killer died, thus avoiding the hang-man. 
The outlaw had a long criminal his-
tory. 
Officer Richard Martin was a Hous-
ton police officer. He was 47 years of age. He had only been a peace officer for 4 years, and he worked at the Westside patrol division. 
Prior to being a police officer, he had 
been in private industry for 20 years. Officer Martin was also a veteran. He spent 4 years on Active Duty in the United States Air Force, then spent 8 years as a reservist in the United States Air Force. 
Being a police officer was his ulti-
mate goal, so in his early forties, he be-came a Houston police officer. In just 4 
short years, Officer Martin became a field officer. His captain said that he crammed 20 years of policing in the 4 years that he served as a Houston po-lice officer. This speaks volume about his character as a lawman. 
He was the father of two, a 22-year- 
old daughter and an 11-year-old son; and he loved being actively involved in his children’s lives, including his son’s baseball team. 
Mr. Speaker, just last week, our Na-
tion celebrated National Police Week, honoring the daily sacrifices of peace officers like Officer Martin. 
Just across the way here, on the west 
side of the Capitol, last Friday, the families of those who had lost peace of-ficers were here, surrounded by thou-sands and thousands of other police of-ficers and the public to show their re-spect for those who are killed in the line of duty; and how quickly we are reminded, again, of their sacrifices. 
Officer Martin’s life was callously 
and coldly robbed and stolen from us and his family, and the Houston com-munity is now in mourning. 
Our first responders are a special 
breed, those like Officer Richard Mar-tin. They work selflessly to maintain and restore order in communities and neighborhoods across America. While we sleep, those that wear the badge are vigilantly and always on patrol, pro-tecting us from the evil ones. 
For these remarkable men and 
women, their safety is never guaran-teed. While the badge and the uniform represents safety for citizens, it is a target for the unlawful. 
We do take comfort in the fact that 
as long as criminals walk and wander our streets looking to do mischief, re-fusing to follow the law, peace officers will always be there on patrol, officers like Richard Martin. 
Officer Martin was one of those offi-
cers. He was one of Houston’s finest. Friday, the city of Houston will lay to rest Officer Richard Martin. Peace offi-cers will wear the black cloth ribbon of sacrifice across their badges as they stand in silent mourning for one of their brothers in blue. 
The bagpipes will play ‘‘Amazing 
Grace,’’ and the flags will be lowered, as yet one more of our best is laid to rest for sacrificing his life for the rest of us. Peace officers wear the badge over their heart as a symbol of their willingness to put themselves between us and the lawless. 
Officer Martin was a noble citizen 
who represented everything that is good and right about our society. With heavy hearts, we send prayers and thoughts to his family and those of the thin blue line in the Houston Police Department. 
We thank Officer Martin for giving 
his life for our town. 
And that is just the way it is. THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on April 
24, the 100th anniversary of the Arme-nian genocide, runners and cyclists set out from Los Angeles on the Race for Recognition. I had the great pleasure of riding the first 28 miles of their jour-ney with them. On May 7, they com-pleted their 3,000-mile ride across the United States. 
They undertook their ride to raise 
awareness of the Armenian genocide and genocides all around the world and to commemorate and remember the victims. It is my honor to read a por-tion of the petition that they carried with them across the Nation and to enter the entirety into the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . 
It provides: 
On this 100th anniversary of the Armenian 
genocide, LA2DC organizing committee members wish to recognize and honor the contributions of the following people and or-ganization: 
The American people, for setting the 
standard in the world for philanthropy, so-cial activism, human rights and prevention of crimes against humanity—in their first nationwide relief campaign from 1915 to 1930, Americans donated the equivalent of $2.7 bil-lion to help save over 1 million Christian Ar-menians, Greeks, Assyrians, and other mi-norities during the first mass atrocity of the 20th century, when these minorities were targeted for extermination and deportation by the Ottoman Empire; 
Ambassador Henry Morgenthau, who, as 
the United States Ambassador to the Otto-man Empire, alerted the United States Gov-ernment and the rest of the world to the ‘‘de-struction of the Armenian race’’; 
The Near East Foundation, for providing 
relief to 1 million refugees and 132,000 orphan survivors of the atrocities perpetrated by the Ottoman Empire; 
The American Red Cross, for providing re-
lief to survivors of genocides and mass atroc-ities for the past 100 years, starting with its first international assistance program in 1915 that provided relief to survivors of the Arme-nian genocide; 
The Museum of Tolerance, for educating 
and enlightening more than 250,000 visitors per year since 1993 and challenging them to understand the Holocaust and genocides in both historic and contemporary contexts; 
Raphael Lemkin, for inventing the term 
‘‘genocide’’ to describe atrocities that target groups for annihilation, and for working tirelessly to gain approval of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide by the United Nations in 1948; 
USC’s Shoah Foundation and its founder, 
Mr. Steven Spielberg, for collecting nearly 52,000 eyewitness testimonies of the Holo-caust, the Armenian genocide, and other genocide survivors; 
Facing History and Ourselves, for edu-
cating over 10,000 teachers and, through them, hundreds of thousands of students on the history of prejudice and racism and the role they play in the events that lead to genocide; 
The International Committee of the Red 
Cross and the United Nations’s Children’s Fund, for starting a vast relief operation in 1979 for the people of Cambodia, threatened by famine and disease in the aftermath of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.002 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3395 May 20, 2015 
the Cambodian genocide, which claimed mil-
lions of lives; 
United States Army Europe and United 
States Air Force Europe, for delivering hu-manitarian aid in 1995 and 1996 to the sur-vivors of the Bosnian genocide, during which an estimate 100,000 Bosniaks were systemati-cally targeted and killed; 
Senator William Proxmire, for delivering a 
speech every day the U.S. Senate was in ses-sion in support of the ratification of Conven-tion for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. After 20 years and 3,211 speeches, the United States Senate rati-fied the convention on February 11, 1986; 
President Ronald Reagan, for signing the 
Genocide Convention Implementation Act of 1987 into law; 
The International Rescue Committee, for 
providing relief to Rwandan genocide sur-vivors, when an estimated 800,000 mostly Tutsi minorities were massacred; 
Not On Our Watch and George Clooney, for 
using his public profile to raise awareness of the genocide in Darfur, where 300,000 civil-ians were targeted and murdered and 2 mil-lion displaced; 
U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power, for her 
groundbreaking book published in 2003, ‘‘A Problem from Hell,’’ which recounts the his-tory of genocide and offers a framework for policymakers that can help detect and pre-vent genocides; 
The Armenian National Committee of 
America, for advocating for the recognition of the Armenian genocide and raising aware-ness of genocides as crimes against human-ity. 
b1015 
Mr. Speaker, these riders carried this 
important message of truth and grati-tude with them across our great Na-tion. It is an honor to do my small part to make sure they are heard. 
Mr. Speaker, on April 24th, the 100th anni-
versary of the Armenian Genocide, runners and cyclists set out from Los Angeles on a ‘‘Race for Recognition.’’ I had the great pleas-ure of riding the first 28 miles of their journey with them. And on May 7th, they completed their 3,000 mile ride across the United States. They undertook their ride to raise awareness of the Armenian Genocide, and Genocides around the world, and to commemorate and remember the victims. It is my honor to read a portion of the petition that they carried with them across the nation, and to enter the en-tirety into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
On this 100th anniversary of the Armenian 
Genocide, LA2DC organizing committee mem-bers wish to recognize and honor the contribu-tions of the following people and organiza-tions: 
In the past 100 years, over 100 millions 
lives have been lost in genocides and mass atrocities; 
During the same period, heroic American 
citizens, politicians, diplomats, faith based or-ganizations, and non-government organiza-tions have made it a part of their mission to raise awareness of genocides, help prevent genocides, and provide relief to survivors of genocides; 
Some of these citizens, relief organizations, 
diplomats, and politicians put their lives and treasure at risk by working in conflict zones to alert the world of impending genocides and genocides in progress, rescue genocide sur-vivors, and provide relief. 
On this 100th anniversary of the Armenian 
Genocide, and through this petition, LA2DC organizing committee members wish to recog-
nize and honor the contributions of the fol-lowing people and organizations for their work in raising awareness of genocides, providing relief to genocide survivors, and working to prevent genocides; 
The American People—for setting the stand-
ard in the world for philanthropy, social activ-ism, human rights, justice, and prevention of crimes against humanity. In their first act of large scale, nationwide, organization and exe-cution of a relief campaign, from 1915 to 1930, Americans donated more than $117 mil-lion—the equivalent of $2.7 billion in 2015 dol-lars—to relief organizations that saved over 1 million Christian Armenians, Greeks, Assyr-ians, and other minorities during the first mass atrocity of the 20th century, when these mi-norities were targeted for extermination and deportation by the Ottoman Empire. Over the past 100 years, Americans continue to be in the front lines of helping to prevent genocides, and providing relief and hope to survivors of atrocities. 
Ambassador Henry Morgenthau—who as 
United States Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, alerted the United States government of ‘‘Destruction of the Armenian Rac e . . .’’ 
and called on Americans to get organized to help the survivors. 
The Near East Foundation (formerly known 
as Near East Relief or NER)—for providing re-lief to 1 million refugees and 132,000 orphan survivors of the atrocities perpetrated by the Ottoman Empire from 1915–1923. During this period, NER raised the equivalent of $2.7 bil-lion in 2015 dollars, and mobilized over 1,000 volunteers to help build 400 orphanages, food and clothing distribution centers, clinics and hospitals, and vocational training schools for the survivors. 
The American Red Cross—for providing re-
lief to survivors of genocides and mass atroc-ities for the past 100 years, starting with its first international assistance program in 1915 that provided relief to the survivors of the Ar-menian Genocide. 
The United States Holocaust Memorial Mu-
seum—for leading national and international efforts to promote human dignity, confront ha-tred, and prevent the next genocide. 
The Museum of Tolerance—for educating 
and enlightening more than 250,000 visitors per year since 1993, and challenging them to understand the Holocaust and genocides in both historic and contemporary contexts and confront all forms of prejudice and discrimina-tion in our world today. 
Raphael Lemkin—for inventing the term 
‘‘genocide’’ to describe the atrocities that tar-get groups for annihilation, and for working tirelessly to gain approval of Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide by United Nations in 1948. 
University of Southern California’s Shoah 
Foundation and its founder, Mr. Steven Spielberg—for painstakingly collecting nearly 52,000 eyewitness testimonies of the Holo-caust, the Armenian Genocide, and other genocide survivors, and using their first hand accounts to teach the world about the horrors of genocides and the importance of preventing them. 
Facing History and Ourselves—for edu-
cating over ten thousand teachers in the United States and worldwide, and through them, hundreds of thousands of students, on the history of prejudice and racism, and the role they play in the events that lead to geno-
cide. Since 1976, Facing History has been en-gaged in genocide prevention work by pro-moting global citizenship and heightened awareness of genocides. 
The International Committee of The Red 
Cross and United Nations Children’s Fund for starting a vast relief operation in 1979 for the people of Cambodia threatened by famine and disease in the aftermath of the Cambodian Genocide, which claimed millions of lives. 
United State Army Europe and United 
States Air Force Europe—for delivering hu-manitarian aid in 1995 and 1996 to the sur-vivors of the Bosnian Genocide, during which an estimated 100,000 Bosniaks were system-atically targeted and killed. 
Senator William Proxmire—for following 
through his commitment to deliver a speech every day the United States Senate was in session in support of the ratification of United Nations Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. After 20 years and 3,211 speeches, the United States Senate ratified the convention on Feb-ruary 11, 1986. 
President Ronald Reagan—for signing the 
Genocide Implementation Act of 1987 into law, making genocide a Federal offense, and de-claring, ‘‘This legislation still represents a strong and clear statement by the United States that it will punish acts of genocide with the force of law and the righteousness of jus-tice.’’ 
The International Rescue Committee—for 
providing emergency supplies and restoring in-frastructure following the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, where an estimated 800,000 mostly Tutsi minorities were massacred. 
Not On Our Watch, and Messrs. George 
Clooney, Don Cheadle, Matt Damon, Brad Pitt, David Pressman, and Jerry Weintraub for using their public profiles to bring attention to atrocities around the world, and raising aware-ness of the genocide in Darfur, where 300,000 civilians were targeted and murdered, and 2 million displaced. 
United States Institute of Peace Genocide 
Prevention Task Force, and Co-Chairs Honor-able Madeleine K. Albright and Honorable Wil-liam S. Cohen—for developing a genocide prevention blueprint entitled, ‘‘Preventing Genocide: A Blueprint for U.S. Policymakers’’, which affirmed that genocides are preventable, and issued 34 specific actionable rec-ommendations that United States can imple-ment to help detect and prevent genocides. 
Ambassador Samantha Power, the United 
States Ambassador to the United Nations—for her groundbreaking research documented in her book published in 2003, ‘‘A Problem from Hell’’, which recounts the history of genocide and offers a framework for policy makers that can help detect and prevent genocides. 
Congressman A
DAM SCHIFF —for being the 
leading voice in the United States Congress advocating for recognition of past genocides as an important step towards detecting and preventing future genocides and atrocities. 
The Armenian National Committee of Amer-
ica—for advocating for the recognition of the Armenian Genocides and raising awareness of genocides as crimes against humanity. 
Countless other Americans and organiza-
tions who have made it their mission to help prevent the next genocide and promote peaceful resolution of conflicts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.004 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3396 May 20, 2015 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
TOWN OF CLINTON, NEW JERSEY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the 150th anniver-sary of the incorporation of the town of Clinton in Hunterdon County, New Jer-sey. Established as a separate munici-pality in 1865, Clinton has a rich his-tory and is known for its natural beau-ty and sense of community. 
The 2010 Census counted the town’s 
population at 2,719. 
As the recently deceased Clinton 
town historian and longtime mayor, Allie McGaheran, has written, the area was settled on the convergence of two rivers, the Spruce Run and the south branch of the Raritan, surrounded by excellent farmland, attracting English and German settlers. One of those set-tlers, David McKenny, built two mills directly across the river from each other. 
These treasured mills—the first dat-
ing to 1810—now the Red Mill Museum Village and the Hunterdon Museum of Art, were owned by Daniel Hunt, the namesake of the town’s first moniker, Hunt’s Mill. These mills have been the center of Clinton’s economic and cul-tural life for two centuries. 
Later, mill owners John Taylor and 
John Bray championed renaming the town after DeWitt Clinton, the builder of the Erie Canal and Governor of New York. 
A limestone quarry, located imme-
diately behind the Red Mill, brought another wave of settlers, including Irish immigrants crossing the ocean to establish a better life for themselves and their families in the new world. 
The present municipal building, a 
handsome Victorian structure, was the residence of John Leigh, a brick maker and farmer who served as the town’s second mayor. The Lehigh Valley Rail-road provided passenger and freight ac-cess, contributing greatly to the growth and wealth of the town in the 19th century. 
Clinton has a large historic district 
that is on the State and national his-toric registers. There are five historic sites: the two mills; the music hall that entertained generations of resi-dents; the original Grandin Library, named for artist and philanthropist Elizabeth Grandin in the last century; and the quarry. 
The 150th anniversary of Clinton is 
being celebrated with parades, farmers’ markets, art displays, performances, and other community events. 
I thank and congratulate Megan 
Jones-Holt for her work as chair of the 150th anniversary committee. She and her husband, former mayor and current Hunterdon County Freeholder Matt Holt, do so very much for the town civically. 
Clinton is governed by the town form 
of government, with a mayor and six council members. Mayor Janice Kovach and the governing body of the town are greatly involved in the year-
long festivities. Clinton is served by a dedicated volunteer fire company and rescue squad. Its beautiful and historic churches are an integral part of the community. 
The Clinton-Glen Gardner School 
District educates children through the eighth grade. High school students at-tend North Hunterdon High School in neighboring Clinton Township, one of our State’s strongest public elemen-tary and secondary schools. My twin brother, Jim, and I are proud graduates of the high school. 
My own family has been involved in 
the history of Clinton for many genera-tions. My great uncle was president of the local bank, and my father practiced law in the town for 70 years. 
In his essay, ‘‘The Inspiration of 
Clinton,’’ Stephen Shoeman notes: ‘‘Everybody in Clinton smiles. Every-body is friendly. America is beautiful because of Clinton, New Jersey, and the other towns and villages just like it.’’ 
This year’s celebration comes 1 year 
after the tricentennial of Hunterdon County, a yearlong retelling of Hunterdon County’s storied founding and its 300-year journey in advance-ment from the English colonies in North America to its present-day sta-tus as one of America’s premier places to live and work. 
Clinton’s history is ingrained in the 
fabric of Hunterdon County. We have also just celebrated New Jersey’s 350th anniversary. 
Public-spirited residents have 
worked to keep Clinton beautiful and the epitome of small-town American life. Their efforts maintain a charming and vibrant merchant district, excel-lent public schools, meaningful cul-tural events, and significant engage-ment in public affairs. 
The town of Clinton thrives on neigh-
borly camaraderie. I am deeply hon-ored to represent the town here in the House of Representatives. And all who love Clinton congratulate the town on its landmark celebration. 
f 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
the near hysteria over trade promotion authority and the pending Trans-Pa-cific Partnership, the so-called TPP, is unfortunate because it is so misguided. The stakes are too high to get it wrong, and the negative arguments are unfortunate because they are so wrong. 
Being against TPP, which has yet to 
be finished, is premature, at best. Being against the TPA is misguided be-cause those provisions guarantee peo-ple will actually know the details and have stronger tools to evaluate wheth-er it is worthy of support. 
The trade agenda and the role of 
America in the global economy has been front and center in Congress over 
the last few weeks, and well it should be. The United States has an oppor-tunity to make further inroads in 95 percent of the markets that are outside our borders and to be able to gain that access under more favorable terms. 
Businesses large and small that want 
to sell their products overseas run into much more difficult barriers, proce-dures, and costs than people who sell their goods to America, which has one of the most open markets in the world. 
In Oregon, there are two competing 
narratives: those who are opposed to further competition for American goods in American markets, fearing a loss of business and jobs; and those who see significant opportunity selling goods and services abroad, creating more family-wage jobs at home. 
The people I talk to in Oregon who 
are in business overwhelmingly support that access. They feel they have far more to gain than they have to lose, selling more wine, bicycles, agricul-tural products, and small tools. They think they can compete overseas, cre-ating family-wage jobs at home, if that playing field is level. 
There are others who are deeply con-
cerned that this perceived leveling of the playing field will not be achieved. They are concerned about a lack of labor and environmental standards overseas. 
Having spent time with the people 
who are negotiating the agreements, having reviewed documents myself, and working to reflect Oregon values and interests, these agreements, I am confident, hold promise for Oregon. But it is too soon to tell for sure because the agreement is still being negotiated, and people like me are still trying to influence it to make it stronger still. For instance, I have provisions I am working on in both the House and the Senate to provide an enforcement mechanism. 
As the agreement potentially enters 
its final stages, where there are some of the more difficult concessions with decisions yet to be made, the United States and other countries are reluc-tant to show their full hand while things are in flux. 
That is why the trade promotion au-
thority that is working its way through the Senate—and may be in front of the House early in June—is so important. 
This trade promotion authority is a 
significant enhancement over any similar provision in the past. It guar-antees that the entire country—not just Congress—will be able to examine all of the provisions 2 months before the President even signs the agreement and for months after that, before Con-gress votes. The authority also sets out provisions that speak to the concerns I have heard about for years about the weaknesses in NAFTA, not having en-forceable, strong provisions for envi-ronment and labor. 
That is why I thought it was impor-
tant to vote to establish these rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.005 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3397 May 20, 2015 
which were significantly strengthened 
and made more transparent as a result of the tremendous efforts on behalf of my friend and colleague from Oregon, Senator R
ONWYDEN , in the Senate. 
If an agreement is reached under 
these new rules, we will have the strongest standards ever to evaluate a trade agreement, and everyone in America will be able to evaluate for themselves, not conjure up some sort of speculation. They will have months to do what I am going to do: see if this agreement is in the best interest of the people in Oregon who I represent. If it is, then they, like I, will support it. If it is not, then I will do, as I have some-times done in the past, and vote ‘‘no’’ on things I don’t think measure up. 
The time to draw the lines in the 
sand ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ is after an agree-ment is reached, not before. And thanks to the new trade promotion au-thority, everyone will have an oppor-tunity to make that judgment for themselves well in advance of any deci-sion that Congress makes. 
f 
SYRIA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I remember a few years ago visiting Israel, standing in the Golan Heights and looking to the border of Syria. At this time, our guide began talking about the peaceful protests in Syria, the beginning of an era of dis-content. 
As I looked into the seemingly peace-
ful area, I never imagined the carnage that was to come: children who on that day attended school, filled with hope for the future and with dreams of be-coming a businessman, a policeman, an architect, or any of the host of things building in the minds of such a young person at that age; children and par-ents who did not know that in a few short years, their lives would be cut down by a ruthless dictator, bent on keeping power at all cost. 
As the peaceful protests built in 
strength, Bashar al-Assad responded in violence. And so began what history will likely judge to be the start of among the most brutal times in Middle East modern history. 
Bashar-al Assad began using barrel 
bombs indiscriminately against inno-cent people and infamously gassed thousands who struggled to get that last breath of life, only to choke to death, completely aware that that breath would be their last. 
As family members died, others 
joined a group later dubbed the Free Syrian Army, a group the President re-ferred to as a bunch of pharmacists, lawyers, and businessmen, all standing up to reclaim what was theirs right-fully, which was a free Syria. And they fight bravely for a free Syria today. 
Through the carnage of this terrible 
war, a more nefarious group began to assemble, a group not concerned with human carnage but inspired by it; a 
group not fighting to protect life but fighting to cut it down; and a group not inspired by freedom of religion but in-spired by a hollow and a shallow world view. The group today is now known as ISIS. 
b1030 
Mr. Speaker, before the world paid 
any attention, this group occupied not just parts of Syria, but also Fallujah, an area fought with American blood and treasure to bring peace and sta-bility to the people of Iraq. The border of Syria and Iraq was torn down, and the world continued to sleep. 
I called for America to lead air-
strikes against this fledgling group at that time numbering in the low four figures. The reaction I received was not unexpected: people angry that I was in-terested in starting ‘‘Iraq War III.’’ Yet as this cancer continued to grow, the carnage became worse, and today we find ourselves engaged in limited ac-tion against a group growing in num-bers faster than they are being dis-patched by our airplanes. 
Americans feel saddened that the 
areas that our brave military members fought so hard to win was being thrown away to political expedience, and I am one of those people. I spent a little bit of time in Iraq, on behalf of the United States Air Force, flying airplanes, and I just saw a week ago or a few days ago that Ramadi, the capital of Anbar province, where we saw so much suc-cess in the Sunni awakening, has fallen to ISIS. 
Now, by the way, Anbar and Ramadi 
serve as a transportation center for getting goods from Jordan and Syria into Baghdad and are resupply routes for ISIS. So we are seeing not overmuch success in Iraq. But lest we think this fight is limited to just Iraq, all we have to do is look all over the world and all over the Middle East and see ISIS’ influence, from folks arrested near my district in the United States attempting to join and support ISIS, to the problems we see in Lebanon and in Saudi Arabia, and as we see ISIS grow 
and develop in Libya. This is some-thing that, Mr. Speaker, the President has got to get a control on and reassert American leadership. 
We also see that these terrorist 
groups, these jihadist groups, are com-ing under the umbrella of ISIS, wheth-er it is al Shabaab, Boko Haram, or al Qaeda in Yemen, or we see the Taliban beginning to join under this supposedly successful group. 
What is it we need to do to push them 
back? In Iraq, I believe we need to use the number of troops and the amount of military force necessary to destroy ISIS and not just necessary to follow the President’s promise of no troops on the ground. I don’t think we need an-other 200,000 troops in Iraq, and I haven’t heard a single person actually ever suggest that, but we need to use what is necessary to push this back. 
By the way, the American military is 
fierce and desperate to do what needs to be done, and they are ready to do 
what the American people and the President calls on. 
Lastly, ISIS must be destroyed in 
Syria; and you can not destroy ISIS in Syria without destroying the incubator of ISIS, who is the evil dictator, Bashar al Assad. There are negotia-tions in progress now, but until the Syrian people know that the American people stand behind them through a no-fly zone and other means, ISIS will not be destroyed in Syria until that point. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the Presi-
dent to stand up. 
f 
REESTABLISH THE GOLDEN 
FLEECE AWARD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, at a time 
when our Nation is currently over $18 trillion in debt, we must carefully scru-tinize our government programs to en-sure that we are funding essential pro-grams, policies, and projects while eliminating frivolous and wasteful spending. 
Every day in the news, Americans 
hear of government waste, fraud, abuse, and regulations that are hin-dering our small businesses and costing American taxpayers billions of dollars that could be better spent in creating jobs and boosting our economy. 
Today, I rise to establish the Golden 
Fleece Award to once again uncover and bring public attention to the wasteful spending across our Federal Government. The Golden Fleece Award will highlight some of the most egre-gious examples of government waste of hard-working taxpayers’ dollars and will shed new light on some of the rampant, unnecessary spending by our Federal agencies. 
The inspiration behind the Golden 
Fleece Award was pioneered by the Democratic U.S. Senator from Wis-consin, Bill Proxmire, in March 1975. For the next 13 years, Senator Prox-mire went on to issue bulletins an-nouncing a monthly Golden Fleece Award. The Golden Fleece Award be-came a staple in the U.S. Senate during this time. Senator Robert Byrd once stated that the awards were ‘‘as much a part of the Senate as quorum calls and filibusters.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the Golden Fleece 
Award will once again serve as an im-portant reminder that taxpayers need to watch, control, and provide the nec-essary reforms, through this Congress, about Federal spending and regula-tions. 
I will utilize social media and the 
Internet to provide a unique platform for my constituents to share with me examples that they spot, that they see, of waste of our Federal Government re-sources by using, #goldenfleeceoversight on Twitter, or emailing me at goldenfleece@mail.house.gov. I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.010 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3398 May 20, 2015 
also established a Web site that allows 
users to submit their recommendations for future Golden Fleece Awards at hill.house.gov/goldenfleece. 
Americans are crying out for ac-
countability from our leaders, and I look forward to working with them and my colleagues to spot waste and find ways to effectively eliminate that kind of spending and regulatory overreach in Washington. 
f 
DO UNTO OTHERS AS WE WOULD 
HAVE THEM DO UNTO US 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, the great Mahalia Jackson was a gospel singer. The great singer and civil rights activist Mahalia Jackson, once proclaimed by Harry Belafonte to be the most powerful woman in Amer-ica, the great Mahalia Jackson gave us some words to live by, some words that can add meaning to life. She, in one of her songs, indicated that, and I shall paraphrase, if I can help somebody as I travel along, then my living shall not be in vain. Live not in vain; help some-body—that is the essence of the mes-sage that she presented. 
I am here today to speak of persons 
who are in harm’s way and who are suf-fering. The people of Nepal have had two earthquakes visited upon them: one a 7.8 magnitude, the other a 7.3 magnitude. These two earthquakes have done great damage. More than 8,000 people are dead. I am looking at the statistical information: more than 16,000 injured, 8 million persons af-fected, nearly 500,000 homes destroyed, another 200,000-plus damaged. They are still in harm’s way, but there is some-thing we can do. We can do unto others as we would have them do to us if we had suffered a similar tragedy. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a great oppor-
tunity for us to do something to help without actually expending a lot of American dollars, although we have spent quite a bit. I am proud to say that the United States has accorded approximately $40 million to this ef-fort—$40 million. It will take a lot more, but the United States is involved in doing its part. We have had our res-cue teams there; and one of our rescue teams, unfortunately, suffered some tragedy. One of our military heli-copters went down. We have lost lives there. People have been there living not in vain, trying to do what they can to be of assistance, doing unto others as we would have them do for us under similar circumstances. 
One of the things that we can do is 
sign on to a bill that will allow those persons who are in this country from Nepal, who are here lawfully, to stay in this country for an extended period of time while their country is recovering. H.R. 2033 affords Nepalese who are in the United States of America to stay for a while longer. They will not have their status in the country change. They won’t become persons on a path-
way to citizenship. They will simply have more time here. We will not send them back in harm’s way. We will do unto them what we would have them do unto us if we were in a similar cir-cumstance. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill has many per-
sons who are supporting it. More than 50 persons have supported this piece of legislation. I am proud to say that some of the persons who have sup-ported it are persons who have great Nepalese communities, and there are others who do not. They just want to be of help. 
I want to mention a few whose names 
I did not mention when I mentioned names previously, or I did not state them correctly. This is a chance for me to correct the R
ECORD : Congressman 
MIKE CAPUANO , Congressman T ONY 
CA´RDENAS , Congressman J OECROWLEY , 
Congressman M ARK DESAULNIER , Con-
gressman R AU´LGRIJALVA , Congress-
man L UIS GUTIE´RREZ , Congressman 
JARED POLIS, Congressman C HARLES  
RANGEL , Congressman C EDRIC RICH-
MOND , Congresswoman L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ, and Congresswoman L INDA 
SA´NCHEZ —all persons who are sup-
portive, along with many others, near-ly 50. 
I am proud to say that the commu-
nity in Houston, the Nepalese commu-nity has come together, and they have a goal of raising $100,000. They have ex-ceeded that goal, under the leadership of Mr. Ghimirey and Mr. Nepal. They have exceeded the goal of $100,000, and they are still raising additional funds. 
I believe that H.R. 2033 affords all of 
us to live not in vain. I think this is a great opportunity to do unto others as we would have them do unto us. I ask that we support H.R. 2033 and live not in vain. Help somebody as we travel along our way. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 41 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Minister Michael Greene, Lehman 
Avenue Church of Christ, Bowling Green, Kentucky, offered the following prayer: 
Dear God, Our Creator and the One 
from whom we receive our unalienable rights, we give You our thanks for this day and for all the bountiful blessings You have poured out upon this great land, this country, and these peoples. 
We pray these blessings will continue through Your grace. 
We are thankful for the opportunity 
to serve wherein is found greatness. We pray for those assembled here today as they deliberate in this august body. We pray Your guiding hand be upon them. 
Bless them with wisdom. Bless them 
with courage to do the right as You have revealed the right. 
Help them to remember that what is 
being done in this place is not just an exercise in debate but will affect mil-lions of people. 
Help us, Father, to preserve our her-
itage of freedom for future generations. 
This we pray on this 20th day of May 
in the year of our Lord. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. KUSTER led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING MINISTER MICHAEL 
GREENE 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to welcome Mr. Michael Greene to Washington. Mike is serving today as guest chaplain in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Speaking just moments ago, Mike 
prayed for all of us serving this great institution and the work we do each and every day. I have been fortunate to know Mike as my minister in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and have always ap-preciated his prayers. 
Throughout his 44 years as a min-
ister, Mike has served Churches of Christ in Kentucky, Tennessee, and Georgia. He also serves on the board of directors of Foundation Christian Academy in Bowling Green. 
I always enjoy having a little bit of 
Kentucky here in Washington. Today, I am proud to welcome you, Mike, to the U.S. Capitol. Thank you for your pray-ers and for taking the time to be with us in our Nation’s Capitol today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). The Chair will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.007 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3399 May 20, 2015 
entertain up to 15 further requests for 
1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY 
(Mr. BOEHNER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BOEHNER. My colleagues, next 
week marks the 1-year anniversary since General Eric Shinseki resigned as the Secretary of the Veterans Affairs Department. 
At the time, the President promised 
reform. He said: ‘‘The number one pri-ority is making sure that problems get fixed.’’ 
Instead of a new day at the VA, the 
American people are still seeing more of the same. Last year, Congress gave the VA Secretary new authority to fire employees. While some 110 VA facili-ties kept secret lists to hide their wait times, just one person has been fired— one. 
What the hell happened to the rest of 
them? Some got to retire with their benefits, some got transfers, some got paid leave, some got a slap on the wrist. All of them went on collecting checks from taxpayers. If only the Vet-erans Administration did half as good a job of taking care of our veterans as they do the bureaucrats, we would be in a lot better shape. 
Congress also gave the VA more than 
$16 billion to improve care and to shorten waiting times, yet the number of patients facing long waits is about the same. The number of patients wait-ing more than 90 days has doubled. At this point, the VA can’t even build a hospital. Just about every project ends up years behind schedule and hundreds of millions, if not billions, over cost. 
Last week, the public learned that 
the VA is spending $6 billion a year il-legally. An internal report exposed ex-amples of overspending on conferences, improper gifts, inappropriate pur-chases, and promotional items—again, if only VA bureaucrats did as good a job taking care of our veterans as they do themselves. 
The author of the report at the VA 
wrote, ‘‘doors are swung wide open for fraud, waste, and abuse,’’ and that these actions ‘‘may potentially result in serious harm or death to America’s veterans.’’ 
That is their own expert saying this. This isn’t run-of-the-mill incom-
petence. It is arrogance; and it is arro-gance that allows our veterans to be lied to, ignored, and, frankly, left to die. 
My colleagues, it is almost Memorial 
Day. This is when we slow down and re-flect on the debt of gratitude that we owe to our heroes. 
I commend Chairman M
ILLER and all 
of the members of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee for striving every day to fulfill this obligation. Congress will continue to pass legislation to hold the VA accountable, but only the adminis-tration can change the culture from 
within. 
The President owes the American 
people a real, long-term plan to fix the VA—not a promise, not a pledge, not rearranging the chairs on a deck—a real plan to clean up this mess. 
I will keep coming back to this po-
dium until the administration produces such a plan. 
f 
VOLVO OCEAN RACE 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the city of New-port, Rhode Island, in my district, on hosting, this month, the Volvo Ocean Race, the world’s premier sailing race around the world. 
This 12-day event brought 125,000 visi-
tors to Rhode Island, far exceeding even the most optimistic projections, as well as millions of dollars in eco-nomic activity that supported Rhode Island’s tourism industry and our small-business community. Most im-portantly, the success of this event of-fered an opportunity to tell our story about the great things that are hap-pening in Rhode Island today. 
I want to thank everyone who helped 
make the only North American stop-over for this year’s Volvo Ocean Race such an incredible success, including Sail Newport, Rhode Island’s Public Sailing Center, Discover Newport, the Rhode Island Department of Environ-mental Management, the Newport Chamber of Commerce, Senate Presi-dent Teresa Paiva-Weed, Speaker Mattiello, members of the general as-sembly, and Governor Gina Raimondo. 
I want to especially acknowledge 
Senator W
HITEHOUSE for all of his work 
to bring this race to Rhode Island and his ongoing efforts to enhance our State’s position in the maritime indus-try. 
Congratulations to everyone who 
made this such a success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STAFF SERGEANT 
ROBERT H. DIETZ 
(Mr. GIBSON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Staff Sergeant Rob-ert H. Dietz who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his courageous ac-tions during World War II. Sergeant Dietz hailed from Kingston, New York, a proud and historical city in New York’s 19th Congressional District. 
In March 1945, Sergeant Dietz led his 
squad on an attack of a heavily for-tified German position. Under heavy machine gun fire, Sergeant Dietz ad-vanced forward, clearing enemy obsta-cles, providing a path for the men of his squad and platoon. This selfless act enabled the success of this attack; but in the process, Sergeant Dietz lost his life. With strong local support, we sub-
mitted a bill to rename the post office in Kingston for Sergeant Dietz. Yester-day that bill passed in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. I thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ , his com-
mittee, and the entire New York dele-gation for their strong support; and I look forward to its passage in the full House soon. 
Mr. Speaker, as we approach Memo-
rial Day weekend, we pause to remem-ber Sergeant Dietz and all those men and women who lost their lives in de-fense of our freedoms. 
f 
BRING BACK OUR GIRLS 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
today I, along with many of my col-leagues—both women and men, Repub-licans and Democrats—wear red to pressure Nigerian President-elect Muhammadu Buhari into taking ag-gressive action against Boko Haram. 
Next week, as Nigeria welcomes the 
new President and celebrates Democ-racy Day, we here in Congress want to put a spotlight on the immense threat Boko Haram poses to Nigeria’s democ-racy and freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, we want President-elect 
Buhari to know we will hold him ac-countable, just as we held his prede-cessor accountable. We urge this new administration to bring with it a swift and lasting change in attitude on this issue. We hope the new President will have a sense of urgency in finding the Chibok schoolgirls and defeating Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, we expect the new 
President to find the girls, whether they have been married off against their will or not, are alive or in a mass grave. Wherever they are, we want to know. 
Until they are found, we will con-
tinue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls; tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to talk about the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. This is legislation that we, at the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, are working on in a bipartisan basis, and we look forward to moving it to the House floor and seeing this passed and signed into law. Why are we doing it? Because we want to put the focus on cures, real cures that will en-able people to live better lives. 
Let’s take just one disease, Alz-
heimer’s. There are 5 million Ameri-cans that currently have Alzheimer’s. The cost to the Nation is $215 billion a year. When you look out several dec-ades to 2050, the cost is estimated to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.011 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3400 May 20, 2015 
$1 trillion a year for one disease. Yes, 
we need to focus on finding cures. 
And there are other disorders and 
diseases that need that attention. Take autism, diabetes, ALS, cancer, the list moves on. 
It is time for us to encourage and 
support young scientists, to put the focus on our most challenging health conditions, and we want the regulatory agencies to be there to encourage this effort, and I encourage support for the 21st Century Cures Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NHTI, CONCORD, 
NEW HAMPSHIRE’S COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to underscore the importance of increasing access to higher education, including crucial workforce develop-ment programs that help our students gain the high-tech skills they need to succeed in our 21st century economy. 
In New Hampshire, we are blessed to 
have some of the very best community colleges in the country, and I am proud to have visited every single community college in my district. 
Today I would like to recognize one 
institution, the New Hampshire Tech-nical Institute, the community college in our capital of Concord, which was just ranked number one in the country for value added by the Brookings Insti-tution. That means that NHTI students are meeting and surpassing expected outcomes after graduation, and many of them are going on to extremely suc-cessful careers. 
Every student should have access to 
this type of opportunity, and I am pushing for a number of initiatives that will help business partners join with community colleges to provide specific job training. Let’s all join to-gether to make sure that students across the country can access the kind of value-added programs offered at NHTI. And together, we can move for-ward so that every American can real-ize the American Dream. 
f 
b1215 
VETERAN HEALTH CARE, FIGHTER 
ACES 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, one of my top priorities is standing up for our servicemen and -women. That is why I am proud to re-introduce the Help Veterans Save for Health Care Act, because right now the IRS makes a veteran choose between receiving VA care or continuing to fund their health savings account. That is wrong. My bill fixes that. 
In addition to this bill, today Con-
gress will recognize America’s fighter aces with its highest honor—the Con-
gressional Gold Medal. Last year, Con-gress passed this resolution honoring these patriots who are simply the best of the best. 
We are the land of the free because of 
all our troops and veterans who have put their lives on the line for us, and I salute them today as we remember their sacrifices on this Memorial Day. 
f 
DAVID LETTERMAN 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
take this occasion to thank David Letterman for 33 years of late-night television and giving his genius to America. I want to thank him on be-half of my friend Warren Zevon for being the best friend his music ever had, and for helping so many other mu-sicians get an opportunity to play for America; as a Memphian who attended the Andy Kaufman-Jerry Lawler match, for Dave giving Andy Kaufman the opportunity to give his zany sense of humor to America, and so many other comedians that he gave a forum to. 
Dave was in the Ed Sullivan Theater, 
but he should have been in the Steve Allen Theater, Ed’s rival, because he was more like Steve Allen, the first late-night host. The ‘‘Man on the Street’’ interview with Steve Allen was like ‘‘Stupid Pet Tricks.’’ 
Dave Letterman was a genius. To-
night I will be watching his last show— we all will—the 6,028th. We will all watch it. 
Dave, don’t stay away. Come back. 
We thank you for all you have given us. 
f 
HONORING MONTANA VETERANS 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
in honor of Montana veterans and all the men and women who have fallen in defense of our great Nation. 
I would like to recognize one in par-
ticular, Private 1st Class Nicholas Cook, from Hungry Horse, Montana, who was killed in action in Afghani-stan. He bravely sacrificed himself to save his fellow paratroopers by expos-ing his position, providing suppressive fire. His valor earned him the Silver Star. 
Mr. Speaker, no veteran should ever 
be forgotten. Today I would like to also recognize the following Montana vet-erans for their service to our Nation: 
James Diqhans, Carl Nordberg, Ken-
neth and Christopher Bogner, George Lacher, Charles Pickard, Michael Kallas, James and Gary Jacobson, Ben-jamin Balducke, Nicholas Cook, Williard Purkett, James and John Hantz, Robert Emrick, Dennis Morkert, and Edward Kinney. 
God bless the United States, and God 
bless the troops that defend her. CELEBRATING THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD START 
(Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Head Start program. 
Head Start is near and dear to my 
heart. I began my career as a Head Start teacher in the Chicago public schools. I have never forgotten how the program made a monumental dif-ference for its students, and this Con-gress should not forget those kids ei-ther. 
Since its inception, Head Start has 
served 32 million children in all 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puer-to Rico, and the U.S. territories. Last year, in my home State of Illinois, there were 130 early Head Start and Head Start providers providing quality teachers. 
And there is an economic impact. 
Head Start accounted for more than 7,950 jobs in Illinois last year. Yet se-questration cuts have done serious damage to the programs in Illinois and around the Nation. In my State alone, more than $16.5 million in funding has been cut, 1,900 children went unserved, and 549 jobs were lost. 
Certainly none of us was elected to 
keep young children in need from get-ting an education. We should celebrate the 50th anniversary by fully funding Head Start and eliminating the seques-ter because every child in our country deserves a quality education and a good start. 
f 
VETERANS DESERVE 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, this week, an internal report from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs revealed that the Department an-nually spends $6 billion on illegal con-tracts and out-of-control spending. This fraud is unacceptable, an insult to the men and women who have risked their lives in service to our country. Unfortunately, this lack of account-ability at the Department of Veterans Affairs is all too common under Presi-dent Obama’s failed leadership. 
Our veterans deserve the best care, 
and I will continue working to give our veterans the treatment they have earned as promoted by Veterans’ Af-fairs Chairman J
EFFMILLER of Florida. 
Congress has worked to promote change at the VA. For example, this week, we passed the Ensuring VA Ac-countability Act, sponsored by Con-gressman R
YAN COSTELLO . This bipar-
tisan effort clearly demonstrates meaningful reforms for our veterans and military families. 
I hope President Obama can live up 
to his commitment to end delays and denial of services to our veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.012 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3401 May 20, 2015 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD START 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that this week marks the 50-year anni-versary of the Head Start program, a momentous achievement in our Na-tion’s fight to break the cycle of pov-erty and open the windows of oppor-tunity for low-income families and children. 
Now, I don’t want to date myself, ac-
tually, but I was in the first class of Head Start, and today I bring with me my original certificate of completion from that program. I am proud to say that, if it were not for Head Start, I wouldn’t be here today. You see, as the daughter of poor immigrants from Mexico, not many people would think I would graduate from high school, let alone college, or get my MBA and even-tually make my way to the House of Representatives. 
Head Start has served over 32 million 
children, and, more importantly, it has helped families know how to navigate the school system. My hat is off to the teachers, to the community volunteers, to the healthcare coordinators, and to so many who helped to implement Head Start programs in their commu-nities. Your work is transforming our Nation. It is giving that head start to our children because they are the fu-ture of this Nation. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I say today, ‘‘Happy 
birthday, Head Start.’’ 
f 
REMEMBERING CAPTAIN DUSTIN 
LUKASIEWICZ OF ALMA, NE-BRASKA 
(Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in remembrance of Third District constituent Captain Dustin Lukasiewicz of Alma, Nebraska. He and five fellow marines were killed in a helicopter crash last week while providing humanitarian aid to earth-quake victims in Nepal. 
Captain Lukasiewicz made the ulti-
mate sacrifice while trying to assist victims no one else could reach. His service reflects the goodness of Amer-ica, accepting the call to help those who need it most. 
When I spoke with the captain’s 
mother yesterday, she told me how her son called to wish her a happy Mother’s Day just days before the crash. His at-tention to loved ones is a reflection of his life of service and devoting himself to the care of others. Mr. Speaker, please join me in pray-
ing for the captain’s mother, father, wife, daughter, unborn child, and all others who lost loved ones in this ter-rible tragedy. As Memorial Day ap-proaches, we must make it our priority to honor and remember our military heroes, and Captain Lukasiewicz is cer-tainly one of our heroes. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF HEAD START 
(Mr. NOLAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, Members 
of the House, as Congresswoman S
CHA-
KOWSKY and Congresswoman S ANCHEZ  
just pointed out their involvement in Head Start, I want you to know I di-rected a 19-unit Head Start program up in north central Minnesota in my youth, and so I am proud to join them in celebrating this 50th anniversary that served over 32 million children, because I was able to see firsthand how this impacted children’s lives. And what a testimonial it is to see one of the first participants go on to become a Member of the United States Con-gress and running for the United States Senate. 
Clearly, Head Start is so critical to 
our national commitment to every child, regardless of their circumstances at birth, to have an opportunity to suc-ceed in life, developing that wonderful spark for learning that sets kids up for success. 
So once again, hats off to the edu-
cators, to the directors, to the faculty, and to the parents, all those who have made this program such a wonderful, great success for children all across America. 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize May as National Foster Care Month. 
Today I would like to applaud the 
thousands of families who open their homes to foster children. It takes a special kind of caregiver to foster a child, someone who can drop every-thing on a moment’s notice and, with-out hesitation, bring a child into their home. 
In Pennsylvania alone, there are 
15,000 children in foster care. That means we have thousands of amazing families with hearts big enough to pro-vide love and care for children who need a place to call home. 
Mr. Speaker, foster children become 
an irreplaceable part of the family. In-deed, the most telling statistic is that in Pennsylvania 65 percent of families end up adopting their foster children. We need families willing to open their hearts and homes unconditionally to children who have been abused and re-
moved from their homes. This is what so many dedicated foster families are able to provide. 
Mr. Speaker, during National Foster 
Care Month, I would like to celebrate the resiliency of foster children who overcome great obstacles at such a young age and recognize the dedicated foster families who support them. 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, 
today I stand here to recognize May as National Foster Care Month. More than 40,000 of our Nation’s youth are currently living in the child welfare system. More than 23,000 youth age out of the foster care system when they turn 18, putting them at risk for home-lessness, criminal exposure, and mental illness. These statistics paint a grim picture. 
Today I stand here to recognize a 
young woman who aged out of the fos-ter care system, Kamille Tynes, a suc-cess story. Kamille spent 5 years in the Michigan foster care system. Her expe-rience fostered a tireless advocacy for foster care and resources that our chil-dren need. She has been given awards and recognized for her amazing leader-ship, such as the foster care Out-standing Young Leaders Award. She is now creating her own consulting firm to address those needs. She is a grad-uate of the University of Michigan. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I ask my col-
leagues to please continue to under-stand the importance of recognizing and funding our foster care program. 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate May as National Foster Care Month and welcome many of the foster care youth who are visiting the House of Representatives today. 
This year’s theme is ‘‘Get to Know 
the Many Faces of Foster Care.’’ The goal of this special month is to cele-brate the experiences of the more than 400,000 youth in the child welfare sys-tem and raise awareness about their needs. 
Mr. Speaker, the foster care system 
has and always will hold a special place in my heart. When I was 11 years old, my family welcomed a foster care child, Bob, into our home. Bob, throughout the years, has taught me so much and will be my brother for life. 
Today I have the honor of being shad-
owed for the day by Nyeelah Innis of Newnan, Georgia. Nyeelah has been in foster care for 8 years, with her first foster care setting starting when she was 10 years old. Mr. Speaker, in just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.013 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3402 May 20, 2015 
these few hours, Nyeelah has impressed 
me with her positive attitude and ea-gerness to learn about the legislative branch of our Federal Government. I know for certain that this young lady has a very bright future ahead, like so many other youth whom we will see through the Halls of Congress today. 
f 
b1230 
CONGRESSIONAL FOSTER YOUTH 
SHADOW DAY 
(Ms. BASS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I join my 
colleagues today in celebration of 63 foster youth and 63 bipartisan Members of Congress who are participating in the fourth annual Congressional Cau-cus on Foster Youth Shadow Day expe-rience. 
The goal of this event is to give fos-
ter youth the opportunity to share their unique experience with Members of Congress, as well as gain intimate insight into the legislative process. 
Far too often, we legislate from a 
glass tower, far removed from the peo-ple and places that our laws affect. Shadow Day was created to address this very issue, empowering foster youth from across the country to come to our Nation’s Capital and share their stories, while giving Members of Con-gress the opportunity to learn from the very young people whose lives we genu-inely want to improve. 
Shadowing me today is Briana, a 
beautiful young woman from my home-town of Los Angeles. Briana became an open case of the department of child and family services at the age of 15 due to abuse by her father. Multiple place-ments, neglect, and instability defined her foster care experience. 
As she pursues her bachelor’s degree 
in accounting at Dillard University in New Orleans, Briana strives to voice the real concerns of foster youth and give strength to her foster peers by moving towards change. Briana’s ulti-mate goal is to become a foster care advocate, encouraging other youth like her to stand up for themselves in the child welfare system. 
I look forward to hearing more about 
Briana’s experience and listening to her legislative recommendations. Thank you, Briana, for your resiliency and your commitment to reforming the child welfare system. 
In honor of Briana and the other 62 
foster youth here on the Hill, I invite my colleagues to join the Congres-sional Caucus on Foster Youth. 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH 
(Mr. MARINO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize May as National Foster Care Month. 
On September 30, 2012, there was an 
estimated 400,000 children in foster care. Sixty-five percent of foster chil-
dren experience at least seven school changes while in care. Fifty percent of former foster and probation youth be-come homeless within the first 18 months of emancipation. 
My foster shadow today is Damara. 
She is from Pennsylvania, and we are exchanging some great ideas about fos-ter care. 
All children deserve a safe, loving, 
and permanent home. Please become a foster care parent. My wife and I are foster care parents and associated with working with children throughout my life. We have provided so much for them, but equally important, they have provided so much for us. 
f 
GREEN SCHOOLS 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to applaud several Nebraska schools for their nationally recognized roles in protecting the environment. 
Two Omaha schools—the Edward 
‘‘Babe’’ Gomez Heritage Elementary School and the Wilson Focus School— along with the Lincoln School District, have been named 2015 Green Ribbon Schools by the U.S. Secretary of Edu-cation, Arne Duncan. 
These schools have been honored for 
their promising efforts to reduce nega-tive environmental impact, ensure en-vironmental education, promote better health, and cut utility costs. 
As Secretary Duncan has noted, 
these schools are ‘‘an inspiration and deserve the spotlight for embodying strong examples of innovative learning and civic engagement.’’ 
It is clear that the honorees are pow-
erful examples of the ways in which schools can help students cut school costs, provide healthy learning envi-ronments, and prepare for the real world ahead. 
I also want to take this opportunity 
to honor my good and late friend, Sen-ator Ron Raikes from Ashland, Ne-braska, who with me developed the leg-islation for the focus schools in Ne-braska. He has been and is sorely missed. 
f 
FIX OUR MENTAL HEALTH 
SYSTEM 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to advocate on behalf of a cause near and dear to my heart, fixing our mental health system. 
As some of you may know, I have a 
family member with a mental illness. This has allowed me to witness first-hand where our system fails those with a mental illness and to see where the opportunities are for improvement. 
As part of my effort to bring about 
change to New Hampshire’s mental health system, I joined my colleague, 
Representative K
USTER , last week in 
hosting a mental health summit with local advocates, healthcare providers, and New Hampshire lawmakers. 
These experts are essential in the 
fight to reform and strengthen our mental health system. It is with their feedback, perspective, and opinion that myself, Representative K
USTER , and 
my colleagues in Congress can devise bipartisan solutions to fix this very im-portant issue. 
Together, we can bring about real bi-
partisan change for individuals and families affected by mental illness. We need to change this to a patient-cen-tered and metrics-driven environment to ensure that Granite State patients and their families are provided with the necessary care, support, and re-sources they deserve. 
f 
ASIAN AMERICAN AND PACIFIC 
ISLANDERS HERITAGE MONTH 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, Asian 
American and Pacific Islanders’ achievements in art, technology, busi-ness, and education serve as a reminder that our Nation’s success is built upon the foundation of diversity. 
This is particularly evident in my 
district, which is home to the largest AAPI community in Nevada. The Las Vegas Asian Chamber of Commerce fa-cilitated the reinvigoration of our economy after the 2008 crash. 
Chinatown Plaza on Spring Mountain 
Road is home to one of the country’s most popular Chinese New Year cele-brations. There is a thriving Filipino district along Maryland Parkway. Doz-ens of Thai, Japanese, Korean, and Vi-etnamese shops, restaurants, markets, and festivals enrich our society and strengthen our economy. 
As we celebrate AAPI Heritage 
Month, let us acknowledge the value immigrants bring to our lives and rec-ognize how much we all stand to gain from enacting comprehensive immigra-tion reform that honors our country’s legacy as the land of opportunity. 
We don’t simply benefit from the 
myriad contributions of immigrants; we thrive and flourish because of them. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL ARTHUR 
JEFFREY 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today, 
we present a Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian honor bestowed by Congress, to recognize the distin-guished service of the American Fight-er Aces. 
One of the Fighter Aces being hon-
ored is Colonel Arthur Jeffrey, who was credited with shooting down 14 enemy aircraft during World War II. Colonel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.015 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3403 May 20, 2015 
Jeffrey flew air cover missions during 
D-day. In December 1944, he was award-ed the Silver Star for his ‘‘courage, combat skills, and gallant leadership’’ while thwarting an enemy mission. 
Colonel Jeffrey ended his tour as 
commander of the 434th Fighter Squad-ron. His service was recognized at the time with the Distinguished Flying Cross, with one oakleaf cluster, and the Air Medal, with 16 oakleaf clusters. 
Colonel Jeffrey passed away this 
April in Yakima, Washington, at the age of 95, regrettably before this honor was bestowed. 
Please join me in honoring the mem-
ory of Colonel Arthur Jeffrey, a re-markable American, for his out-standing service defending our Nation. 
f 
HEAD START 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, this 
week marks the 50th anniversary of Head Start, a wonderful success story that empowered 32 million children in America. 
Unfortunately, the future of Head 
Start today stands in grave peril due to the misplaced priorities of the Repub-lican budget which cuts $759 billion from nondefense discretionary funds and will result in 35,000 fewer children participating in Head Start. 
House Democrats want to embrace 
the future by investing in early child-hood education and enacting universal prekindergarten. Democrats strongly support President Obama’s initiative to fully fund Head Start and expand the Early Head Start-Childcare Part-nerships. Research shows that high- quality early education is a great in-vestment in a child’s life and our Na-tion’s future. 
Mr. Speaker, our children are our fu-
ture. As Head Starters across the coun-try plant rose bushes this week to com-memorate President Johnson’s Rose Garden launching of Head Start, this Congress must reject the misplaced priorities of the Republican budget and embrace a brighter future for our chil-dren. 
f 
HONORING WARRIORS WEEKEND 
(Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I 
am here today to pay tribute to our veterans and to the men and women of our Armed Forces who wake up every day, put on our Nation’s uniform, and don’t know if they are going to be home that evening safely with their families. 
Last weekend, volunteers came to-
gether in Port O’Connor, Texas, to honor more than 900 veterans and cur-rent members of the Armed Forces for the ninth annual Warriors Weekend. Warriors Weekend brings together 
military members who have been wounded during combat in the global war on terror—and not just those who are wounded physically, but also those with invisible scars, like PTSD and de-pression. 
Mr. Speaker, many of these current 
and former military members are still in recovery and physical rehabilita-tion, but the weekend event gives them the chance to build a support network and have a great time enjoying the Texas outdoors. 
Warriors Weekend was created in 
part by veterans who served during Vietnam. They knew all too well how it felt to return home from war and be looked down on. They wanted to make sure every member of the military is welcomed home properly, and they knew that our wounded veterans often-times have needs that are overlooked. 
I urge Members to support Warriors 
Weekend again next year. 
f 
PASS A LONG-TERM PLAN TO FIX 
OUR NATION’S TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, the House voted yesterday to approve a 2-month exten-sion of the highway trust fund. I am pleased we were able to pass a short- term fix, but it is time to stop kicking the can down the road. 
I urge my colleagues to use the next 
60 days to come up with a long-term plan to invest in our Nation’s transpor-tation infrastructure, a plan that will create jobs, strengthen American com-petitiveness, and lay the groundwork for future economic growth. 
I asked the Joint Economic Com-
mittee staff to analyze the costs of U.S. underinvestment in infrastruc-ture, and this map tells an important part of the story. 
Across the country, one in four 
bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete. That is scary, and it is a matter of public safety. Americans are taking tens of millions of trips every day over bridges that are in need of repair. 
As you can see on the map, in some 
States, over one-third of the bridges are failing. Here in the Nation’s Cap-ital, 70 percent of our bridges are fail-ing. We should fix our crumbling infra-structure as a matter of public safety and as a matter of national pride. 
To see how your State is doing, you 
can download the map and the raw data behind it from the JEC, jec.senate.gov. 
I urge my colleagues to support in-
frastructure. It is time to move beyond a 2-month extension and, instead, work on a long-term solution to this critical and important and economic develop-ment challenge. NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as 
we celebrate National Foster Care Month, first recognized by President Ronald Reagan in 1988, I would like to thank the dedicated foster families, so-cial workers, and service providers for their commitment to help children. 
May is also a time to shed light on 
the plight of nearly 400,000 children and youth who are currently in our coun-try’s foster care system, and we call for safe and nurturing environments for these vulnerable members of our soci-ety. 
In an effort to give qualified adoptive 
and foster parents an opportunity to make a lasting difference in the lives of these children, I will be introducing bipartisan, bicameral legislation that would help ensure that more children have the opportunity to be raised in a loving and supportive home that they can call their own. 
The Every Child Deserves a Family 
Act would ensure that prejudices plays no part in adoption and foster care placements. A parent’s ability to care for a child should not be determined by any parent’s sexual orientation or gen-der identity, but by their love. 
f 
b1245 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 2262, SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 880, AMERICAN RESEARCH AND COMPETITIVE-NESS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 22, 2015, THROUGH MAY 29, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 273 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 273 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2262) to facili-tate a pro-growth environment for the devel-oping commercial space industry by encour-aging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory con-ditions, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology or their respective designees. After general debate the bill shall be considered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3404 May 20, 2015 
for amendment under the five-minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-17. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No 
amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time on 
the legislative day of May 21, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her des-ignee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
S
EC. 4. The Committee on Appropriations 
may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Wednes-day, May 27, 2015, file privileged reports to accompany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
S
EC. 5. On any legislative day during the 
period from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015— 
(a) the Journal of the proceedings of the 
previous day shall be considered as approved; and 
(b) the Chair may at any time declare the 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by 
the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
S
EC. 6. The Speaker may appoint Members 
to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 5 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Ohio is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-
day, the Rules Committee met and re-ported a rule for two bills—H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015, and H.R. 880, the American Research and Competi-tiveness Act of 2015. House Resolution 273 provides for a structured rule for the consideration of H.R. 2262 and a closed rule for the consideration of H.R. 880. 
The resolution provides for 1 hour of 
debate, equally divided between the chair and the ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for H.R. 2262, and 1 hour of debate, equally divided between the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Ways and Means, for H.R. 880. 
The resolution also provides for the 
consideration of seven amendments to H.R. 2262, and it provides for a motion to recommit for each bill. In addition, the rule provides for the normal recess authorities to allow the chair to man-age pro forma sessions; it provides for the Committee on Appropriations to have the opportunity to file reports during the district work period; and it provides for suspension authority for Thursday to provide flexibility on the last day prior to the district work pe-riod. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the resolution and the underlying legislation. 
Both of these bills represent critical 
investments in science and techno-logical innovation. On the floor this week, we have debated and passed sev-eral pieces of legislation to encourage the research and development of new technologies and ideas, moving our economy and our country forward and cementing our place in the world as the leader in scientific discovery. 
These discoveries and the research 
they require will promote and create high-tech, high-paying jobs that can have untold benefits to our economy, benefiting all Americans. The rule and the underlying legislation we have 
under consideration today continues that objective, and I look forward to discussing these critical issues with our colleagues here in the House. 
H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015, is a 
package of four bills that will update the Commercial Space Launch Act. H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act, as intro-duced by the majority leader, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), will facilitate a progrowth envi-
ronment for the commercial space in-dustry by encouraging private sector investment and by creating a more sta-ble and predictable regulatory environ-ment. 
H.R. 1508, the Space Resource Explo-
ration and Utilization Act, introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ), will promote the development 
of a United States commercial space resource exploration and utilization in-dustry, and it will increase the explo-ration and utilization of resources in outer space. 
H.R. 2261, the Commercial Remote 
Sensing Act, introduced by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), will facilitate the con-
tinued development of the commercial remote sensing industry and protect our national security. 
Finally, H.R. 2263, the Office of Space 
Commerce Act, proposed by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ), will rename the Office of 
Space Commercialization to the Office of Space Commerce, and it will seek to foster the conditions for the economic and technological growth of the United States space commerce industry. 
This package of bills will ensure 
American leadership in space by fos-tering a strong and vibrant commercial space industry. Without this legisla-tion, the commercial space industry may face a myriad of regulatory hur-dles that would threaten America’s continued exceptionalism in space ex-ploration. 
The other underlying bill in this rule, 
H.R. 880, addresses the research and de-velopment tax credit. In 1981, President Reagan signed into law a critical re-search and development tax credit, but Washington has let it expire and then has renewed it over a dozen times since then. 
As we discussed last month as to our 
tax credits, Mr. Speaker, the R&D tax credit was included in the package of retroactive bills and extenders that was signed by the President on Decem-ber 19 of last year, providing just 7 business days of certainty for busi-nesses seeking to utilize this provision of our Tax Code. It, along with all of the others that expired again on De-cember 31 of last year, currently re-main expired. The temporary nature of the now expired research credit limits its effectiveness, which prevents some businesses from having certainty on 
long-term investments in U.S.-based research and development. 
More research and development 
means more innovation, greater eco-nomic growth, and more American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.005 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3405 May 20, 2015 
jobs. In 2012, American companies in-
vested $302 billion in research and de-velopment. As of 2011, 1.47 million Americans worked directly in research and development. Increased certainty, combined with the simplification of our Tax Code, would lead to more re-search and more American jobs. 
Investment in research and develop-
ment is the key to America remaining the world’s leader in innovation. The percentage of patents awarded by the U.S. Patent Office has increased each year, but the share awarded to U.S. innovators has declined. In the year 2000, 54 percent of the patents awarded were of American origin. By 2014, the number fell to 48 percent. From 2001 to 2011, America’s share of global research and development declined from 37 per-cent to just 30 percent. 
By making the research credit per-
manent, researchers can stop worrying about whether Congress is going to ex-tend the tax credit and can, instead, focus on new discoveries that will help fuel our economy and grow jobs. 
I look forward to debating these bills 
with our House colleagues, and I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes for debate. 
I rise today in opposition to the rule 
and the underlying bills. 
Before I proceed, I did not speak dur-
ing the 1 minutes, and I want to also take cognizance of this being the 50th anniversary of Head Start and, addi-tionally, this month of May as being Foster Care Month. Like many Mem-bers, I have a young person who has a more than compelling story about fos-ter care—Ke’Onda Johnson from Royal Palm, Florida—who is shadowing me today, and I am delighted that she and other youngsters have this oppor-tunity. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for 
the consideration of H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitive-ness Act of 2015, and H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015—two separate bills, wholly unrelated in content and pur-pose. 
As a first order of business, I believe 
it is critical that I take a moment to highlight the manner in which we are debating this rule today. The delibera-tion of multiple, unrelated bills under a single rule is a disturbing trend that has ballooned under Republican leader-ship and is one that threatens the very foundation of the democratic process. Forcing several pieces of legislation into a single rule not only prevents Members of this Chamber from making informed judgments about the proper floor procedure for each measure, but it also leads to disjointed and often perplexing debates about an assort-ment of unconnected issues. b1300 
Votes on the House floor should re-
flect where Members stand on the spe-cific questions at issue, not on a set of complex and unrelated procedures, some of which they support and others which they oppose. 
Indeed, just yesterday, the House 
considered H. Res. 271, a rule providing for consideration of three measures: the Highway and Transportation Fund-ing Act, the Legislative Branch Appro-priations Act, and the America COM-PETES Reauthorization bill. 
The debate on that rule vacillated 
from surface transportation projects, to funding for the legislative branch, to the prioritization of science research development. Such debate erodes the integrity of House proceedings by cre-ating confusing alternations in subject matter that eliminate the ability to re-inforce a line of reasoning or respond to opposing arguments. 
The grab-bag approach has sky-
rocketed since Republicans assumed control of the House in 2011, with a record 49 grab-bag rules reported out during the 113th Congress. Even more disheartening, we are on schedule to shatter this record during the 114th Congress, having already approved an unconscionable 14 of these rules in less than 5 months. 
In fairness, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Rules did say, in response to one of my colleagues and myself the day before, that this practice is not likely to continue at its present pace, and I await the opportunity for him to fulfill his view with reference to that matter. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand before you 
today for consideration of yet another grab-bag rule governing two bills of significant importance that, as a result of this rule, will undoubtedly escape the due consideration each deserves. 
H.R. 880, the American Research and 
Competitiveness Act of 2015, would make permanent a tax credit for quali-fied research expenses that expired at the end of last year. It is my strong be-lief that Democrats and Republicans, alike, support a tax credit that will help facilitate innovation and foster advancements in research, enabling American companies to grow and pros-per. Technological innovation stem-ming from research and development serves as an important engine to our Nation’s economic growth. 
My opposition to this piece of legisla-
tion, therefore, comes in first part from my Republican colleagues’ deci-sion to make this tax credit permanent in what I view as a fiscally irrespon-sible way. 
Mr. Speaker, my Republican friends 
have long touted themselves as the party of fiscal responsibility. For this reason, I find it a bit insincere that they now seek to implement a tax cred-it with no offsets for lost revenue. As a result, the Joint Committee on Tax-ation estimates that this bill would add almost $182 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years. I have stated time and time again that we cannot 
continue to provide tax cuts and cred-its without a mechanism to pay for them. It is comical to me that my Re-publican friends claim to be the party of fiscal responsibility while they, in the same breath, advocate a measure that would add nearly $200 billion to the Federal deficit. 
In addition to this legislation’s reck-
less budgetary impact, I disagree with the piecemeal approach the majority 
has taken in making these tax credits permanent. More than 50 tax provisions expired at the end of last year, many of them critical to the middle and work-ing class and, yes, poor families. And yet, instead of addressing the issues facing our Tax Code in a comprehen-sive, bipartisan way, the majority has decided to leave certain tax credits— ones that would directly improve the lives of hard-working American fami-lies, such as the work opportunity tax credit, the new markets tax credit, and renewable energy tax credit—to an un-certain fate. 
The American people expect, and I 
am sure that they deserve, a Tax Code that supports our shared priorities. Cherry-picking tax credits to extend, and then allowing those credits to dra-matically increase the deficit, is, in my view, a step in the wrong direction. It is an unacceptable step away from bi-partisan, comprehensive tax reform. 
I agree, as most of my colleagues 
likely do as well, that the research tax credit is critical for American innova-tion. That is why I am truly dis-appointed, although not surprised, that my Republican friends have again cho-sen to place partisan politicking above the needs of our constituents. 
This rule also provides for consider-
ation of the SPACE Act of 2015, an-other piece of once bipartisan legisla-tion that has been distorted into an un-recognizable measure that panders to industry giants without regard for the safety of the American public or of spaceflight passengers. 
While the enticement of space travel 
hovers over the objectives of this legis-lation, we must address the reality of what this bill seeks to accomplish. First, this bill reads like a laundry list of commercial space launch industry requests, exempting it from needed safety regulations and providing essen-tially complete immunity for civil law-suits by removing claims related to commercial space launches from State court and mandating that they be heard in Federal Court, where few ap-propriate legal remedies exist. In prac-tice, this measure will immunize com-mercial space companies from legal li-ability, even in cases of recklessness or intentional misconduct. 
Also troubling, this bill provides tre-
mendous subsidies for insurance cov-erage—and that is kind of interesting— to protect wealthy recreational space-craft passengers. Why on earth, and there is no pun intended here, are we spending taxpayer dollars on individ-uals wealthy enough to travel into space for sport? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.020 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3406 May 20, 2015 
While it is uncontested that the 
issues these bills seek to address are important, the partisan way in which they have been presented prevents a ro-bust deliberation, and I therefore op-pose both the rule and the underlying bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. 
Speaker. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to respond to some of the com-ments of the gentleman from Florida and remind him that each bill will be separately debated and that, obviously, this combined rule is a floor time man-agement technique that the chairman of the Committee on Rules yesterday said was an aberration. I take him at his word; and I think it is important to note that, during Democratic majori-ties, this was certainly not an unheard- of practice, either. 
I do want to make sure that I reit-
erate that every bill will be separately debated; and I would remind the gen-tleman that, during the time we have to debate the rule, if we actually stick to the topics related to the bills and the rules, it will help us manage our floor time even better. 
With that, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). 
Mr. POSEY. I thank the gentleman 
from Ohio for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the rule and the underlying legisla-tion. 
Despite some of the comments we 
have heard from across the aisle this morning, I remember my first 2 years, my first term here, and not one time was I allowed to even file a single amendment to a single bill here. All the rules were closed, and it was run like a king would run a kingdom, not a democratic republic. Here, today, I think the other side has already filed seven amendments on one of these bills. That is seven times more than I ever got to dream about filing when you ran this place. 
Another great thing about this bill, 
you actually get to read it before we pass it. We have done all our bills like that since we have taken control. You actually get to read the bills before they are passed. When you all were in the majority, we had to pass them be-fore you read them. I think you re-member the famous quote. 
You refer to this as a grab bag. The 
only grab bag I see here is the litany of totally unrelated subjects rattled off, as if they somehow related to this bill. I mean, that doesn’t pass the straight face test. 
Now to the bill. I would like to thank 
the majority leader, K
EVIN MCCARTHY , 
and Chairman L AMAR SMITH for their 
hard work on the SPACE Act. The SPACE Act will help ensure American leadership in space, facilitating the growth and stability of the commercial space industry. This is an important, historic, and exciting piece of legisla-tion. 
This legislation includes many im-
portant provisions to update our laws and the oversight of the commercial 
space industry, including title 2 of the Space Resource Exploration and Utili-zation Act—historic, bipartisan, bi-cameral legislation introduced with my colleague from the State of Wash-ington, D
EREK KILMER . 
I appreciate the support H.R. 1508, in-
corporated herein, has received from many members of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the thorough work and research of Sen-ators P
ATTY MURRAY and M ARCO RUBIO, 
who introduced identical legislation in the United States Senate. 
The SPACE Act also includes a provi-
sion which would streamline regula-tions and encourage cooperation be-tween government agencies’ commer-cial space activities to eliminate red tape and bureaucracy that are imped-ing development of America’s commer-cial space industry. 
The Federal Aviation Administra-
tion, the Department of Defense, the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, and other agencies are all involved in overseeing many com-mercial space launches, and sometimes there are duplicative measures that could be streamlined, cutting costs to both the Federal Government and com-mercial companies and making the United States companies more com-petitive in the global marketplace. 
Let me add that this bill includes a 
provision requiring the FAA to provide direction for space support vehicles, also known as experimental aircraft. Unfortunately, for too long, the FAA has held off providing direction by means of a regulatory framework for these endeavors to safely support the United States commercial space en-deavors. In Florida, there is such an entity, approved by NASA and oper-ating out of the Kennedy Space Center, 
which the FAA grounded because they use experimental aircraft. This is a tes-tament that FAA needs serious reform and needs to be brought into the 21st century. 
In short, the SPACE Act is a critical 
piece of legislation to the future of our commercial space industry, and it is important to our space exploration ef-forts as well. 
I thank my colleagues again for their 
work on the SPACE Act and urge all Members to support the rule today and passage of this important legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
M
ARCHANT ). Members are reminded to 
direct their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members in the second person. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), 
who is the ranking member on the Committee on Ways and Means and a good friend of mine. 
(Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-
mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LEVIN. I thank Mr. H
ASTINGS for 
yielding me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, this debate is not about 
support for the R&D credit. Democrats have a long track record of supporting 
the R&D tax credit. Indeed, I have often been the author of legislation to strengthen it. 
This debate, purely and simply, is 
about fiscal responsibility, about tak-ing one tax provision and making it permanent without paying one dime for it. 
When former Chairman Camp un-
veiled a tax reform proposal last year, 
he undertook a comprehensive consid-eration of the more than 50 tax provi-sions that expired at the end of last year, but in a fiscally responsible man-ner. 
b1315 
This bill does just the opposite. It 
continues a helter-skelter approach to-ward tax extenders, without any regard whatsoever for paying the hundreds of billions of dollars they cost to make them permanent. 
Last year, Ways and Means Repub-
licans passed 14 permanent extensions at a cost of $825 billion. They went no-where because the President has made clear his opposition to this approach. 
With this bill, this year’s price tag 
has reached $586.3 billion. It is particu-larly glaring that the majority is pass-ing unpaid-for tax cuts the very same week that they once again put off a long-term extension of highway fund-ing because they are unable to find a revenue stream. 
There is no lack of support for the 
R&D credit among us Democrats. It is the approach Republicans are taking that we oppose and strongly so. It is fiscally irresponsible indeed, and it would leave behind vital provisions that help hard-working American fami-lies, like the expansion of the earned income tax credit, the child tax credit, and the American opportunity tax credit. 
We stand ready to work with the ma-
jority on tax reform and on a long- term extension of highway funding. To-day’s R&D bill is tax reform in reverse. It makes talk of fiscal responsibility hypocrisy and creates another big fi-nancial pothole standing in the way of long-term highway funding. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule, and vote 
‘‘no’’ on the bill relating to R&D tax credits. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I stand 
steadfastly against not only the way in which we have been conducting busi-ness with regard to the way we report out rules, but also to both underlying bills for their partisan posturing and failure to address the important issues facing the middle class in this country. 
We cannot continue to provide tax 
credits without establishing a revenue offset, enact tax policies that favor a partisan agenda and push us further away from needed comprehensive tax reform, or offer legislative gifts to in-dustry giants at the expense of the American public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.021 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3407 May 20, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, Memorial Day is next 
Monday. If we defeat the previous ques-tion, I am going to offer an amendment 
to the rule to bring up Representative B
ROWNLEY ’s Help Hire Our Heroes Act, 
H.R. 607. 
H.R. 607 would reauthorize the Vet-
erans Retraining Assistance Program, which expired in March 2014. That pro-gram paid for veterans to get training for high-demand occupations, and dur-ing its 3 years in existence, it helped more than 76,000 veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question; vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bills. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I appreciate the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Florida, but I would like to respond to a few of the comments. 
The R&D tax credit has been over-
whelmingly supported for the last 16 extensions, the last time garnering 378 votes. Only 46 Members voted against the R&D tax credit. 
The R&D tax credit will be passed 
again. In fact, the gentleman from Michigan admitted, Mr. Speaker, that the vast majority of Democrats will vote to extend the R&D tax credit. In fact, they will do it every year for the next 10 years, like they have the last few years. When it is done every year, they don’t insist it is paid for. 
If you will do it for 10 years in a row 
without paying for it—the entire budg-et window—why don’t we just all cre-ate some certainty for our businesses so we can invest in high-tech jobs and growing our economy, Mr. Speaker? 
Let’s create certainty for the Amer-
ican people. Let’s pass the bill. Let’s pass the rule. Let’s pass the previous question. 
I think, unfortunately, the argu-
ments from the gentleman from Flor-ida, Mr. Speaker, really encourage cliff politics—high-stakes, expiring legisla-tion that the American people don’t want. The American people want us to create certainty. They want us to sup-port jobs. They want us to support our technological innovation in this coun-try, Mr. Speaker. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port the rule and support the under-lying bills, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I support 
the Rule on H.R. 2262, the Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneur-ship Act of 2015 (the SPACE Act of 2015). And I thank Majority Leader M
CCARTHY for 
sponsoring this important legislation. The space community is well served having Leader M
CCARTHY as a champion. 
This bill is the product of over three years 
of work. Congress solicited input from nearly every stakeholder group. That is reflected in 
the broad support that this bill has received. 
From industry, to education groups, to 
grassroots citizen advocacy groups, this bill has been praised by virtually every interested party. 
The process to getting here was inclusive 
and exhaustive. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee held numerous hear-ings on the topic over the last three years. 
On November 19, 2013, the Committee held 
a hearing on the commercial space industry. On February 14, 2014, the Committee held a hearing on updates to the Commercial Space 
Launch Act. On April 29, 2014, the Committee held a hearing on the Federal Aviation Admin-istration’s (FAA) space traffic management proposal and orbital debris. On February 27, 2015, the Committee held a hearing on the Commercial Crew program. 
Last October, staff formally submitted a draft 
to the minority. Within the last two months, the majority and minority have worked to write many of the provisions in the underlying bill. 
For instance, Section 101, which deals with 
Consensus Standards, is the result of bipar-tisan negotiations. The same can be said for Section 102, which calls for an update to the maximum probable loss calculation under in-demnification. 
Section 103, which pertains to Launch Vehi-
cle Flexibility, is identical to the bipartisan pro-vision sponsored by Senators H
EINRICH and 
RUBIO that easily passed the Senate Com-
merce Committee last year by voice vote. 
Section 104 clarifies the role of Government 
Astronauts and is almost identical to the provi-sion requested by the FAA and NASA. 
The minority also played a role in writing 
Section 108 on Orbital Traffic Management. Section 109 on State Commercial Spaceports also addressed bipartisan requests. 
Section 111 on the Streamlining of Com-
mercial Space Launch Activities is similar to language already in the Senate’s bill, and Sec-tion 112 was the result of an amendment in Committee that earned bipartisan support. 
Title 2 of the bill focuses on Space Re-
source Exploration and Utilization. As a stand-alone bill, it was the subject of a hearing last September and it is cosponsored by both Re-publicans and Democrats. It even has a Democratic champion on the Senate side, Senator M
URRAY . 
Title 3 of the bill addresses Commercial Re-
mote Sensing and also benefits from bipar-tisan co-sponsorship. When it was marked up in Committee last week, it enjoyed unanimous support. The same can be said of Title 4 of the bill that pertains to the Office of Space Commerce. 
At the Committee’s recent markup, eight 
amendments to the provisions we are consid-ering today were adopted—three of which were amendments offered by Democrats. 
The Rule before us today allows for consid-
eration of five Democratic amendments and two Republican amendments. The majority has gone out of its way to include the minority in this process. 
In fact, the Administration said in a state-
ment that it, ‘‘does not oppose House passage of the bill’’—a rarity for bills considered under a Rule. 
This bill facilitates a pro-growth environment 
for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment, cre-ating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and improving safety. The Act ensures American leadership in 
space and fosters the development of ad-vanced technologies. I urge my colleagues to support this Rule as well as the underlying bill, and I thank the Majority Leader once again for his initiative on this legislation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak on the rule for H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015. 
Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Con-
stitution states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries . . .’’ 
It does not say that the Congress shall have 
the right to ignore. 
The United States space program has ex-
isted for over half a century and my commit-ment to providing NASA with the resources to carry the agency forward with its ambitious agenda of research, exploration, and dis-covery is unwavering. 
NASA continues to push the boundaries of 
what is possible, keeping our Nation on the forefront of innovation and exploration. 
It is the responsibility of this Congress to 
ensure that the future of space exploration re-mains a part of our national destiny. 
It inspires our children to look to the stars 
and dream of what they too, one day, may achieve. 
The Jackson Lee Amendments made in 
order by the Rules Committee are intended to improve the Space Act. 
My amendments are simple and will im-
prove the bill. 
1. Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 2262 
This Jackson Lee Amendment Number 8, 
would facilitate the participation of HBCU, His-panic Serving Institutions, National Indian insti-tutions, in fellowships, work-study and employ-ment opportunities in the emerging commer-
cial space industry. 
My amendment would increase awareness 
among underrepresented groups in STEM em-ployment and education opportunities in the commercial space industry. 
One of the most enduring difficulties faced 
by underrepresented populations in the STEM field is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connection between STEM and employ-ment opportunities. 
In 2012, a survey found that despite the na-
tion’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math, the skills gap among the largest ethnic and ra-cial minorities groups remains stubbornly wide. 
Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 per-
cent, of the STEM workforce despite rep-resenting 28 percent of the U.S. population. 
2. Jackson Lee Amendment on Minority and 
Women Owned Businesses 
The Jackson Lee Amendment requires that 
provisions of the bill that address future legis-lation also lay the foundation for the commer-cial space industry include work on how to ef-fectively conduct outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities. 
I have worked hard to help small business 
owners to fully realize their potential. 
That is why I support entrepreneurial devel-
opment programs, including the Small Busi-ness Development Center and Women’s Busi-ness Center programs. 
These initiatives provide counseling in a va-
riety of critical areas, including business plan development, finance, and marketing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.023 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3408 May 20, 2015 
Outreach is key to developing healthy and 
diverse small businesses. 
There are approximately 6 million minority 
owned businesses in the United States, rep-resenting a significant aspect of our economy. 
According to the most recent available Cen-
sus data, minority owned businesses employ nearly 6 million Americans and generate $1 trillion dollars in economic output. 
Women owned businesses have increased 
20% between 2002 and 2007, and currently total close to 8 million. 
My home city of Houston, Texas, the home 
of the Johnson Space Center, is also home to more than 60,000 women owned businesses, and more than 60,000 African American owned businesses. 
Final Jackson Lee Amendment Seeks Fund-
ing To Continue Space Exploration R&D 
The taxpayer has invested in space explo-
ration for decades. 
This investment is reaping benefits for the 
commercial space industry today. 
3. The Jackson Lee Amendment not included 
in the Rule would have provided revenue for research and development work to continue on challenges that hinder manned and unmanned space flight. 
Many of the startup companies entering the 
space industry have few resources to dedicate to basic research. 
There are still critical areas of research that 
must be done to make space flight as safe as commercial transportation systems are today. 
Although commercial transportation is not 
100 percent without risk, it is much safer than it would have been without dedicated and fo-cused basic and applied research to address safety issues. 
While the government supports the aspira-
tions of companies large and small to become part of the commercial space industry, it should still be the responsibility of NASA to pursue research that can save lives and im-prove space travel. 
If the future we envision is one where thou-
sands of businesses will benefit from commer-cial and government space exploration and in-vestment efforts then investing today in tomor-row’s economy makes good sense. 
Although I believe the Jackson Lee Amend-
ments will improve the Bill, there exist troubling aspects of the bill: 
First, it is regrettable that the SPACE Act 
will restrict the ‘‘learning period’’ of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulation of spacecraft. 
This learning period should be extended for 
a shorter period than the ten-year extension through 2025 included in the bill. 
Second, a voluntary industry consensus 
standard would provide a strategy that im-proves the overall safety of the industry as op-posed to performance-based regulations. 
Finally, I have concerns about the ability of 
U.S. companies to move forward with innova-tive space initiatives without authority to en-sure continuing supervision of these initiatives as delineated in the Outer Space Treaty. 
Thus, I hope we can all work together in ad-
dressing these troubling aspects of the bill. 
I ask my colleagues to vote for the Jackson 
Lee Amendments. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 273 O FFERED BY  
MR. HASTINGS OF FLORIDA  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: SEC. 7. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 607) to amend the VOW to Hire Heroes Act of 2011 to extend the Vet-erans Retraining Assistant Program, and for other purposes. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
Sec. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 607. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . When the mo-
tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 183, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 250] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.014 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3409 May 20, 2015 
Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Capps Chaffetz Curbelo (FL) Donovan 
Frankel (FL) Larsen (WA) Tsongas 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1349 
Messrs. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New 
Mexico, TAKAI, and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall vote 250, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. BRADY 
of Pennsylvania was allowed to speak out of order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THOSE LOST IN THE  
PHILADELPHIA TRAIN DERAILMENT  
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, on Tuesday, May 12, we had a horrific train derailment crash in the city of Philadelphia. So first off, our thoughts and prayers are with the eight men and women who lost their lives and the over 200 who were injured. 
I have never been more proud of the 
men and women who live and work in the city of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love and sisterly affection. We had this major catastrophe at 9:15 at night. Within 4 minutes, our first re-sponders—our police, our fire, Police Commissioner Ramsey, Fire Commis-sioner Sawyer—were on the scene. 
The scene was in total darkness, and 
we had volunteers from the neighbor-hood who even joined in. Imagine, total darkness. The only light was flash-lights flashing back and forth. 
I stand here as proud as I could be of 
the mayor of the city of Philadelphia, Michael Nutter, who, from Tuesday until Sunday, was on that scene con-stantly, orchestrating the administra-tion people, moving them around, con-soling families, making sure that all were accounted for, and even making sure that their belongings were given back to them. 
I can’t be more proud of our hospitals 
and our universities. Universities opened their doors for loved ones to come. And our hospitals, the doctors, nurses, all the men and women who worked there—there were doctors who worked 30 hours and went back home and couldn’t sleep and came back to work another 12 hours. 
But most importantly, two things 
really struck me. Temple University Hospital in the city of Philadelphia had a lot of the injured people admitted to their hospital. The students who go to Temple University heard about it, jumped on their bicycles, and rode 
down to assist all those in the hospital, whether it be by pushing a gurney or whether it would be consoling a family member or putting a family member with a loved one. 
And the neighbors, the neighbors ran 
out—again, in total darkness. There were 200 people-plus injured. Neighbors ran through, helping out through all the soot, picking them up, pulling them out of the trains, bringing them into their house, bringing out water, going to a local store and buying water, bringing towels, wiping them down. 
One person said: 
I am sorry I am in your home. I am full of 
soot, and I am dirtying your rug and your couch. 
And in response, the lady said: 
That is okay. We can buy more couches, 
and we can buy more things, more whatever we need to buy. But you can’t buy your health back. So we want to be here to be able to help you in the best way we can. 
I am honored to be standing here 
with my colleagues from Pennsylvania and some others from throughout the country. Some lost a loved one. 
I am extremely proud to recognize 
Chairman J
EFF DENHAM and Ranking 
Member M IKECAPUANO , who assisted 
me and toured the site with me. I ap-preciate their concern, and I appreciate them being there. 
So, Mr. Speaker, the best way we can 
honor these men and women is to make sure this accident never again happens in the United States of America. 
With that, I ask for a moment of si-
lence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 185, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 251] 
AYES—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.006 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3410 May 20, 2015 
Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Latta LoBiondo Long 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Capps 
Chaffetz Deutch Donovan 
Hastings Tsongas Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1402 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AMERICAN RESEARCH AND 
COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 273, I call up the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to sim-plify and make permanent the research credit, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). Pursuant to House 
Resolution 273, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 114–127, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 880 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. RESEARCH CREDIT SIMPLIFIED AND 
MADE PERMANENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41(a) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 
38, the research credit determined under this section for the taxable year shall be an amount equal to the sum of— 
‘‘(1) 20 percent of so much of the qualified 
research expenses for the taxable year as ex-ceeds 50 percent of the average qualified re-search expenses for the 3 taxable years pre-ceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined, 
‘‘(2) 20 percent of so much of the basic re-
search payments for the taxable year as ex-ceeds 50 percent of the average basic re-
search payments for the 3 taxable years pre-ceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined, plus 
‘‘(3) 20 percent of the amounts paid or in-
curred by the taxpayer in carrying on any trade or business of the taxpayer during the taxable year (including as contributions) to an energy research consortium for energy re-search.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF TERMINATION .—Section 41 of 
such Code is amended by striking subsection (h). 
(c) C
REDIT ALLOWED AGAINST ALTERNATIVE  
MINIMUM TAX IN CASE OF ELIGIBLE SMALL  
BUSINESS .—Section 38(c)(4)(B) of such Code is 
amended by redesignating clauses (ii) through (ix) as clauses (iii) through (x), re-spectively, and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) the credit determined under section 41 
for the taxable year with respect to an eligi-ble small business (as defined in paragraph (5)(C), after application of rules similar to the rules of paragraph (5)(D)),’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 41(c) of such Code is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(c) D ETERMINATION OF AVERAGE RESEARCH  
EXPENSES FOR PRIOR YEARS .— 
‘‘(1) S PECIAL RULE IN CASE OF NO QUALIFIED  
RESEARCH EXPENDITURES IN ANY OF 3 PRE -
CEDING TAXABLE YEARS .—In any case in 
which the taxpayer has no qualified research expenses in any one of the 3 taxable years preceding the taxable year for which the credit is being determined, the amount de-termined under subsection (a)(1) for such taxable year shall be equal to 10 percent of the qualified research expenses for the tax-able year. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSISTENT TREATMENT OF EXPENSES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding wheth-
er the period for filing a claim for credit or refund has expired for any taxable year taken into account in determining the aver-age qualified research expenses, or average basic research payments, taken into account under subsection (a), the qualified research expenses and basic research payments taken into account in determining such averages shall be determined on a basis consistent with the determination of qualified research expenses and basic research payments, re-spectively, for the credit year. 
‘‘(B) P
REVENTION OF DISTORTIONS .—The 
Secretary may prescribe regulations to pre-vent distortions in calculating a taxpayer’s qualified research expenses or basic research payments caused by a change in accounting methods used by such taxpayer between the current year and a year taken into account in determining the average qualified re-search expenses or average basic research payments taken into account under sub-section (a).’’. 
(2) Section 41(e) of such Code is amended— (A) by striking all that precedes paragraph 
(6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(e) B
ASIC RESEARCH PAYMENTS .—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘basic research 
payment’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any amount paid in cash during such taxable year by a corporation to any quali-fied organization for basic research but only if— 
‘‘(A) such payment is pursuant to a written 
agreement between such corporation and such qualified organization, and 
‘‘(B) such basic research is to be performed 
by such qualified organization. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION TO REQUIREMENT THAT RE -
SEARCH BE PERFORMED BY THE ORGANIZA -
TION.—In the case of a qualified organization 
described in subparagraph (C) or (D) of para-graph (3), subparagraph (B) of paragraph (1) shall not apply.’’, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.009 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3411 May 20, 2015 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively, and 
(C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by re-designating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. 
(3) Section 41(f)(3) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(A)(i) by striking ‘‘, and the gross receipts’’ 
in subparagraph (A)(i) and all that follows through ‘‘determined under clause (iii)’’, 
(ii) by striking clause (iii) of subparagraph 
(A) and redesignating clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), thereof, as clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), re-spectively, 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and (iv)’’ each place it ap-
pears in subparagraph (A)(iv) (as so redesig-nated) and inserting ‘‘and (iii)’’, 
(iv) by striking subclause (IV) of subpara-
graph (A)(iv) (as so redesignated), by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A)(iv)(III) (as so redesignated) and inserting a period, and by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A)(iv)(II) (as so redesignated), 
(v) by striking ‘‘(A)(vi)’’ in subparagraph 
(B) and inserting ‘‘(A)(v)’’, 
(vi) by striking ‘‘(A)(iv)(II)’’ in subpara-
graph (B)(i)(II) and inserting ‘‘(A)(iii)(II)’’, 
(B) by striking ‘‘, and the gross receipts of 
the predecessor,’’ in subparagraph (A)(iv)(II) (as so redesignated), 
(C) by striking ‘‘, and the gross receipts 
of,’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(D) by striking ‘‘, or gross receipts of,’’ in 
subparagraph (B)(i)(I), and 
(E) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A
DJUSTMENTS FOR BASIC RESEARCH  
PAYMENTS .—In the case of basic research 
payments, rules similar to the rules of sub-paragraph (A) and (B) shall apply.’’. 
(4) Section 41(f)(4) of such Code is amended 
by striking ‘‘and gross receipts’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and basic research payments’’. 
(5) Section 45C(b)(1) of such Code is amend-
ed by striking subparagraph (D). 
(6) Section 45C(c)(2) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘base period research ex-
penses’’ and inserting ‘‘average qualified re-search expenses’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
BASE PERIOD RESEARCH EX -
PENSES ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘ AVER -
AGE QUALIFIED RESEARCH EXPENSES ’’. 
(7) Section 280C(c) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘basic research expenses 
(as defined in section 41(e)(2))’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘basic research payments (as defined in section 41(e)(1))’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘basic research expenses’’ 
in paragraph (2)(B) and inserting ‘‘basic re-search payments’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2014. 
(2) S
UBSECTION (b).—The amendment made 
by subsection (b) shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 3 BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act shall not 
be entered on either PAYGO scorecard main-tained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statu-tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN) and 
the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this is really simple. We 
have had the research and development tax credit in law since 1981. It has peri-odic expirations in it. Every time the law expires, we renew the law. Why? Because we think this is a good policy, and on a bipartisan basis our votes have always reflected that. 
We believe that since we renew this 
specifically 1 year at a time, it does not do very well in giving businesses the time to plan and the ability to con-sider long-term investments. They need certainty. One of the problems plaguing this economy is the lack of certainty. So what this bill does is it makes it permanent. This is something that we think ought to be a permanent feature of our Tax Code. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the arguments 
you are going to hear is, well, this has to be paid for. I want people to under-stand what that means when people say that. They are saying that to keep taxes where they are, we need to go raise them on other people. To put it another way, the minority is telling us they want a permanent extension of tax credits from the stimulus bill which was temporary, but they are say-ing if we make permanent provisions that have bipartisan support that are extended on an annual basis, if we make them permanent, all of a sudden we have to go raise taxes on some other hard-working Americans just to keep these taxes in place. 
I think that is incorrect. We don’t 
think it jibes with reality. More impor-tantly, we think it is very important, to help unleash job creation, to keep research and development jobs in America, that we make the research and development tax credit permanent. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON  
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that the ques-tion of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 880 may be subject to postpone-ment as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
at this time, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), the author of H.R. 880 and a 
Ways and Means Committee member, manage and control the remaining time for the majority. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. With that, 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to start by 
clarifying one thing. My friend from Wisconsin talked about what it means when you say ‘‘paid for.’’ What it means when you say ‘‘paid for’’ is you pay for the bill. There is a certain cost associated with any legislation that we do, and if we don’t pay for it, then it is added on to our deficits. So when we raise concerns about whether or not this tax bill or any other bill that comes to the floor for debate is paid for, the concerns that we are raising are in direct correlation to the fact that it needs to be paid for, not it needs to be added to the deficit or it needs to be added to our national debt. 
There is no debate on the issue of the 
merits of the R&D credit. A majority of my Democratic colleagues and I, too, believe in and support the R&D credit. It has proven to facilitate ad-vancements in new technologies, sparked new innovations, and creates good-paying jobs for hard-working Americans, and it benefits hard-work-ing American families. And it is crit-ical to helping U.S. companies inno-vate and compete in a global market-place. 
However, what we do object to is the 
approach by which this is being done. As I said, it is unpaid for, and it is out-side of tax reform. 
Last year, the previous chairman of 
the Ways and Means Committee, Chair-man Camp, unveiled a tax reform pro-posal that made the R&D credit perma-nent; but the cost of the provision was paid for. He did it responsibly. It was responsibly offset. This bill, like all the other individual tax bills we have considered thus far this year, does not pay for any of them; it does just the opposite. It continues a helter-skelter approach toward tax extenders without any regard for paying the hundreds of billions of dollars it costs to make them permanent. Moreover, it poisons the bipartisan process that is going to be critical if we are, in fact, going to get tax reform done. 
This political exercise that we are 
doing today shows the misplaced prior-ities of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Not only did they recently vote to raise taxes and cut programs for millions of hardworking American families in their budget resolution, they are also leaving behind important provisions to help them, like the ex-pansion of the earned income tax cred-it, the child tax credit, and the Amer-ican opportunity tax credit. 
When it comes to corporations and 
the wealthy, cost doesn’t seem to be a problem. Yet programs vital to the well-being of hard-working families and communities are significantly cut or done away with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.010 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3412 May 20, 2015 
What is particularly glaring is that 
we can’t even pass a long-term trans-portation bill, which is, by far, more 
important to our national security, our economic growth, and our competitive-ness. The reason we can’t pass it is be-cause the majority is unable to find a way to pay for it. 
Yet here we are taking up a bill that 
costs $181 billion. Add that to the other unpaid-for tax cut bills that this body has already passed this year, and we will have added $586 billion to the def-icit. That is almost half a trillion dol-lars. That is over half a trillion dollars. 
And what do we have to show for it? 
The President has already said that he is going to veto this bill, so what is the point? Why are we wasting the time and expense of debating this? It is going to be vetoed anyway. 
What we should be doing is working 
together to pass legislation that is vital to every congressional district’s long-term transportation bill and com-prehensive tax reform. 
Mr. Speaker, we stand ready to work 
with the majority on these important things. Today’s bill just takes us fur-ther away from that goal. Therefore, I ask that we vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill and make sure we vote for America. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
When it comes to research and devel-
opment initiatives, America is rapidly falling behind our global competitors. Unless the U.S. remains the world’s leading innovator, our economy will suffer while middle class families and talented college graduates will see jobs and opportunities lost to foreign coun-tries. Making permanent the tax incen-tive for companies to invest in research and development right here in the 
United States will ensure lifesaving technologies, state-of-the-art computer systems, and breakthroughs in manu-facturing products. 
While America once led the world in 
R&D incentives, the U.S. has now dropped to—get this—27th among our global competitors. America’s share of global research and development, while it is still big, has dropped from 39 per-cent, before the turn of this new cen-tury, to 31 percent. 
So look at China. By contrast, Chi-
na’s R&D spending has increased four-fold. It is poised to surpass that of America by 2022. 
Permanency provides certainty to 
U.S. innovators. It makes the Federal budget scorekeeping far more honest, and it removes the asterisk from this temporary provision so that progrowth tax reform can advance. 
This year, we have added a new pro-
vision that will allow eligible small businesses to count the credit against the AMT, the alternative minimum tax. This is an important provision to enable America’s newest innovators to develop even more cutting-edge, mar-ket-dominating technologies. 
I am proud to have worked on this 
important tax incentive with my friend J
OHN LARSON , a Democrat from Con-
necticut. The House passed this provi-sion with a strong bipartisan vote last year. 
While the economy is improving, 
there are millions of Americans still looking for full-time work and millions more middle class families whose pay-checks have been stagnant for years. If we want a permanently strong econ-omy, we need a permanent research and development tax credit. 
The time for excuses is over. Stand 
with innovation in America or stand with China and other countries with the R&D being shipped to the rest of the world. I say we stand with Amer-ica, our innovators, our college grad-uates, and our businesses. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ), 
former chair of the committee and a strong proponent of responsible tax policy. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I was lis-
tening to the eloquent words of my friend from Texas about the impor-tance of research and development, and I can’t think of any member on our committee that could not agree with him more. 
b1415 
While he was eloquently speaking 
about how important it was to our great Nation, I was even thinking about our trade bill if this is packaged in such a way that we would have our workforce with the backup of research and development, a trade bill that would include in it educational possi-bilities for the workforce, that would have infrastructure there and would have America knowing that we just weren’t talking about success of the corporations, but for success of Amer-ica. 
Also, the part that he mentioned— 
continuity—so that our businesspeople would know exactly what they could depend on. I just can’t, for the life of me, see how they will know which part of the Tax Code or which week that we intend to bring up knowing it is going to be vetoed, if really in our hearts what we want is continuity. There is only one way to get continuity, and that is to review the Tax Code, to re-form the Tax Code. 
If you take out all of the gems just to 
get a ‘‘no’’ vote against it politically, you are really harming bipartisanship. That is what we need; that is what the Tax Code needs; that is what our coun-try needs, a Tax Code that eliminates all of the loopholes, and concentrate on those things our country needs. 
Of course, if politics is more impor-
tant than policy, if all we are trying to do is play ‘‘I gotcha,’’ if all we want to say is we love research and develop-ment, but we know darn well politi-cally it is not going to pass, if we are going to say that we all want reform, but now that we have both Houses Re-publican—House and the Senate—but we dare not talk about tax reform, 
well, I don’t think we want to play this political game. 
What we do want to do—and I want 
to agree with the majority—research and development is what keeps Amer-ica competitive. It should not be played with. It should not be politicalized. It should be a part of the tax reform bill. 
If you can’t do it when you have con-
trol of the Finance Committee in the Senate and refuse to do it when you are in charge of the Ways and Means Com-mittee and have a President that is calling out for overall comprehensive fairness and equity and tax reform, it is painful to see how the eloquence of love for this country can be distorted by having votes on legislation that we know is never to become law. 
I say, as I take my seat, I am not giv-
ing up on tax reform. I hope that the Republicans come together and have a meaningful bill not for our committee, but for our conscience. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 15 seconds. 
The President has threatened to veto 
this bill. The question is clear: Why is the President standing for those who would ship jobs overseas? Why isn’t he standing with Republicans and Demo-crats in Congress in this House to keep those jobs in research here in America? 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ), a 
new member of the Ways and Means Committee, who understands research and development in the Triangle of North Carolina. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank Chairman B
RADY for offering 
this important piece of legislation. 
The research and development credit 
plays a crucial role in the continued economic growth of our Nation, spur-ring innovation and supporting high- skilled, high-paying jobs. 
Innovation has been a huge driver of 
growth in my district. Because of the breakthrough technologies coming out of Research Triangle Park, North Caro-lina has become a leader in American innovation. 
In and around my district, I have 
seen how important the R&D credit has been to our Nation’s innovative compa-nies, like Biogen, Cisco, GSK, SAS, UTC, and Siemens, amongst a host of others. I urge my colleagues to support such companies and their employees and the families of those employees by making this important credit perma-nent. 
Right now, Mr. Speaker, a growing 
number of foreign countries are in-creasing innovation and advancing manufacturing by providing generous 
and permanent R&D tax credits along with lower corporate tax rates. 
In fact, according to an OECD study, 
the U.S. ranks 22nd in research incen-tives among industrialized countries. We owe our innovators better, and in order to remain a leader in the increas-ingly global economy, we must con-tinue to support and incentivize re-search and innovation here in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.030 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3413 May 20, 2015 
Passage of this bill will provide com-
panies and researchers with the cer-tainty and support they need to keep America and my district and North Carolina in the forefront of global in-novation and send a strong message that we stand behind the groundbreaking research being con-ducted by our Nation’s innovators. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this 
bill. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to point out that the 
President is standing with those of us who support the R&D credit, but he wants it done responsibly. He wants it paid for, and he wants it part of tax re-form. Just like all of us, we support the R&D credit. We want it paid for, and we want it part of tax reform. 
To suggest that voting against this is 
standing with China, I find somewhat an ironic statement made by my friend from Texas, given the fact that China already holds so much of the U.S. debt. All this does is empower them more, give them more of our debt. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, there is 
one type of innovation in which these Republicans are truly unexcelled— there is no competition. And that is the innovation in names, in naming these bills. 
They salute climate deniers and The 
Flat Earth Society by slashing funding for earth science that is strongly op-posed by geophysicists and one aca-demic after another. What do they call it? The ‘‘America COMPETES Act.’’ 
On this measure, its companion, they 
borrow almost $200 billion from anyone who will lend it to us to give mostly to the largest corporations, largely for doing research that they would be doing, even if they weren’t rewarded. And they call that the ‘‘American Re-search and Competitiveness Act.’’ Now, that is true innovation. They don’t need a credit; they ought to get a prize for being contortionists when it comes to labeling these measures. 
This particular bill just digs us deep-
er and deeper into debt, while adding very little to our research capability. That is truly unfortunate, since Amer-ica’s future competitiveness is in jeop-ardy. And that is outlined this very day in ‘‘Innovation Lies on Weak Foun-dation,’’ a New York Times economic column. 
As Eduardo Porter notes, ‘‘Invest-
ment in research and development has flatlined over the last several years as a share of the economy . . . other coun-tries are now leaving the United States behind . . . government budgets for basic research, the biggest source of fi-nancing for scientific inquiry . . . fell in 2013 to substantially below its level 10 years earlier.’’ 
Indeed, the Republican budget makes 
significant cuts to research, including hundreds fewer research grants that the President sought at both the Na-tional Institutes of Health and the Na-
tional Science Foundation. I think we need more than another Ice Bucket Challenge to fund research for cures for cancer and diabetes, ALS, AIDS, and the like. We need the resources to tackle problems that are touching every family in this country. 
Unfortunately, this R&D credit that 
is being made permanent without re-form has required American taxpayers to subsidize the development of elec-tronic cigarettes and other products to addict our children to nicotine, instead of using those dollars to fight those dreaded diseases to which nicotine con-tributes. 
Corporate research generally is fo-
cused more and more on the next quar-ter’s reports to Wall Street to which excessive corporate compensation is tied, instead of focusing on basic re-search. Porter concludes in the same article that this particular bill is ‘‘un-likely to help much.’’ And he notes the conclusion of the Congressional Re-search Service, an objective source, that this regularly renewed credit ‘‘de-livered, at most, a modest stimulus to domestic business R&D investment from 2000–2010.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I yield 
the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DOGGETT. I support a perma-
nent research and development credit to incentivize more research. The ques-tion is: How do we pay for it, and how do we ensure that it actually encour-ages more jobs, leads to more research and more economic development, in-stead of just giving a reward to those who are already doing something in this area to advance their product? 
Nothing, of course, prevents multi-
nationals from taking the credit and then putting the patent or the copy-right in some foreign tax haven and avoiding paying their American taxes, another reform that is necessary. 
We should reject this proposal in 
favor of a strong research credit that actually incentivizes necessary re-search here in America and which is paid for, in part, by comprehensive re-form of this very credit. Surely, we don’t need any more research today to know that today’s bills are the wrong way to go for America. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), 
one of our leaders of the Ways and Means Committee, who understands you can’t keep making excuses about bringing R&D to America; you have to act. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his leadership on this legislation and on the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, America 
has long been a place where an idea that is thought up in a garage or in the backyard can become the next revolu-tion in manufacturing or the next life-saving technology. We need a Tax Code that promotes 
innovation, that promotes entrepre-neurship, that promotes growth. We need a Tax Code that allows the inven-tors and the dreamers with a good idea to be able to go out there and succeed. 
This is critical legislation that 
comes at a very critical time. Modern-izing and making the research and de-velopment tax credit permanent will ensure that the United States remains competitive in the global marketplace. 
It has been around since 1981; it has 
been renewed 16 times, but when you renew a credit for 1 year, for 2 years, or you make it retroactive, that doesn’t work very well for some companies that are allocating their capital for 5 or 10 years on the horizon that want to invest in research and development. 
In Minnesota, we are the home to 400 
medical device companies. Research and development is their lifeblood, and these manufacturers use research and development to invent new devices, new techniques, new procedures. These companies are also a very essential component to our economy in Min-nesota and also around the United States. 
We should be making America the 
number one destination to create and grow a business. Making the research and development credit permanent will provide our Nation’s innovators that incentive and that certainty that they need to develop the next big idea and help America win the future. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), a distinguished member of 
our Ways and Means Committee, from a district filled with innovators, all of whom would benefit from doing this policy the right way. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy. 
I was listening to my dear friend, the 
gentleman from Texas, who is man-aging the bill for our Republican friends, and I was struck for a moment when he talked about the disadvantage vis-a-vis China, how—in a few years— we are going to slip behind China in R&D development. 
He talked about the hundreds of 
thousands of jobs that could be made available if we were able to redouble our efforts in research and develop-ment and the concerns about the over-all slippage of the United States into the middle of the pack when it comes to research. 
I was struck by those words. For a 
moment, I thought he was talking about the United States infrastructure because we don’t have to wait for 3 or 4 or 5 years to slip behind China; we are already being overshown by their ef-forts. We are investing less than 2 per-cent of our gross domestic product in infrastructure; the Chinese are invest-ing 8 percent or more. 
The United States once had the fin-
est infrastructure in the world—not anymore. Those international ratings that my good friend from Texas talked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.032 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3414 May 20, 2015 
about are very much the case for our 
infrastructure. We have dropped from 1st to 5th to 16th to 27th. 
I want to know where the alarm for 
my Republican friends is about our falling behind while America falls apart. 
b1430 
We are going to pass before the year 
is out the research and development credit. I hope we do it the right way, but we will do it. 
What we haven’t done in the 55 
months since the Republicans took control of the House of Representatives is we have not had a single hearing on how we are going to finance our crum-bling infrastructure—not one. In the meantime, we are told that this is off the table, that the gas tax is off the table. We are going to do some smoke and mirrors or something. We just passed the 33rd short-term extension of the surface transportation bill. 
What country became great in having 
built its infrastructure 9 months at a time? 
While my Republican friends refuse 
to even consider the gas tax that Ron-ald Reagan championed—in fact, urged and Congress more than doubled under his watch—in the last 6 months, we have had Georgia, Utah, South Dakota, Nebraska, Idaho, and Iowa all raise their gas taxes, hoping that the Fed-eral Government will meet its obliga-tions and be a partner in rebuilding and in renewing America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Where is the 
sense of urgency for the cost to fami-lies who are having $300 a year or more in damage to their cars? The fact that we are not being able to move product because we are stuck in traffic? Then our ports, our airports, our roads, our rail—we just had an example of its in-stability—where is the urgency? 
I would, respectfully, suggest that we 
reject this wrongheaded approach and deal with real tax reform and the R&D tax credit. But in the meantime, maybe the Ways and Means Committee could find a week that we could spend working together to rebuild and renew America. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD), a new 
member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee who comes from a research- driven State. 
Mr. DOLD. I want to thank my good 
friend from Texas for his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to just address 
my good friend from Oregon to say, as someone on this side of the aisle, I, too, sense an urgency on transportation and infrastructure. I know that we need to step up and do something about it so that we can have a robust economy, so that we can be moving our goods and services around. I do look forward to our working on tax reform, but, today, 
we are talking about research and de-velopment. 
As we talk about certainty, certainly 
we need certainty with regard to our transportation and infrastructure sys-tem, but we need certainty when it comes to research and development. Businesses all across our country, as they are looking to try to create that next new product, as they are looking to innovate, as they are looking to cre-ate that next new thing in order to im-prove the lives of individuals and to en-hance our Nation, they need to have that certainty to be able to look around the corner. 
We are moving forward on research 
and development a step at a time. We are reauthorizing it a year at a time. Sometimes we are doing it retro-actively, which means that those busi-nesses don’t have the ability to plan and oftentimes don’t. They are happy to take the tax relief, but they are not really willing to plan and invest in it, oftentimes having, year after year, pro-grams in which they are investing bil-lions of dollars, creating thousands of jobs. 
Innovation, Mr. Speaker, is some-
thing that we should all be united be-hind. We want to innovate here in the United States. We want to create things here in the United States. We do not want to have a research and devel-opment situation which really fosters innovation outside of the United States. Yes, we have slipped behind, and Republicans and Democrats alike want to make sure that the United States is leading the charge. We need to be globally competitive. We are not in a domestic economy—we are in a global economy. If we want to be glob-ally competitive, we cannot be ranked 22nd when it comes to research incen-tives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I come from 
a northern district in Illinois. We are the fourth-largest manufacturing dis-trict in the Nation. Yes, we rely on that infrastructure because we need to know how our raw materials come in, how our finished product goes out, and how we move people around. We also realize that those manufacturers rely on that research and development tax credit in order to innovate, in order to create that next new thing, that next new innovation. If we don’t do it in the United States, they will be doing it elsewhere. 
Mr. Speaker, I just got back from 
Israel. One of the things that struck me as I swung by one of their compa-nies is that they had a sign out front that read: ‘‘Where Innovation Never Stops.’’ 
We either choose to innovate here, or 
they will do it elsewhere. This is a bi-partisan initiative, and I ask my col-leagues to support this initiative. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to point out that my 
friend who just spoke said that he, too, believes in transportation, that we should be working on transportation and tax reform, but that, today, we are talking about the R&D credit. 
Mr. Speaker, the majority party sets 
the agenda. The reason we are not talking about transportation or tax re-form is that they don’t want to talk about it. They set the agenda. They are the ones who decided that today we were going to do this irresponsible tax bill rather than look at comprehensive tax reform or look at transportation funding for our crumbling infrastruc-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. B
ECERRA ), my colleague and 
friend and the chair of the Democratic Caucus. 
Mr. BECERRA. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s make sure we get 
something straight. I don’t think there is a Member here on the floor who doesn’t agree that we want to invest in research and development so that we keep that innovation here at home and create jobs that pay well here at home. We all want to incentivize that job cre-ation. We all want to make sure that the economy grows in the future. That is not what is at issue here. What is at issue is that this bill sends exactly the wrong message about our commitment to invest not just in our future but in our children and in what we call the middle class and the American Dream. 
See, there is a cost involved in doing 
research and development tax credits. That is a tax break. We are willing to give companies a tax break that the families who are up in this gallery won’t get. When they file their taxes, they won’t get to write off some of their costs for doing certain things be-cause they are not companies, and they are not doing research and develop-ment. 
We, as a community, as a country, 
are saying it is valuable to give a coun-try a tax break to do that research that gives us the next invention. Great, but there is a cost. How much? $180 bil-lion. It ain’t free. We have got to pay for it. So it is not an issue of not sup-porting research and development; it is wanting to be responsible and wanting to be honest with the American people in saying let’s pay for it. Democrats are saying we can pay for it. Let’s close those tax breaks that are essentially tax loopholes that everyone in America would agree are not fair. Use the money you save from closing tax loop-holes to pay for something we all want, which is research and development tax credits. 
Now, this isn’t free. If we don’t pay 
for it, what happens? Guess what? You don’t want to pay for it? You know this is going to cost three times more than what we spend on our veterans. So we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.042 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3415 May 20, 2015 
are going to say, Veterans, you 
shouldn’t get any services because we had to do this research and develop-ment tax credit, and we didn’t pay for it. 
Perhaps you want to tell that to all 
of those folks who are looking for the cure for cancer or for the cure for dia-betes. Guess what? We are spending about three times as much with this research and development tax credit— unpaid for—than what we pay for all of that medical research we do through the National Institutes of Health. This is not free. 
Student loans. How many folks have 
to worry about paying for their student loans for their kids to go to college? Guess what? The cost of this bill is about what it would cost to continue the programs that we have in place for our kids who go on to college so we can keep the cost of student loans low. You want to eliminate that so people have to pay a lot more—market rate inter-est rates—for those student loans? Guess what? That is what we would have to do. 
There are consequences. If we are 
going to get away from deficit spend-ing, you have got to pay for things. If you think it is a priority, then let’s pay for it, but don’t act like you can do these things for free. They cost money. All we are saying is let’s pay for what we all agree is important—a research and development tax credit for compa-nies that will do that research here in America. Let’s not try to hoodwink the American public. This is not free. It is the right thing to do. Just about every American family would say, Guess what? Maybe I have to pay a few more dollars in taxes, but I am keeping that American company here, investing in innovation here, creating jobs in Amer-ica. 
Priorities. Let’s make the tough 
choices. Let’s vote against this and vote for a bill that actually pays for the cost of something we want to do with the research and development tax credit. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), the majority leader of the United 
States House of Representatives. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to take a moment to thank the gentleman from Texas for his leader-ship. 
Mr. Speaker, I have listened to a lot 
of speakers on this floor. What is the cost not to invest in the future? There are 4 out of 10 graduates out of college today who can’t find a job. How do you pay for that? 
You look towards the future. I will 
tell you many in this country have fol-lowed the innovators in our history. Mr. Speaker, one happened to be Ste-ven Jobs. Steven Jobs said that innova-tion distinguishes between a leader and a follower. 
That is true with people, and it is 
also true with countries. America leads because we take the principles of our 
past, and we apply them to a changing future. We are the pioneers who always look to the next frontier, ready to challenge what others believe is impos-sible. Innovation is key to our leader-ship and is essential to our economic prosperity in an increasingly competi-tive 21st century. What Washington 
needs to understand is that the great-est innovations don’t come from Wash-ington—they come from the people. 
It reminds me of what was going on 
in the early 1900s in this country. Washington wanted to figure out the invention of flight, so the wisdom of government said, ‘‘Let’s just pay Sam-uel Langley to discover how to fly,’’ but we all knew what came true. We watched two brothers who owned a bi-cycle store take to the skies from a small field in Kitty Hawk, trans-forming what we know of today. 
The R&D tax credit harnesses that 
American spirit. It makes space for the American people to lead us into the fu-ture. When Ronald Reagan first signed the R&D tax credit into law, he knew it would grow our economy and make America strong because it put our faith in the country’s greatest assets—its people and the future. 
Mr. Speaker, today, we are voting to 
make this tax credit permanent. I think that is very good policy. I also think it shows what our values are. It shows that it is everyday heroes who can lead us into the future of tomor-row. So I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I urge my colleagues to give the American people the tools to move America forward. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), 
the Democratic leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. I thank Mr. T HOMPSON and 
the ranking member, Mr. L EVIN, and 
members of the committee for bringing clarity to this debate today. 
Mr. Speaker, Democrats have always 
believed that innovation is what keeps America number one. I think that that is a view that is shared by all of us in the Congress. Our commitment on our side of the aisle, I know, is to science and to research and development, which create jobs, launch entire new industries, and give the miraculous power to cure. 
For Americans to continue to lead in 
the 21st century, for us to meet the challenges of our time, for us to secure a strong and sustainable future for America’s families and the next gen-eration, we must commit to fueling the engines of innovation. 
When President Kennedy challenged 
Americans to reach for the Moon, he reminded us that America must lead in innovation: 
The vows of this Nation can only be ful-
filled if we are first, and, therefore, we in-tend to be first. Our leadership in science and in industry, our hopes for peace and se-curity, our obligations to ourselves as well as to others, all require us to make this ef-fort. However, according to the American 
Academy of Arts and Sciences, these days, the United States has dropped to 10th place in national R&D investment as a percentage of the GDP. 
As their report makes clear: 
Unless basic research becomes a higher 
government priority than it has been in re-cent decades, the potential for fundamental scientific breakthroughs and future techno-logical advances will be severely con-strained. 
Instead of meeting this urgent need 
and challenge, Republicans are coming to the floor of this House today with not one but two bills that do violence to that aspiration. 
b1445 
First of all, we have the so-called Re-
publican R&D bill, a completely un-paid-for, permanent, and deficit-ex-ploding tax extension. Democrats sup-port the R&D tax credit, and we will be offering a motion to recommit for a 2- year extension to give Congress— Democrats and Republicans—time to work together to pass comprehensive tax reform that closes loopholes and pays for making this tax credit perma-nent. 
With this bill alone, Republicans will 
explode the deficit by $182 billion. This is just a part of a larger package of per-manent, completely unpaid-for Repub-lican tax measures this year that will add almost $600 billion to the deficit— over half a trillion dollars added to the deficit—including this bill, their bill to hand $269 billion to the 5,400 richest families in America. 5,400 families, and their estate tax bill would be getting the benefit of $269 billion paid for by the middle class in our country, depriv-ing us of investments in our children’s future. 
The fact is that House Republicans 
have spent this entire Congress blow-ing up the deficit with unpaid-for tax giveaways overwhelmingly tilted to-ward wealthy special interests. My col-leagues, hear this: it is worth noting that this bill on the floor has nothing to do with enterprising startups that are unable to claim the R&D tax cred-it. Some of you have said to me: Well, we have all these startups in my dis-trict. By and large, they cannot benefit from this bill the way it is written. 
We would like to have written our 
motion to recommit to go further, to do that, but the Parliamentarians say, because you prevent it in your base bill, we can’t go further. 
This is what is really stunning in the 
look of it all. On the same day as you are saying we are going to do a gotcha bill on R&D and challenge you all who support R&D not to vote for our ap-proach, on the very same day—lest anybody think that this is an over-whelming interest in R&D on the Re-publican side of the aisle—Republicans are bringing to the floor a COMPETES Act that completely undermines every-thing to do with science and innova-tion in our country. It completely up-sets our Innovation Agenda. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.034 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3416 May 20, 2015 
In the 110th Congress we put forth 
the Innovation Agenda, a bill devel-oped in a totally nonpartisan way. A
NNAESHOO , ZOELOFGREN , and George 
Miller took the lead going across the country, getting input, nonpartisan input, academic input, venture capital input, technological input, into an In-novation Agenda. That Innovation Agenda really calls for making perma-nent and modernizing the R&D tax credit. We see the relationship between science, technology, innovation, and progress to keep America number one with R&D tax credits, but not done this way as we do here. 
This is a trap in order to keep us 
from investing in Innovation Agenda, and that was something that Bart Gor-don, as chair of the Science and Tech-nology Committee, fought for and achieved. ARPA-E, you know that, to name one thing. But instead, today, Republicans are bringing a bill that to-tally does violence to all this. I hope Members will listen to and support the alternative presented by Congress-woman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , our 
ranking member on the committee. 
But, anyway, the original COM-
PETES Act by the Democratic Con-gress was supported by an over-whelming number of Republicans. A majority of the Republicans defied their leadership and voted for the COM-PETES Act in the 110th Congress, and that original bill passed in a bipartisan way. We laid the foundation for new in-dustries that provide jobs for our work-ers, that open new markets for Amer-ican products, that ensure that we con-tinue to ‘‘rise above the gathering storm.’’ Norm Augustine and others led the way to show what the gathering storm was unless we made those in-vestments in science and technology. As I said, we created ARPA-E, so im-portant. 
This Republican bill betrays every-
thing that the COMPETES Act did. The Republican bill betrays everything that the COMPETES Act did. It is an assault on science and a plan to sur-render American leadership on innova-tion. Instead of investing in research and development, their bill slashes funding for essential initiatives at the National Science Foundation, the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, the Department of En-ergy research. 
It cuts energy efficiency and renew-
able energy R&D by $496 million. It is huge, half-a-billion-dollar cut, nearly 30 percent below what was appropriated last year. It cuts ARPA-E by $140 mil-lion, 50 percent below the level in the Energy and Water Appropriations bill passed last week. 
Most insidiously, Republicans are at-
tacking science they don’t even want to hear. Just because you don’t want to hear it doesn’t mean it isn’t true. In this COMPETES bill that they are pre-senting, they are trying to silence the climate, environmental, and social science they have consistently tried to ignore. The Republican bill goes so far 
as to forbid Federal agencies such as EPA and FERC from using any re-search funded or developed by DOE, a brazen attempt to divorce their deci-sions from scientific inquiry. 
So again, the very idea that, on this 
floor today, they come out with this masquerade of R&D tax credits, $182 billion added to the deficit, with the impression that they care about R&D. R&D into what? R&D into nothing that is about innovation to keep America number one. These Republican bills represent a perfect manifestation of Republican trickle-down economics. 
The choice that our country has to 
make in the economy as we go forward is trickle-down economics versus mid-dle class economics. Trickle-down theories have not worked. They are what got us in trouble in 2008, and it is exactly what the Republicans are try-ing to take us back to. Today is one manifestation of that. 
Republicans are seeking to ransack 
our Nation’s investments in the future, our commitment to science, our com-mitment to our children’s education, our commitment to bigger paychecks, and our commitment to better infra-structure for every American family. 
We need to come together in a bipar-
tisan way, and that is very possible. We did it with the COMPETES Act before. To pay for R&D tax credit extension, we need to reject this Republican as-sault on science that will happen later today. We need to invest in the future of innovation of our country, of hard- working American families. We need to reject failed trickle-down economic theories and accept that the success of our Nation depends on bigger pay-checks for America’s working families. R&D tax credits made permanent and modernized are a significant part of that, but they are not a part of it if they take us deeper into debt, pre-venting us from making the invest-ments in the future. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this fiscally irresponsible R&D bill, ‘‘no’’ on their destructive COMPETES Act, and ‘‘yes’’ on the proposal made by Congresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON , who I thank for her great 
leadership for keeping America number one. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank Mr. B RADY for 
yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to remind 
my colleagues on the other side that, under the leadership of the former pre-senter, almost a trillion dollars was spent on a stimulus package with noth-ing to show for it. 
I was in the business world then, and 
I have been in the business world 37 years. The reason I ran for Congress was to bring real-world experience to this body. That is why I rise today in support of H.R. 880. The reason for that is because, when you invest and you in-vest properly, there is a return. Those families find jobs, and that is what this 
bill is about. 
H.R. 880 is to simplify and make per-
manent the research and development tax credit. Despite the fact that the re-search tax credit has been extended 16 times since its enactment, it remains a temporary measure. It is very difficult to plan based on temporary measures. Clearly, it is high time that we provide certainty for innovators in Georgia and across the Nation by making this tax credit permanent. 
Innovation is the lifeblood of the 
small-business community, which em-ploys over 70 percent of the workforce. Innovation in the private sector is es-sential to driving our economy forward and in fostering growth and creating jobs for Americans now and in the fu-ture. It is our duty in Congress to incentivize businesses so that innovators and entrepreneurs can do what they do best and fill the ever growing demand for jobs across our great Nation. 
We have so many capable men and 
women willing to work, so let’s get out of the way of the entrepreneurial American spirit and pass H.R. 880. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I just want to point out that small businesses and the startups are disadvantaged if this bill passes. They can’t take advantage of this real-world experience and business-world experi-ence. I am here to tell you, as a small- business person, if you don’t pay your bills, you go out of business. The leader had mentioned that this bill is going to cost $181 billion, but, Mr. Speaker and Members, if you add that $181 billion to everything else that the majority has passed in regard to unpaid-for tax cuts, that number jumps to $586.3 billion of unpaid-for tax policy. 
Now it is my pleasure to yield 3 min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), a distinguished 
member of our Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman from California for yielding me time. I also want to thank Representa-tive B
RADY for his characterization of 
my State, the State of Illinois, as being research driven, and indeed it is. I am also proud to know that, from the time I have been here, I have always been number one or number two in our dele-gation of supporting research, so I am research oriented. 
It amazes me how much doubletalk 
we engage in. We talk a great deal about deficit reduction and reducing spending, and yet, at the same time, we are passing a bill that is not paid for while we cut greatly needed programs and activities that could give balance to individuals all over the country who are just simply trying to survive and to make it, activities like Medicaid and SNAP. 
In my communities and in many oth-
ers throughout America, we are strug-gling right now with the idea of how do you develop summer work opportuni-ties for young adults so that we could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.036 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3417 May 20, 2015 
have a real attack on some of the rash 
of violence and activity that we see ap-proaching and being engaged in throughout urban America. 
I have always been in favor of re-
search and development, and I have al-ways been in favor of using tax incen-tives as a way of spurring economic de-velopment and stimulating the econ-omy. But, you know, I am also inter-ested in passing credits. I am inter-ested in credits for businesses. We have talked about businesses. Well, let’s pass some credits so that businesses can hire hard-to-employ individuals, so that they can hire these young people looking for summer jobs, for something to do. 
So I am in favor of credits, but I am 
not in favor of a bill that is not paid for, a bill that will not be comprehen-sive across the board, and a bill that will put more wealth in the pockets of the 1 percent and do nothing to aid the overall economy. 
b1500 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OON-
EY). 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, President Ronald Reagan once observed that the government’s view of the economy is pretty simple: ‘‘If it moves, tax it.’’ 
Well, today, more than ever, Presi-
dent Reagan’s words ring true. Taxes are prohibitively high. We can take a step in a new direction by passing H.R. 880, the American Research and Com-petitiveness Act of 2015. This legisla-tion is simple; it will make the R&D tax credit permanent. By doing so, we reduce the amount of taxes that Amer-ica’s innovators pay by providing a 20 percent credit on research expenses. 
According to a recent study, this pol-
icy will increase overall investment in research by $33 billion and result in 300,000 research-related jobs. In prac-tical terms, this means that a small business in the beautiful State of West Virginia—which I represent—or where you live that spends $5 million a year on research could be eligible for a $500,000 tax credit. 
That is enough money to hire 10 new 
employees at $50,000 a year. We are talking about 10 new, hard-working American taxpayers. We are talking about men and women who are given the dignity of work. They will pay taxes rather than possibly take govern-ment assistance. 
When I ran for office, I promised 
West Virginians that I would fight for policies that create jobs and bring eco-nomic freedom back to America. This bill takes us a step in that direction. I encourage my colleagues to vote for it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, how much time do I have re-maining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) 
has 6 minutes remaining. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) has 14 
minutes remaining. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support, as I 
said earlier, of the R&D tax credit. My colleagues on this side of the aisle sup-port the R&D tax credit. As we have been saying here today on the floor, it is an important credit that is vital to our global competitiveness, job and economic growth, and maintaining our position as the world’s leader in inno-vation. 
As I have also stated—and I will say 
it again—this bill isn’t paid for. The majority is adding $181 billion to the deficit with just this one bill. This is fiscally irresponsible. 
What I haven’t been able to under-
stand—and I am having trouble today trying to figure it out—is how we can pass bills that help corporations and the wealthy, adding the cost of that to the deficit, but then turn around and try to balance the budget and close the deficit on the backs of hard-working American families. 
They are trying to do this by cutting 
the programs we need to grow our economy, like education and infra-structure. We have an infrastructure bill that we are still waiting for a hear-ing on, which we are still waiting to see scheduled. 
It is a double standard; it is hypo-
critical, and it is harmful to the people that all of us represent. We are ready and willing to work with the majority to strengthen the economy, including progrowth reforms that benefit busi-nesses and comprehensive tax reform that will benefit all of America, but this is the wrong approach, and we should not be party to this political gamesmanship that is taking place on the floor today. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I think one of the big problems with 
Washington is that everyone finds ex-cuses not to do the right thing. The truth is we need research and develop-ment here in America, not overseas. We need the jobs that come with that here in America, not overseas. We 
need, frankly, the future of America here, rather than overseas. Republicans and Democrats both agree on that; both sincerely agree on that. Today, we heard excuses, and we will hear ex-cuses. 
We are told this doesn’t fund infra-
structure. It doesn’t. This is about funding the infrastructure of research and development and innovation, but not through the government. This is through our entrepreneurs, like Apple and Microsoft, and all the new research and groundbreaking drugs and medical breakthroughs. That is how we are funding the infrastructure of our fu-ture. Roads and bridges, we will tackle in another bill. 
We are told this isn’t comprehensive 
tax reform. No, it is not. It is a critical step forward in that by taking a provi-
sion that has been temporary far too long and making it a permanent part of our Tax Code so that we can invest in R&D with certainty, so we can have honest scorekeeping in our budget, and so we can take that first step toward real, comprehensive progrowth tax re-form. 
We are told today, as we have heard 
in the past, that it is not paid for, but in fact, to the extensions since 1981, these provisions haven’t been paid for. Our Democrat friends passed these bills and supported them. They weren’t paid for. We have done the same. It was 1 year or 2 years at a time. To say this is fiscally irresponsible, when they voted so many times to do the same thing, seems to me to be another ex-cuse. 
The cost of doing this permanently is 
no more than the cost of doing it 1 or 2 years at a time. To think otherwise is sort of in the line of saying: You know, that dessert doesn’t have calories if I eat it standing up. 
Well, the cost of R&D is the same, 
but the cost of not making it perma-nent is very much not the same. We know the impact will be fewer jobs here in America, more R&D in China, and we will lose our lead in the world as the world’s innovator. 
No more excuses—what we are look-
ing for today is a bipartisan effort to make sure those jobs are here in Amer-ica, that our companies have a chance to invest more and more and more each year. That is what we want them to do. 
We want to give college graduates 
hope. As the majority leader from Cali-fornia noted, 4 out of 10 college grad-uates either can’t find jobs, or they are working behind a cash register. Well, it is wrong. We ought to give them an op-portunity. We ought to give them some jobs and some hope. Those college graduates are skilled and talented, and they deserve to be part of America’s in-novative society. That is what they de-serve. That is what we are going to de-liver to them. 
While I am thrilled my Democrat 
friends are talking about the deficit, I wish they would have acted upon it earlier. The first year they took con-trol of this House under the former Speaker, they doubled the deficit. The second year, they tripled the deficit. The third year, they took it over a tril-lion dollars and a trillion dollars again, until the American public said enough. 
What we got for all that spending 
was the worst economic recovery in half a century. We are missing 6 mil-lion jobs from the American economy. We have fewer people working the workforce than we did before the recov-ery actually began. In some ways, we are going backwards, especially for our young people. 
Today, with this bill, this is research 
and development both parties support. The only reason we are hearing the ex-cuses is that it is a Republican bill this time. That is the only reason. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.037 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3418 May 20, 2015 
Research and development is not a 
Republican proposal, it is not a Demo-crat proposal. It is an American pro-posal we all support. We think our economy ought to grow not in Wash-ington, but back home, and that inno-vation matters. The way we do that is to recapture America’s leadership in R&D. 
For all those reasons—and for the 
support of entrepreneurs, manufactur-ers, and technology companies back home all across America—I urge that we stop the excuses, we join together as Republicans and Democrats, we take back America’s leadership in innova-tion and create the jobs that our young people deserve. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of the bipartisan bill H.R. 880 the Amer-ican Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015 to make permanent and simplify an im-portant tax credit, which promotes job creation and economic growth. 
Unfortunately, Congress did not address this 
issue last year, so I applaud Mr. B
RADY for 
continuing to work on this important measure to bring certainty to an important sector of the U.S. economy. 
By simply enhancing and making permanent 
the now expired research tax credit, H.R. 880 increases the ability of businesses to compete in an increasingly globalized marketplace by rewarding investments in innovation tech-nologies and manufacturing. These new tech-nologies provide the basis of new consumer products, increased scientific discovery, and technological improvements across numerous fields and disciplines. 
The common sense American Research 
and Competitiveness Act of 2015 lowers the cost of innovation, creates high wage jobs, and lays the foundation for a strong economy in the 21st century. The U.S. is facing increas-ing competition around the globe from coun-tries with more advantageous tax structures, so it is critical that Congress extend this credit to remain competitive in the future. 
As a cosponsor of the bipartisan H.R. 880, 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in support of this common sense legislation to provide the tools nec-essary to create jobs, promote economic growth, and create the innovations of tomor-row—right here in America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
ODER ). All time for debate has ex-
pired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 273, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-
tion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. NEAL. I am opposed to the bill in 
its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Neal moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
880 to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. NO INCREASE IN DEFICIT OR DELAY OF 
COMPREHENSIVE TAX REFORM. 
Nothing in this Act shall result in— 
(1) an increase in the deficit, or (2) a delay or weakening of efforts to adopt 
a permanent extension of the research credit in a fiscally responsible manner. 
SEC. 3. TWO-YEAR EXTENSION OF RESEARCH 
CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 41(h) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2014. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 min-utes in support of his motion. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed to this bill in its current form, and I want to remind my colleagues that this will not kill the bill, nor will it send it back to committee. If adopt-ed, the bill will proceed immediately to final passage as amended. 
Well, we are 6 months into the new 
Congress; and what do we hear from the majority? It is more of the same, more of the same assurances: Trust us on tax reform; it is on the way. 
First, it was: Do not introduce tax 
bills. Trust us, tax reform is on the way. 
Then it was: If we make some extend-
ers permanent, trust us, tax reform is just around the corner. 
The new refrain is: If we want to fix 
the highway trust fund, let’s do tax re-form at the same time. 
Mind you, we have just voted to ex-
tend the highway trust fund for the 33rd time, and in December, we will most likely vote to extend the R&D tax credit on another short-term basis. Let’s stop playing these games. 
By the way, when my friend from 
Texas talked about Democrats extend-ing the deficits, did he forget that Bill Clinton left us with four straight bal-anced budgets, and in 8 years, they wrecked the trajectory of those bal-anced budget with $2.3 trillion of tax cuts? That is the reality. When I heard him say the Democrats ran up the defi-cits, I guess they forgot there was a President George W. Bush in between. 
What do we do here? We do the estate 
tax repeal. That takes care of 5,400 families in America. How universal is that? If we weren’t doing the estate tax bill—repealing it, by the way—then what we could have done was perhaps extend and agree upon a robust R&D tax credit, which you all know I sup-port. How about, for 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10 years, put it in line and let private in-vestment build around it? 
If you are from Massachusetts, obvi-
ously, you are for a more robust R&D tax credit. Who in Massachusetts could be against that? World class univer-sities, hospitals, businesses, incuba-tors—we produce some of the highest 
and best tech advancements in the world. Kendall Square in Cambridge has the highest concentration of R&D in the whole world. 
We know this credit is vital to keep-
ing America at the innovation fore-front, and we know that the start-and- stop nature of this credit has put a damper on the willingness of firms to invest because they don’t know if the credit is going to be gone tomorrow. 
Now, a chance to point something 
out that I think bears noting, as a per-cent of gross domestic product, re-search and development now is the low-est it has been in decades. Why is that? Because of the rejection of science on my Republican friend’s side, private sector R&D is way down. 
The encouragement in the Tax Code 
is simply to buy smaller companies, merge, and take advantage of the inno-vation they have done. There is the op-portunity here to build something around the R&D that we should be tak-ing advantage of here today, but we are not doing that because of the notion of having rejected this science. 
The fickle nature of Congress toward 
this credit is attributable to one fact: we have not reformed the Tax Code since 1986. Now, Congressman B
RADY  
wasn’t even born the last time that we did tax reform 30-some odd years ago. He was but a wish in a couple’s eye. That is how dated this argument is. 
He said: Why can’t we agree on some 
things here? 
There are some things we can agree 
upon: Barack Obama was not born in Kenya; secondly, and just importantly, there is no imminent invasion of Texas that is being planned; And third, very simply, the tax cuts don’t pay for themselves. They have to score some place. 
b1515 
We are taking up the time today de-
bating this extender—or extenders— when we should be talking about tax reform that works for the middle class, a tax reform that does not reward in-vestment; instead, we are doing this hodgepodge effort on tax extenders that really make no sense. Guess what, come December, we are going to be right back here on this floor tackling the R&D credit for another year or two. 
Now, before they say to me, Mr. 
N
EAL, you are wrong, I certainly have 
been right in the last two cycles about what happened as to where we ended up with tax extenders. The President has already said he would veto a perma-nent R&D at this point, and I under-stand the whole nature of why we need to do talking points. 
I would submit this to my friend, Mr. 
B
RADY , and he is my friend, and we 
work together on many pieces of legis-lation. Why don’t we commit ourselves to building an R&D tax credit for 10 years, so it can be built into the invest-ment code of the American entre-preneur, so they know precisely what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.038 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3419 May 20, 2015 
is going to be out there, instead of tak-
ing this tactic today that is never going to see the light of day as we go forward? 
This Congress could have been spend-
ing its time today talking about in-come disparity, downward pressure on wages, robotics, and what is putting the American worker behind the curve of opportunity; but, no, we can’t do that. We spend our time instead on these sorts of arguments. 
I hope that we can send this back to 
committee and come up with some-thing that we can all live with. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
this Democrat proposal does violence to America’s research infrastructure. It does violence to America’s economy, and it does violence to the future of our economy and to the hope of young people. 
We will not stand for this. Vote ‘‘no’’ 
on this motion to recommit. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
AMERICA COMPETES 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1806. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 271 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1806. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1519 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1806) to 
provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, funda-mental scientific discovery, and devel-opment to improve the competitive-ness of the United States, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
ODER in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
S
MITH) and the gentlewoman from 
Texas (Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) 
each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. S MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to spon-
sor H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, a pro- science, fiscally responsible bill that sets America on a path to remain the world’s leader in innovation. 
This bill reauthorizes civilian re-
search programs at the National Science Foundation, the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology, the Department of Energy, and the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy. H.R. 1806 prioritizes basic research and development, while staying within the caps set by the Budget Control Act. 
America’s businesses rely on govern-
ment support for basic research to produce the scientific breakthroughs that spur technological innovation, jump-start new industries, and spur economic growth. Title I of the bill re-authorizes the National Science Foun-dation for 2 years and provides a 4.3 percent increase for research and re-lated activities. 
The bill prioritizes funding for the 
Directorates of Biological Sciences, Computer and Information Science and Engineering, Engineering, and Mathe-matics and Physical Sciences and rec-ognizes the need to make strategic in-vestments in basic R&D for the U.S. to remain the global leader in science and innovation. The bill reprioritizes re-search spending at NSF by cutting funding for the Directorate for Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences and the Directorate for Geosciences. 
Federal budget restraints require all 
taxpayers’ dollars to be spent on high- value science in the national interest. Unfortunately, NSF has funded a num-ber of projects that do not meet the highest standards of scientific merit, from climate change musicals, to eval-uating animal photographs in National Geographic, to studying human-set fires in New Zealand in the 1800s. There are dozens of other examples. 
The bill ensures accountability by re-
storing the original intent of the 1950 NSF Act and requiring that all grants serve the ‘‘national interest.’’ The NSF has endorsed this goal. 
Title II represents the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee’s commitment to enhancing STEM edu-cation programs. A healthy and viable STEM workforce is critical to Amer-
ican industries and ensures our future economic prosperity. 
The definition of STEM is expanded 
to include computer science, which connects all STEM subjects. The bill also creates an advisory panel on STEM education to ensure outside stakeholders have a role in assessing the Federal STEM education portfolio. 
Title III includes three bipartisan 
bills the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee approved in March. Those bills, H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Efficiency Act; H.R. 1156, the International Science and Tech-nology Cooperation Act of 2015; and H.R. 1162, the Science Prize Competi-tions Act, passed the committee by voice vote. Two of these were spon-sored by the Democrats. 
Title IV supports the important 
measurement, standards, and tech-nology work taking place at the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology laboratories, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program, and the recently authorized Network for Manufacturing Innovation. 
Measurement science conducted at 
NIST contributes to industrial com-petitiveness by supporting the tech-nical infrastructure and advancements for nanotechnology, global positioning systems, material sciences, cybersecu-rity, health information technology, and a variety of other fields. 
Title V reauthorizes the Department 
of Energy Office of Science for 2 years, at a 5.4 percent increase over fiscal year 2015. It prioritizes basic research that enables researchers in all 50 States to have access to world-class user facilities, including supercom-puters and high-intensity light sources. 
This bill also prevents duplication 
and requires DOE to certify that its climate science work is unique and not being undertaken by another Federal agency. 
Title VI reauthorizes the DOE ap-
plied research and development pro-grams and activities for fiscal year 2016 and 2017. They include the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reli-ability, the Office of Nuclear Energy, the Office of Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy, the Office of Fossil Energy, and the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy. 
H.R. 1806 refocuses some spending on 
late-stage commercialization efforts within the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to research and development efforts. 
The bill requires DOE to provide a 
regular strategic analysis of science and technology activities within the Department, identifying key areas for collaboration across science and ap-plied research programs. 
Title VII proposes to cut red tape and 
bureaucracy in the DOE technology transfer process. It allows contractor- operators at DOE national laboratories to work with the private sector more efficiently by delegating signature au-thority to the directors of the labs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.044 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3420 May 20, 2015 
themselves, rather than to DOE con-
tracting officers, for cooperative agree-ments valued at less than $1 million. 
This title also requires DOE to assess 
its capability to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion re-search and the next generation fission reactor prototypes. Currently, the pri-vate sector has little incentive to build reactor prototypes due to regulatory uncertainty from the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. 
In summary, Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1806 
sets the right priorities for Federal ci-vilian research, which enhances inno-vation and U.S. competitiveness with-out adding to the Federal deficit and debt. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, I must unfortunately rise in 
opposition to the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act. It is unfortunate because I was a strong supporter of both the original COMPETES Act, as well as the 2010 reauthorization. 
Both of those bills passed with bipar-
tisan support, and both bills reflected the recommendations of the National Academy of Sciences’ groundbreaking 2005 report, ‘‘Rising Above the Gath-ering Storm.’’ 
It is worth reflecting on what the Na-
tional Academy’s panel found and why they made the recommendations they did. 
First, the panel that wrote the report 
was composed of a distinguished group of individuals from industry, academia, and science; and it was headed by the former Lockheed CEO Norm Augustine. 
The panel noted that much of Amer-
ica’s economic growth and success in the decades following World War II was the direct result of our Nation’s sus-tained investment in research and de-velopment. However, they noted that a gathering storm was approaching. America’s economic and military com-petitors around the world had begun to catch up with our Nation’s techno-logical lead. 
Moreover, research and development 
budgets in the United States were stag-nating. The panel determined that America was sorely in need of a recom-mitment to research and development in order to maintain our competitive edge. 
The Augustine panel gave specific 
recommendations that we increase R&D spending, revitalize STEM edu-cation across the country, and also cre-ate and support a new ARPA-E for breakthrough energy research modeled on the renowned DARPA program at the Department of Defense. 
The original COMPETES Act imple-
mented these recommendations across the board. Supporting this bill was one of the highlights of my two decades of service here in Congress. 
I have highlighted this history be-
cause it is important to understand what we are doing here today and why 
these issues are so important. Since 2010, when we passed the last COM-PETES reauthorization, R&D spending in America has begun to stagnate again and, by some measures, even de-clined. 
In the meantime, our economic com-
petitors have doubled down on their in-vestments in research and develop-ment. Over the past decade, China has averaged a 23 percent increase in R&D spending each year. Perhaps, not sur-prisingly, in 2014, China overtook the United States to become the world’s largest economic power. 
The crisis that the Augustine com-
mittee warned us about in 2005 has now arrived. 
b1530 
What is the response of our majority 
to this crisis? Absolutely nothing. That is what is in H.R. 1806: absolutely noth-ing. 
H.R. 1806 completely abandons the 
recommendations of the Augustine committee and the original COM-PETES Act. It abandons the legacy of COMPETES by flat-funding R&D in-vestments. It abandons the legacy by slashing funding for the very ARPA-E program envisioned by this committee, the Augustine committee. It abandons that legacy by politicizing the sci-entific grant-making process and pit-ting different research disciplines against each other. 
I want to be clear about what it is 
that this majority is abandoning. They are abandoning our future. 
America is the greatest nation on 
Earth, but our greatness is not guaran-teed. We have to work for it. We have to do the things that are necessary to ensure a bright future for our country. That means making the same kinds of investments in science and technology that previous generations made. Our predecessors understood what was at stake. They made a commitment to in-vest in research and development and science education, and we still benefit from those past investments today. 
The world is not standing still. If we 
do not recommit to our investments in science education, research, and devel-opment, we will be surpassed. 
The bill before us fails to secure our 
Nation’s future, and for that reason, I must strenuously oppose it. 
I am not alone in my opposition. We 
have received more than 40 letters or statements of concern or outright op-position from over 70 different groups, including the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Asso-ciation of American Universities, the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, the Business Council for Sustainable Energy, the Coalition for National Science Funding, the STEM Education Coalition, the Truman Na-tional Security Project, and many, many others. I will put the full list of these organizations in the R
ECORD at 
this time. 75 ORGANIZATIONS IN OPPOSITION TO H .R. 1806, 
THE AMERICA COMPETES REAUTHORIZATION  
ACT OF 2015  
1. Alliance to Save Energy 
2. American Academy of Political and So-
cial Science 
3. American Anthropological Association 4. American Association for the Advance-
ment of Science 
5. American Association of Petroleum Ge-
ologists 
6. American Association of Physics Teach-
ers 
7. American Educational Research Associa-
tion 
8. American Geophysical Union 9. American Geosciences Institute 10. American Institute of Biological 
Sciences 
11. American Institute of Physics 12. American Meteorological Society 13. American Physical Society 14. American Political Science Association 15. American Psychological Association 16. American Society for Microbiology 17. American Sociological Association 18. Association for Behavioral and Cog-
nitive Therapies 
19. Association for the Sciences of Lim-
nology and Oceanography 
20. Association of American Universities 21. Association of Population Centers 22. Association of Public and Land-grant 
Universities 
23. AVS: Science & Technology of Mate-
rials, Interfaces, and Processing 
24. Biophysical Society 25. Business Council for Sustainable En-
ergy 
26. Center for Small Business and the Envi-
ronment 
27. Clay Minerals Society 28. Coalition for National Science Funding 29. Computing Research Association 30. Consortium for Ocean Leadership 31. Consortium of Social Science Associa-
tions 
32. Council of Undergraduate Research 33. Department of Energy Secretary Ernest 
Moniz 
34. Earth Day Network 35. Ecological Society of America 36. Energy Sciences Coalition 37. Environment America 38. Environment and Energy Study Insti-
tute 
39. Environmental Defense Fund 40. Federation of American Societies for 
Experimental Biology 
41. Federation of Associations in Behav-
ioral and Brain Sciences 
42. Geological Society of America 43. Incorporated Institutions for Seis-
mology 
44. Institute of Electrical and Electronics 
Engineers, Inc. 
45. Law and Society Association 46. League of Conservation Voters 47. Learning and Education Academic Re-
search Network 
48. Michigan State University 49. National Association of Geoscience 
Teachers 
50. National Association of Marine Labora-
tories 
51. National Cave and Karst Research In-
stitute 
52. National Ground Water Association 53. Natural Resources Defense Council 54. Nobel Laureates 55. Ohio State University 56. Paleontological Research Institution 57. Pew 58. Population Association of America 59. Princeton University 60. Research!America 61. Seismological Society of America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.046 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3421 May 20, 2015 
62. Sierra Club 
63. Society for Mining, Metallurgy, and Ex-
ploration, Inc. 
64. Society of Independent Professional 
Earth Scientists 
65. Soil Science Society of America 66. STEM Education Coalition 67. Taskforce on American Innovation 68. The Optical Society 69. Truman National Security Project—Op-
eration Free 
70. Union of Concerned Scientists 71. United States Permafrost Association 72. University Corporation for Atmospheric 
Research 
73. University of Colorado at Boulder 74. University of Michigan 
75. Wayne State University. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Again, I strongly, strongly op-pose this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), who is the chair-
man of the Energy Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank Chair-
man S
MITH for yielding me time to 
speak on this important legislation that is on the floor today. 
Mr. Chair, H.R. 1806, the America 
COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, authorizes the science and energy research programs at the Department of Energy, providing funding for re-search and development conducted in our universities and national labs across the country. 
DOE is the largest Federal supporter 
of basic research in the physical sciences and provides user facilities for over 31,000 scientific researchers each year. 
The America COMPETES Act 
prioritizes funding for the Office of Science, which conducts critical re-search in high energy physics, ad-vanced scientific computing, biological and environmental research, nuclear physics, fusion energy sciences, and basic energy sciences. 
This basic R&D has broad applica-
tions for our economy and for our na-tional security, providing tools and user facilities for researchers in all en-ergy fields. 
The America COMPETES Act also re-
authorizes the Department’s applied energy programs in nuclear energy, fossil energy, energy efficiency and re-newable energy, and electricity re-search and development. 
By prioritizing research and develop-
ment in these programs, we can maxi-mize Federal dollars and leave com-mercialization and deployment to the private sector, Mr. Chairman, which has the most incentive to bring new, cost-effective, and efficient tech-nologies to market. 
This legislation is fiscally respon-
sible and cuts funding to lower-priority and duplicative programs like EERE, which has grown by almost 60 percent in the last decade. With our national debt of $18 trillion and rising, Congress must prioritize fundamental research to lay the foundation for the next tech-nological breakthrough. We simply cannot afford to spend 
limited Federal dollars on promoting today’s technology. This is so yester-day when we do that. Instead of dupli-cating work that could be done in the private sector, the America COM-PETES Act prioritizes basic research and development with broad applica-tion to all forms of energy and energy efficiencies. 
Mr. Chairman, over the past 5 
months, the Science Committee has held hearings on the Department of En-ergy research and development for ad-vanced nuclear reactors, high-perform-ance computing, energy efficiency and renewable energy, energy storage, and the Department of Energy budget pro-posal. With limited time, this Science Committee in this Congress has con-ducted five hearings in support of this legislation, prioritizing oversight of the DOE programs authorized in this bill. 
By supporting the America COM-
PETES Act, Congress can promote fun-damental research, build a foundation for the private sector to bring innova-tive new technologies to market, and grow the American economy. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
America COMPETES Reauthorization Act. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I now yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, it is 
actually quite disappointing that we are here at this point today. And I join the ranking member and our colleagues on this side of the aisle in opposing this harmful antiscience bill, H.R. 1806. 
When I first came into Congress, I 
was excited because we were actually working on reauthorizing the COM-PETES Act. We were making invest-ments in important research and devel-opment and technologies for the 21st century. And we were doing that in a bipartisan fashion based on bipartisan scientific and research-based rec-ommendations. But that is not where we are today. 
H.R. 1806 contains severe funding 
cuts to the Department of Energy, in-cluding cutting close to one-third of the budget of the Office of Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy and half the budget of ARPA–E. In fact, you could argue that this is not an invest-ment in the 21st century at all: it is a throwback bill to the 20th century. 
These cuts are going to cripple our 
Nation’s research into high-impact technologies to generate, store, and use energy and will harm our ability to compete successfully with other coun-tries. 
The bill also contains many harmful 
provisions restricting the Department of Energy, such as a provision pre-venting the results of any Department of Energy-supported fossil fuel energy research and development from being ‘‘used for regulatory assessments or de-terminations by Federal regulatory au-thorities.’’ That would essentially bar the EPA or the Federal Energy Regu-
latory Commission from using the most current research results when they set rules to protect our air, our land, and our water. 
How unfortunate that this 
antiscience bill also includes a mis-guided attempt to impose a level of po-litical review on the National Science Foundation’s gold-standard merit re-view system. 
This is the National Science Founda-
tion, not a political organization. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-
woman has expired. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield the gentlewoman an ad-ditional 1 minute. 
Ms. EDWARDS. This is a dangerous 
proposal that would stifle the kind of high-risk, outside-the-box thinking that has put the United States on the cutting edge of scientific research. 
If this bill were to become law, it 
would eliminate valuable and scientif-ically sound research on climate change within the Department of En-ergy under the guise of a cost-cutting measure. 
After all, Mr. Chairman, isn’t that 
what this is about? It is about the other side just not believing in climate change, despite the science. 
In addition to all of the dangerous 
and harmful things that this bill does do, it lacks any substantively helpful provisions in a number of areas. 
I actually proposed an amendment 
that would simply look at our 21st cen-tury workforce by supporting research at minority-serving institutions, grow-ing STEM fields for young people who we know have to go into the 21st cen-tury workforce. It flat-funds the edu-cation directorate at the National Science Foundation. 
I can’t think of anything more harm-
ful than doing a COMPETES legisla-tion that is, at its core, the most anti-competitive legislation that could be put on this floor. It is a danger to the 21st century. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CA-
LISE), who is the majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. I thank my colleague, 
the chairman from Texas, for yielding and for his leadership in bringing the America COMPETES Act to the floor. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of the America COMPETES Act. If you look at what we are trying to do here, we want America to maintain our competitive edge, to create good-pay-ing jobs here at home. But to do that, we need to invest wisely and respon-sibly in basic scientific research. 
After years of overspending and the 
administration expanding programs way beyond the core missions of the National Science Foundation and the Department of Energy, the COMPETES Act prioritizes taxpayer dollars to sup-port basic research in biology, chem-istry, math, engineering, and computer science. American taxpayers’ dollars are being spent on programs that do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.021 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3422 May 20, 2015 
not meet the national interest or help 
invest in our future. 
I want to point out some of the 
wasteful spending that is being elimi-nated by this legislation, the America COMPETES Act. 
Mr. Chairman, $340,000 of taxpayer 
money is being spent to study human- set fires in New Zealand in the 1800s— taxpayer dollars here in America are being spent on that; $50,000 to study civil lawsuits in Peru from 1600 to 1700; $487,000 to study textiles and gender in Iceland from 874–1800, during the Vi-king era; $697,000 for ‘‘The Great Im-mensity,’’ a musical about climate change. 
This is what taxpayer dollars are 
being spent on, Mr. Chairman, at a time when Americans are tightening their belts and are looking to Wash-ington to do what they are doing in being fiscally responsible. 
This refocuses what we are supposed 
to be trying to do to promote science, to promote computer science, as a computer scientist, the things that are going to help American workers be suc-cessful—not all of this foolishness that is wasting taxpayer money. It is a great bill that actually prioritizes the taxpayer dollars of this country. I urge my colleagues to pass it. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
the COMPETES Reauthorization Act, which is an attempt to disinvest, in my view, in research, innovation, and edu-cation at a time when we ought to be investing in those areas even more greatly. 
This bill places our competitiveness 
at a serious risk over the long term. The public must be awfully confused, I understand, by both sides claiming that they are enhancing research. Many interest groups, however, dis-agree with our Republican friends. 
I had hoped that this year’s COM-
PETES legislation would have been written so that we could continue the tradition of the strong bipartisan sup-port that it received in 2007 and 2010. Overwhelmingly, Republicans voted for these bills initially and the reauthor-ization. 
Unfortunately, the severe cuts and 
partisan policy changes it makes pre-clude that from happening. The Repub-licans who wrote this legislation have decided that they know better than America’s scientists and innovators. They arbitrarily pick and choose re-search programs they like at the ex-pense of those they ideologically op-pose—in other words, not peer review but political review. And they cut key areas of research far below the levels appropriated for fiscal year 2015, in-cluding the Manufacturing Extension 
Partnership program and R&D for re-newable energy technologies. 
How ironic that we have an R&D bill 
on the floor and they are cutting R&D technology here. Furthermore, this bill would slash 
our investments in the cutting edge ARPA-E program by 50 percent, which funds high-risk and high-reward re-search in energy technologies that might not otherwise be pursued. 
Now, of course, if global warming is 
not an issue, who cares. 
This bill, though called the America 
COMPETES Act, really ought to be ti-tled the Everyone Else Competes Act because it will cause us to fall farther and farther behind our overseas com-petitors, who are already far outpacing us in how much they invest in science and technology research. 
Alongside this bill today, the House 
also is considering a bill that tries to do something many of us agree ought to be done but it does it in a fiscally ir-responsible way. I am opposing and urge my colleagues to oppose making the R&D tax credit permanent because we ought to pay for it, Mr. Chairman— not make our children and grand-children pay for it. 
Over and over and over again, the Re-
publicans claim that the tax cuts that they are passing will pay for them-selves. I came here in 1981. That was the claim. Under President Reagan, we increased the debt 189 percent. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield the gentleman from Maryland an additional 1 minute. 
b1545 
Mr. HOYER. Now, Bush did better 
after 2001 and 2003. He only increased the deficit 87 percent, or almost three times that increased under President Clinton; and none of the tax cuts ended up paying for themselves, and Green-span said so. 
Since the beginning of this Congress, 
Republicans have brought to the floor and passed nine tax cuts. It is so easy to vote for tax cuts. It is so hard to pay for what we are buying. And that is why we have a deficit, because we do not pay for what we buy. 
Today the House is being asked to 
vote on another unpaid-for tax ex-tender that, on its own, would increase the deficit by $182 billion. That is a total of $586 billion—over half a trillion dollars—that Republicans are pro-posing to add to the deficit this year. 
We have heard Republicans argue 
that making the R&D tax credit per-manent would benefit the economy. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has again expired. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gen-tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. They are right about 
that, and I support the R&D being made permanent—if we pay for it. That is a principle the American public ex-pects us to pursue. Many Democrats agree as well. 
However, what will be an even great-
er benefit to the economy is for Con-gress to set aside the misguided mantra that tax cuts pay for them-selves and, instead, put America’s fis-
cal house in order. Let’s start a real conversation about fixing our broken Tax Code in a fiscally sustainable way. Passing this R&D tax credit will under-mine that effort. 
I am urging my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle who care deeply about fiscal sustainability, about tax reform, and about economic competitiveness to oppose these bills. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ), an active 
member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of the America COMPETES Act, and I would like to thank the chair for his leadership in this field. 
Mr. Chairman, today the Federal 
Government spends about $3 billion across STEM education efforts. This bill creates a new STEM education ad-visory panel to provide feedback and advise the President and Federal agen-cies with STEM programs to better in-form plans and budgets. The bill di-rects that STEM education efforts are to be coordinated across the Federal Government to limit duplication. In-dustry also recognizes the benefits of STEM. This is evidenced by its support of various STEM programs with equip-ment, facilities, and volunteers. 
In my district alone, aerospace 
thrives with high-technical, high-pay-ing jobs. Without STEM, without reaching out with STEM education, we don’t get those folks to jump in there. We have to talk about other things like visas and bringing people in for these types of jobs instead of working with our kids to get them educated and moving toward a good career. 
This bill provides for grants for re-
search on STEM programming that en-gages underrepresented students. Again, in my district, we have the Lan-caster Robotics Team. It started more than 10 years ago. When it started, it was about 2 percent women, or 2 per-cent girls; today it is over 40 percent. Forty percent of the Lancaster Robot-ics Team is girls working towards a STEM degree, working towards an en-gineering degree, a mathematics de-gree, and a computer science degree. Again, aerospace brings many of the highest paying and most technical jobs not just to my district, but to this country. 
Mr. Chairman, STEM education is 
not just a buzzword; it is something that actually works. STEM education is the lifeblood for what we do in a high technical society. If we don’t do it, someone else will. We should do it right here in America. I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentle-
woman from Texas for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition 
to H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act. The original 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.049 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3423 May 20, 2015 
COMPETES Act was visionary in its 
commitment to increased R&D fund-ing, and I strongly believe we should continue to increase funding for worth-while investments in our Nation’s fu-ture. However, I have serious concerns with this bill that the majority has of-fered. 
In 2010, as a member of the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee, I had the opportunity to work on a truly bipartisan reauthorization of COM-PETES. We worked together and chose to make certain that we innovate and we made certain that we would com-pete. 
This year I returned to the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee, ex-cited to again work on a smart and tar-geted COMPETES reauthorization. Un-fortunately, there was no bipartisan process, and the result is a bill that does not live up to the original COM-PETES vision. It would be more appro-priately named the ‘‘America Con-cedes’’ bill. Why? Because at a time when the rest of the world is taking ex-traordinary steps to innovate, this bill would have America do the opposite. Its efforts are misguided, at the least. Major areas of research are not ade-quately funded, and the policy changes would take us in the wrong direction. 
Mr. Chair, I am concerned by the ma-
jority’s fixation on allocating funding for NSF by directorate. This creates a dangerous precedent in denying NSF adequate flexibility and instead places political whims ahead of the need to independently foster true innovative research. I am also concerned by the ef-fort to impose political review on NSF’s gold-standard merit review sys-tem. The scientific community in our Nation and around the world agrees that NSF’s review system works, and works very well. So why would we make it more difficult to encourage high risk, high rewards research? 
Instead, we should be increasing re-
search funding, providing NSF the ap-propriate flexibility to fund innovative research, and we should be investing in a sustained commitment to STEM edu-
cation. My district needs and deserves STEM as an education process. It doesn’t want simple buzzwords. It wants a real STEM education effort. 
As a nation, we are woefully under-
producing scientists and engineers. In order to remain a competitive global economic power in the 21st century, we must place a strong focus on STEM education. Instead, this bill provides flat funding for STEM education along with increased administrative burdens. That is not a commitment to STEM education. In practical terms, it is a decrease in funding. 
I am also concerned by the cuts in 
funding for the Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnership program and by the strike in funding for the National Net-work for Manufacturing Innovation, or NNMI. These initiatives are smart in-vestments and opportunities for our Nation to truly collaborate, to com-pete, and to be truly cutting-edge. This bill denies our American pioneer spirit. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gen-tleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. TONKO. This bill also makes 
huge cuts to funding for Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy research and development as well as the funding for ARPA-E. These cuts ignore the re-ality that a modern society needs en-ergy, and the only way we are going to meet our energy challenge is through smart investments in research and de-velopment. 
Energy is essential to our economy, 
and if we pull back resources and do not invest, we will put our economic and national security at risk. We will also not meet the energy challenge if we blindly ignore existing research and refuse to access the most up-to-date in-formation. 
We also cannot solve our budget def-
icit with these types of cuts. In fact, they are more likely to make the prob-lem worse. The best way to reduce our budget deficit is by fostering new busi-nesses and industries that generate economic wealth, revenue, and jobs, and the fuel for that task is research and development. We are missing a golden opportunity with this measure. For these reasons I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this bill does not touch merit review. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), 
who is a valuable member of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Act. 
Mr. Chairman, when the American 
people pay their taxes, they expect their tax dollars to be spent effectively and efficiently. Too often that has not been the case across government, and there is nothing worse than seeing taxes taken out of their paychecks and wasted. Not only is that fiscally irre-sponsible, it is insulting to the tax-payers. 
The bill before us is fiscally respon-
sible and takes important steps to cut wasteful spending. Traditionally, when the National Science Foundation was mentioned, Americans thought of hard sciences—basic research, advanced technologies in biology, engineering, mathematics, and the physical sciences. It is investments in these fields that advance American tech-nology and help the United States maintain its competitive edge. 
Unfortunately, some recent National 
Science Foundation expenditures have brought widespread criticism to the NSF and its priorities. There was the expenditure, for example, of $856,000 on a grant to teach three captive moun-tain lions how to use a treadmill. NSF spent another $387,000 on a mechanical device that simulates Swedish mas-sages for rabbits. This is unquestion-ably a waste of taxpayer money, par-ticularly when we are over $18 trillion 
in debt. 
Our bill cuts spending on lower pri-
ority government social and behavioral programs at the National Science Foundation by 45 percent, saving tax-payer dollars and setting a higher pri-ority on the harder sciences. The American people want Washington to be responsible with their money, and when Federal agencies get out of hand, they need to be reined in, and our bill does just that. 
I want to thank Chairman S
MITH and 
his staff for their hard work and lead-ership on this bill, and I ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting it. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachu-setts (Ms. C
LARK ). 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding. 
Bentley University is a renowned 
business school in my district, and when a class from Bentley visited me just a few weeks ago, they were advo-cating for a critical underpinning of our economy. These students came to discuss the importance of funding the geosciences in the NSF. Why? Because it is good business. 
These students and the business com-
munity understand the critical role that geoscience has in disaster resil-ience, helping us to address drought, looking at solar storms that can crip-ple our electric grid, impacts on fish-eries and ocean health, and in main-taining agriculture and in healthy soil. 
Business leaders know that extreme 
weather like hurricanes, droughts, tor-nadoes, and landslides result in billions of dollars in damage, and by using what we learn from geoscience, we can identify ways to mitigate these costs and save us money. Business leaders understand this connection, so why doesn’t Congress? 
Rather than support investment in 
geoscience research, this legislation specifically targets it for drastic cuts in funding. Climate change is real. Human activity contributes to it, and it is bad for the bottom line. It is irre-sponsible for us to cut funding for re-search that helps us understand what is happening and how to address it. 
Adequately funding geoscience re-
search is critical to protecting and growing our economy and to the secu-rity of the American people. Let’s vote for our economy, let’s vote for our se-curity, and let’s reject this bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 30 seconds. 
Mr. Chairman, as set forth in the re-
port that accompanied the Science, Space, and Technology Committee ap-proval of the America COMPETES Act, NSF will maintain full funding for re-search in the hard science areas of geo-science like deep-ocean drilling and ge-ological research to find new energy re-sources. What our bill does do is reduce funds that have been used by NSF to fund low priorities like a survey of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.050 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3424 May 20, 2015 
Norwegian tourism, teaching TV mete-
orologists about climate change, and creating climate change video games. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), my colleague and the chair-
man of the Homeland Security Com-mittee. 
b1600 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of reauthorization of the America COMPETES Act. In this tough budget environment, I applaud Chairman S
MITH and the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee for crafting a bill that provides for much- needed investments in scientific re-search in a fiscally responsible manner. By setting priorities and eliminating duplicative activities, we are actually able to increase funding for new and promising research while keeping over-all spending constant. 
This bill is designed to secure Amer-
ica’s premier status in scientific and technological advancement in several ways. First, it improves our STEM edu-cation programs by adding computer sciences to the definition of STEM edu-
cation, which will allow these pro-grams to be used to train the next gen-eration of high-tech workers and cyber-security professionals. As our high- tech sector continues to expand in places like my hometown of Austin, it is important to make sure that we are producing enough qualified workers to fill these jobs. 
Second, this bill also helps research-
ers at our national labs commercialize their discoveries by removing bureau-cratic obstacles. This will bring inno-vative new products to market faster, encouraging job creation and private sector investment. 
Most importantly, the America COM-
PETES Reauthorization Act provides a substantial increase in funding for re-search activities at the National Science Foundation, the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology, and the Department of Energy. This will allow the scientists at our univer-sities, such as the University of Texas, to advance our understanding of the physical world and provide the founda-tion for future innovations by business and new entrepreneurs. 
I urge strong support of this bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON. Mr. 
Chairman. I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU). 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today to oppose the America COMPETES Act in part be-cause it cuts over $62 million of fund-ing to the hard science of studying the effects of climate change. 
The effects of climate change are not 
a partisan issue. We know that our sea levels have risen by over 6.7 inches in the last century, and they have accel-erated in the last decade. Rising sea levels affect not just Democratic dis-tricts; it also affects Republican dis-tricts. 
We can measure with precision that 
we have had, over 20 years, the hottest records in terms of temperatures in re-
corded history having occurred since 1980. We know that, in 2012, over 19 States broke the hottest records in their States. More extreme weather events and more weather uncertainty affect not just red States and blue States and purple States, it affects all of America. And that is why, last month, former Reagan Secretary of State George Shultz wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post saying: Climate change is happening. We need to take action on it, and we need to ensure our future against climate change. He called it the Reagan way. He said that is what President Reagan would have done. 
As you know, this America COM-
PETES Act, the funding for the hard science of the effects of climate change, was put in place under Presi-dent Bush in 2007. Just today, our President announced what the U.S. military is saying about climate change. 
I served on Active Duty in the United 
States Air Force. I am now 19 years in with the Reserves. One of the amazing strengths of America is that our mili-tary is nonpartisan, nonideological; and our military takes the world as it is, not as they hope it to be. Our mili-tary does not live in a fantasy world, and they understand that climate change is happening. They know it is a national security threat. They are tell-ing the American public we need to act on climate change now because we can’t have flooding of our bases; we can’t have droughts and more severe weather events that cause conflicts in all the parts of the world. 
So I ask the American public to trust 
former Reagan Secretary of State George Shultz, trust President Bush, trust our United States military who are saying climate change is a prob-lem. Keep in mind, our military relies on hard science and technology and all that makes this world possible. So trust our military, and trust everyone who has looked at it. Please reject the America COMPETES Act because we need to deal with climate change. We need to deal with it now. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), who is a 
member of the Science Committee and also a vice chairman of the Research and Technology Subcommittee. 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Chairman, 
the America COMPETES Act is good legislation that will help build a better future for our country. The COM-PETES Act expands the definition of STEM education to include computer science. 
According to the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, for every computer science graduate between 2013 and 2023, there will be two jobs available. That is why programs in my district like Go IT, of-fered free of charge to middle and high school students, are so important to creating career awareness in computer science and other STEM fields. This legislation increases govern-
ment accountability. It requires the National Science Foundation grants meet a national interest standard and to publicly justify why they should re-ceive taxpayer dollars. Requiring gov-ernment agencies to prioritize the na-tional interest is common sense. It en-hances accountability to the American people. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
America COMPETES Act, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON. I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
have no other speakers at this time as well, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON. Mr. 
Chair, I have no further requests for speaking. 
I just urge everyone to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this bill, and I yield back the balance of time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Our colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle today would have you believe that the only way you can be pro- science is to spend more taxpayer money than the Budget Control Act al-lows. That is irresponsible. 
If everything is a priority, then noth-
ing is. Real priorities require making real choices. 
If synthetic biology research at NSF 
is a priority, we should stop using the American people’s tax dollars to fund reviews of animal photographs in Na-tional Geographic magazine. If robotics and batteries are priorities, we should not continue to spend taxpayer dollars on climate change musicals. 
H.R. 1806 proves that we can set pri-
orities, make tough choices, and still invest more in breakthrough research and innovation. 
I thank the members of the Science 
Committee who provided valuable input into H.R. 1806, the America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2015; and that includes the cosponsors of the bill: Committee Vice Chairman F
RANK  
LUCAS ; all of our subcommittee chairs, 
BARBARA COMSTOCK , R ANDY WEBER , 
BARRY LOUDERMILK , and J IM 
BRIDENSTINE ; as well as Representa-
tives S TEVE PALAZZO , R ANDY  
HULTGREN , S TEVE KNIGHT , B RIAN 
BABIN, and J OHNMOOLENAAR . 
I urge the adoption of this pro- 
science, fiscally responsible bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to enter 
into the R ECORD an exchange of letters 
between the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Com-mittees on Education and the Work-force, Oversight and Government Re-form, and Energy and Commerce. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  
WORKFORCE  
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to con-
firm our mutual understanding with respect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.051 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3425 May 20, 2015 
to H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reau-
thorization Act of 2015. Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 1806 on those matters within the Committee’s ju-
risdiction. 
In the interest of expediting the House’s 
consideration of H.R. 1806, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo fur-ther consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this proce-dural route will not be construed to preju-dice my Committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. 
I respectfully request your support for the 
appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 1806 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the house Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNKLINE, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNKLINE, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and the 
Workforce, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce’s jurisdictional in-terest in H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 1806 by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Education 
and the Workforce has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 1806, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 1806. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or simi-lar legislation should such a conference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Rayburn HOB, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2015. As you know, the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on April 15, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this leg-islation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform will forego action on the bill. 
The Committee takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 1806 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-
change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration, to memorialize our under-standing. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, May 4, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s jurisdictional in-terest in H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 1806 by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform has a valid jurisdic-tional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 1806, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your deci-sion to forego consideration of H.R. 1806. As you have requested, I will support your re-quest for an appropriate appointment of out-side conferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a con-ference be convened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, May 12, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2015,’’ and your willing-ness to forego consideration of H.R. 1806 by your committee. 
I agree that the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 1806, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be ad-versely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 1806. As you have re-quested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside con-ferees from your Committee in the event of a House-Senate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be con-vened. 
Finally, I will include a copy of your letter 
and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the 
floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON ENERGY AND COM-
MERCE , 
Washington, DC, May 11, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I write in regard to 
H.R. 1806, America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015. As you are aware, the bill was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, but the Committee on Energy and Commerce has a jurisdic-tional interest in the bill. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Com-merce will forgo requesting a sequential re-ferral on the bill so that it may proceed ex-peditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. 
This is done with the understanding that 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 1806 and requests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response con-
firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1806 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Chair, I would like to sub-
mit for the R ECORD my strong opposition to 
H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2015. 
This harmful bill undermines key invest-
ments in science and innovation, as well as our nation’s commitment to world class re-search, including the research that is taking place in my congressional district on the Cen-tral Coast of California. 
Specifically, this bill cuts several important 
programs at NSF, including research and de-velopment related to climate science, natural hazards, and renewable energy. 
Furthermore, H.R. 1806 cripples support for 
international research collaborations—an in-strumental tool at UC Santa Barbara, which has led to groundbreaking research and pro-duced multiple Nobel Prize winners. 
As we move to affirm our nation’s leader-
ship in science and technology, we should be working in a bipartisan manner to strengthen our investments in scientific research—not weaken them. 
This bill is sadly a step backward for Amer-
ican innovation, and I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 1806. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof 
Texas). All time for general debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, printed in the bill, it shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.030 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3426 May 20, 2015 
be in order to consider as an original 
bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–15. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1806 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 102. Findings. Sec. 103. Policy objectives. Sec. 104. Definitions. Sec. 105. Accountability and transparency. Sec. 106. Greater accountability in Federal 
funding for research. 
Sec. 107. Obligation of major research equip-
ment and facilities construction funds. 
Sec. 108. Management and oversight of large fa-
cilities. 
Sec. 109. Whistleblower education. Sec. 110. Graduate student support. Sec. 111. Permissible support. Sec. 112. Expanding STEM opportunities. Sec. 113. Review of education programs. Sec. 114. Recompetition of awards. Sec. 115. Sense of the Congress regarding indus-
try investment in STEM edu-cation. 
Sec. 116. Misrepresentation of research results. Sec. 117. Research reproducibility and replica-
tion. 
Sec. 118. Research grant conditions. Sec. 119. Computing resources study. Sec. 120. Scientific breakthrough prizes. Sec. 121. Rotating personnel. Sec. 122. Sense of Congress regarding Innova-
tion Corps. 
Sec. 123. Brain Research through Advancing 
Innovative Neurotechnologies Ini-tiative. 
Sec. 124. Noyce scholarship program amend-
ments. 
Sec. 125. Informal STEM education. Sec. 126. Experimental Program to Stimulate 
Competitive Research. 
TITLE II—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS 
Sec. 201. Findings; sense of Congress. 
Sec. 202. STEM Education Advisory Panel. Sec. 203. Committee on STEM Education. Sec. 204. STEM Education Coordinating Office. 
TITLE III—OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND 
TECHNOLOGY POLICY 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 302. Regulatory efficiency. Sec. 303. Coordination of international science 
and technology partnerships. 
Sec. 304. Alternative research funding models. Sec. 305. Amendments to prize competitions. Sec. 306. United States Chief Technology Offi-
cer. 
Sec. 307. National Research Council study on 
technology for emergency notifi-cations on university campuses. 
TITLE IV—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF 
STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY 
Sec. 401. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 402. Standards and conformity assessment. 
Sec. 403. Visiting Committee on Advanced Tech-
nology. 
Sec. 404. Police and security authority. Sec. 405. Education and outreach. Sec. 406. Programmatic planning report. Sec. 407. Assessments by the National Research 
Council. 
Sec. 408. Hollings Manufacturing Extension 
Partnership. 
Sec. 409. Elimination of obsolete reports. Sec. 410. Modifications to grants and coopera-
tive agreements. 
Sec. 411. Information systems standards con-
sultation. 
Sec. 412. United States-Israeli cooperation. 
TITLE V—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
SCIENCE 
Sec. 501. Mission. 
Sec. 502. Basic energy sciences. Sec. 503. Advanced scientific computing re-
search. 
Sec. 504. High energy physics. Sec. 505. Biological and environmental re-
search. 
Sec. 506. Fusion energy. Sec. 507. Nuclear physics. Sec. 508. Science laboratories infrastructure 
program. 
Sec. 509. Domestic manufacturing. Sec. 510. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 511. Definitions. 
TITLE VI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
APPLIED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
Subtitle A—Crosscutting Research and 
Development 
Sec. 601. Crosscutting research and develop-
ment. 
Sec. 602. Strategic research portfolio analysis 
and coordination plan. 
Sec. 603. Strategy for facilities and infrastruc-
ture. 
Subtitle B—Electricity Delivery and Energy 
Reliability Research and Development 
Sec. 611. Distributed energy and electric energy 
systems. 
Sec. 612. Electric transmission and distribution 
research and development. 
Subtitle C—Nuclear Energy Research and 
Development 
Sec. 621. Objectives. 
Sec. 622. Program objectives study. Sec. 623. Nuclear energy research and develop-
ment programs. 
Sec. 624. Small modular reactor program. Sec. 625. Fuel cycle research and development. Sec. 626. Nuclear energy enabling technologies 
program. 
Sec. 627. Technical standards collaboration. Sec. 628. Available facilities database. Sec. 629. Nuclear waste disposal. 
Subtitle D—Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Energy Research and Development 
Sec. 641. Energy efficiency. 
Sec. 642. Next Generation Lighting Initiative. Sec. 643. Building standards. Sec. 644. Secondary electric vehicle battery use 
program. 
Sec. 645. Network for Manufacturing Innova-
tion Program. 
Sec. 646. Advanced Energy Technology Trans-
fer Centers. 
Sec. 647. Renewable energy. Sec. 648. Bioenergy program. Sec. 649. Concentrating solar power research 
program. 
Sec. 650. Renewable energy in public buildings. 
Subtitle E—Fossil Energy Research and 
Development 
Sec. 661. Fossil energy. 
Sec. 662. Coal research, development, dem-
onstration, and commercial appli-
cation programs. 
Sec. 663. High efficiency gas turbines research 
and development. Subtitle F—Advanced Research Projects 
Agency–Energy 
Sec. 671. ARPA–E amendments. 
Subtitle G—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 681. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle H—Definitions 
Sec. 691. Definitions. 
TITLE VII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
Subtitle A—In General 
Sec. 701. Definitions. 
Sec. 702. Savings clause. 
Subtitle B—Innovation Management at 
Department of Energy 
Sec. 711. Under Secretary for Science and En-
ergy. 
Sec. 712. Technology transfer and transitions 
assessment. 
Sec. 713. Sense of Congress. Sec. 714. Nuclear energy innovation. 
Subtitle C—Cross-Sector Partnerships and 
Grant Competitiveness 
Sec. 721. Agreements for Commercializing Tech-
nology pilot program. 
Sec. 722. Public-private partnerships for com-
mercialization. 
Sec. 723. Inclusion of early-stage technology 
demonstration in authorized tech-nology transfer activities. 
Sec. 724. Funding competitiveness for institu-
tions of higher education and other nonprofit institutions. 
Sec. 725. Participation in the Innovation Corps 
program. 
Subtitle D—Assessment of Impact 
Sec. 731. Report by Government Accountability 
Office. 
TITLE VIII—SENSE OF CONGRESS 
Sec. 801. Sense of Congress. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— 
(1) the term ‘‘STEM’’ means the subjects of 
science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics; 
(2) the term ‘‘STEM education’’ means edu-
cation in the subjects of STEM, including com-puter science; and 
(3) the term ‘‘Committee on STEM Education’’ 
means the Committee on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Education estab-lished under section 101 of the America COM-PETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621). 
TITLE I—NATIONAL SCIENCE 
FOUNDATION 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Foundation $7,597,140,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $6,186,300,000 shall be made available to 
carry out research and related activities, includ-ing— 
(i) $834,800,000 for the Biological Science Di-
rectorate; 
(ii) $1,050,000,000 for the Computer and Infor-
mation Science and Engineering Directorate; 
(iii) $1,034,000,000 for the Engineering Direc-
torate; 
(iv) $1,200,000,000 for the Geosciences Direc-
torate; 
(v) $1,500,000,000 for the Mathematical and 
Physical Science Directorate; 
(vi) $150,000,000 for the Social, Behavioral, 
and Economics Directorate, of which $50,000,000 shall be for the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics; 
(vii) $38,520,000 for the Office of International 
Science and Engineering; 
(viii) $377,500,000 for Integrative Activities; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.055 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3427 May 20, 2015 
(ix) $1,480,000 for the United States Arctic 
Commission; 
(B) $866,000,000 shall be made available for 
education and human resources; 
(C) $200,310,000 shall be made available for 
major research equipment and facilities con-struction; 
(D) $325,000,000 shall be made available for 
agency operations and award management; 
(E) $4,370,000 shall be made available for the 
Office of the National Science Board; and 
(F) $15,160,000 shall be made available for the 
Office of Inspector General. 
(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2017.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Foundation $7,597,140,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $6,186,300,000 shall be made available to 
carry out research and related activities, includ-ing— 
(i) $834,800,000 for the Biological Science Di-
rectorate; 
(ii) $1,050,000,000 for the Computer and Infor-
mation Science and Engineering Directorate; 
(iii) $1,034,000,000 for the Engineering Direc-
torate; 
(iv) $1,200,000,000 for the Geosciences Direc-
torate; 
(v) $1,500,000,000 for the Mathematical and 
Physical Science Directorate; 
(vi) $150,000,000 for the Social, Behavioral, 
and Economics Directorate, of which $50,000,000 shall be for the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics; 
(vii) $38,520,000 for the Office of International 
Science and Engineering; 
(viii) $377,500,000 for Integrative Activities; 
and 
(ix) $1,480,000 for the United States Arctic 
Commission; 
(B) $866,000,000 shall be made available for 
education and human resources; 
(C) $200,310,000 shall be made available for 
major research equipment and facilities con-struction; 
(D) $325,000,000 shall be made available for 
agency operations and award management; 
(E) $4,370,000 shall be made available for the 
Office of the National Science Board; and 
(F) $15,160,000 shall be made available for the 
Office of Inspector General. 
SEC. 102. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Taxpayer-supported research investments 
administered by the Foundation should serve the national interest. 
(2) The Foundation has made major contribu-
tions for more than 60 years to strengthen and sustain the Nation’s academic research enter-prise. 
(3) The economic strength and national secu-
rity of the United States, and the quality of life of all Americans, are grounded in the Nation’s scientific and technological capabilities. 
(4) Providing support for basic research is an 
investment in our Nation’s future security and economic prosperity. 
(5) Congress applauds the Foundation’s rec-
ognition that wise stewardship of taxpayer dol-lars is necessary to maintain and ensure the public’s trust for funding of fundamental sci-entific and engineering research. 
(6) Other nations are increasing their public 
investments in basic research in the physical sciences in order to boost long-term economic growth. 
(7) Longstanding United States leadership in 
supercomputing, genomics, nanoscience, photonics, quantum physics, and other key technological areas is jeopardized if United States investments in basic research in the nat-ural sciences do not keep pace. 
(8) Redundant regulations and reporting re-
quirements imposed by Federal agencies on re-search institutions and researchers increase costs by tens of millions of dollars annually. (9) The Foundation carries out important 
functions by supporting basic research in all science and engineering disciplines and in sup-porting STEM education at all levels. 
(10) The research and education activities of 
the Foundation promote the discovery, integra-tion, dissemination, and application of new knowledge in service to society and prepare fu-ture generations of scientists, mathematicians, and engineers who will be necessary to ensure America’s leadership in the global marketplace. 
(11) Many of the complex problems and chal-
lenges facing the Nation increasingly require the collaboration of multiple scientific dis-ciplines. The Foundation should continue to emphasize cross-directorate research collabora-tion and activities to address these issues and encourage interdisciplinary research. 
(12) The Foundation should meet the highest 
standards of efficiency, transparency, and ac-countability in its stewardship of public funds. 
(13) The Foundation is charged with the re-
sponsibilities— 
(A) to develop and encourage the pursuit of a 
national policy for the promotion of basic re-search and education in the sciences; 
(B) to initiate, support, and conduct basic sci-
entific research and to appraise the impact of research on industrial development and the gen-eral welfare; 
(C) to initiate, support, and conduct scientific 
research activities in connection with matters relating to the national defense, at the request of the Secretary of Defense; 
(D) to award scholarships and graduate fel-
lowships in the sciences; 
(E) to foster the interchange of scientific in-
formation among scientists and across scientific disciplines; 
(F) to evaluate scientific research programs 
undertaken by agencies of the Federal Govern-ment, and to correlate the Foundation’s sci-entific research with that undertaken by indi-viduals and by public and private research groups; 
(G) to communicate effectively to American 
citizens the relevance of public investments in scientific discovery and technological innova-tion to the Nation’s security, prosperity, and welfare; and 
(H) to establish such special commissions as 
the Board considers necessary. 
(14) The emerging global economic, scientific, 
and technical environment challenges long standing assumptions about domestic and inter-national policy, requiring the Foundation to play a more proactive role in sustaining the competitive advantage of the United States through superior research capabilities. 
SEC. 103. POLICY OBJECTIVES. 
In allocating resources made available under 
this title, the Foundation shall have the fol-lowing policy objectives: 
(1) To renew and maintain the Nation’s inter-
national leadership in science and technology by— 
(A) increasing the national investment in 
basic scientific research and increasing inter-disciplinary investment in strategic areas vital to the national interest; 
(B) balancing the Nation’s research portfolio 
among the life sciences, mathematics, the phys-ical sciences, computer and information science, geosciences, engineering, and social, behavioral, and economic sciences, all of which are impor-tant for the continued development of enabling technologies necessary for sustained economic competitiveness; 
(C) encouraging investments in potentially 
transformative scientific research to benefit our Nation and its citizens; 
(D) expanding the pool of scientists and engi-
neers in the United States, including among seg-ments of the population that have been histori-cally underrepresented in STEM fields; and 
(E) modernizing the Nation’s research infra-
structure and establishing and maintaining co-operative international relationships with pre-
mier research institutions. 
(2) To increase overall workforce skills by— (A) improving the quality of STEM education 
and tools provided both inside and outside of the classroom, including in kindergarten through grade 12; and 
(B) expanding STEM training opportunities 
at institutions of higher education. 
(3) To strengthen innovation by expanding 
the focus of competitiveness and innovation at the regional and local level. 
SEC. 104. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) B OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Na-
tional Science Board. 
(2) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Foundation. 
(3) F OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ 
means the National Science Foundation estab-lished under section 2 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861). 
(4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(5) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means one of 
the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or any other territory or possession of the United States. 
(6) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ 
means the several States, the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. 
SEC. 105. ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) sustained, predictable Federal funding is 
essential to United States leadership in science and technology; 
(2) building understanding of and confidence 
in investments in basic research are essential to public support for sustained, predictable Federal funding; and 
(3) the Foundation should commit itself fully 
to transparency and accountability and to clear, consistent public communication regard-ing the national interest for each Foundation- awarded grant and cooperative agreement. 
SEC. 106. GREATER ACCOUNTABILITY IN FED-
ERAL FUNDING FOR RESEARCH. 
(a) S TANDARD FOR AWARD OF GRANTS .—The 
Foundation shall award Federal funding for basic research and education in the sciences through a new research grant or cooperative agreement only if an affirmative determination is made by the Foundation under subsection (b) and written justification relating thereto is pub-lished under subsection (c). 
(b) D
ETERMINATION .—A determination re-
ferred to in subsection (a) is a justification by the responsible Foundation official as to how the research grant or cooperative agreement pro-motes the progress of science in the United States, consistent with the Foundation mission as established in the National Science Founda-tion Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1861 et seq.), and fur-ther— 
(1) is worthy of Federal funding; and (2) is in the national interest, as indicated by 
having the potential to achieve— 
(A) increased economic competitiveness in the 
United States; 
(B) advancement of the health and welfare of 
the American public; 
(C) development of an American STEM work-
force that is globally competitive; 
(D) increased public scientific literacy and 
public engagement with science and technology in the United States; 
(E) increased partnerships between academia 
and industry in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3428 May 20, 2015 
(F) support for the national defense of the 
United States; or 
(G) promotion of the progress of science in the 
United States. 
(c) W RITTEN JUSTIFICATION .—Public an-
nouncement of each award of Federal funding described in subsection (a) shall include a writ-ten justification from the responsible Founda-tion official as to how a grant or cooperative agreement meets the requirements of subsection (b). 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—A determination under 
subsection (b) shall be made after a research grant or cooperative agreement proposal has satisfied the Foundation’s reviews for Merit and Broader Impacts. Nothing in this section shall be construed as altering the Foundation’s intel-lectual merit or broader impacts criteria for evaluating grant applications. 
SEC. 107. OBLIGATION OF MAJOR RESEARCH 
EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES CON-STRUCTION FUNDS. 
No funds may be obligated for a fiscal year for 
a construction project for the Foundation that has not commenced before the date of enactment of this Act until 30 days after the report re-quired with respect to each such fiscal year under section 14(a)(2) of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–4(a)(2)) is transmitted to the Congress. 
SEC. 108. MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT OF 
LARGE FACILITIES. 
(a) L ARGE FACILITIES OFFICE .—The Director 
shall maintain a Large Facilities Office within the Office of the Director. The functions of the Large Facilities Office shall be to support the research directorates in the development, imple-mentation, and assessment of major multi-user research facilities, including by— 
(1) serving as the Foundation’s primary re-
source for all policy or process issues related to the development and implementation of major multi-user research facilities; 
(2) serving as a Foundation-wide resource on 
project management, including providing expert assistance on nonscientific and nontechnical as-pects of project planning, budgeting, implemen-tation, management, and oversight; 
(3) coordinating and collaborating with re-
search directorates to share best management practices and lessons learned from prior projects; and 
(4) assessing projects during preconstruction 
and construction phases for cost and schedule risk. 
(b) O
VERSIGHT OF LARGE FACILITIES .—The Di-
rector shall appoint a senior agency official within the Office of the Director whose primary responsibility is oversight of major multi-user re-search facilities. The duties of this official shall include— 
(1) oversight of the development, construction, 
and operation of major multi-user research fa-cilities across the Foundation; 
(2) in collaboration with the directors of the 
research directorates and other senior agency officials as appropriate, ensuring that the re-quirements of section 14(a) of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 are satisfied; 
(3) serving as a liaison to the National Science 
Board for approval and oversight of major multi-user research facilities; and 
(4) periodically reviewing and updating as 
necessary Foundation policies and guidelines for the development and construction of major multi-user research facilities. 
(c) P
OLICIES FOR LARGE FACILITY COSTS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall ensure 
that the Foundation’s policies for developing and managing major multi-user research facility construction costs are consistent with the best practices described in the March 2009 Govern-ment Accountability Office Report GAO-09-3SP, or any successor report thereto. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress the results of a study and a report reforming the Foundation’s policies 
on financial management of major multi-user re-search facilities, including a description of any aspects of the policies that diverge from the best practices recommended in Government Account-ability Office Report GAO-09-3SP and the Uni-form Guidance in 2 C.F.R. Part 200. 
(3) M
ANAGEMENT FEES .— 
(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘‘management fee’’ means a portion of an award made by the Foundation for the purpose of cov-ering ordinary and necessary business expenses necessary to maintain operational stability which are not otherwise allowable under Cost Principles Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200, Subpart E, , or any successor regulation thereto. 
(B) L
IMITATION .—The Foundation may pro-
vide management fees under an award only if the awardee has demonstrated that it has lim-ited or no other financial resources for covering the expenses for which the management fees are sought. 
(C) F
INANCIAL INFORMATION .—The Founda-
tion shall require award applicants to provide income and financial information covering a pe-riod of no less than three prior years (or in the case of an entity established less than three years prior to the entity’s application date, the period beginning on the date of establishment and ending on the application date), including cash on hand and net asset information, in sup-port of a request for management fees. The Foundation shall also require awardees to re-port to the Foundation, within 30 days of re-ceipt, any sources of non-Federal funds received in excess of $50,000 during the award period. 
(D) E
XPENSE REPORTING .—The Foundation 
shall require awardees to track and report to the Foundation annually all expenses reimbursed or otherwise paid for with management fee funds, in accordance with Federal accounting practices as established in Government Accountability Of-fice Report GAO-12-331G, or any successor re-port thereto. 
(E) A
UDITS .—The Inspector General of the 
Foundation may audit any Foundation award for compliance with this paragraph. 
(F) P
ROHIBITED USES .—An awardee may not 
use management fees for— 
(i) costs allowable under Cost Principles Uni-
form Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200, Subpart E, or any successor regulation thereto; 
(ii) alcoholic beverages; (iii) tickets to concerts, or sporting and other 
entertainment events; 
(iv) vacation or other travel for nonbusiness 
purposes; 
(v) charitable contributions; (vi) social or sporting club memberships; (vii) meals for nonbusiness purposes; 
(viii) luxury or personal items; (ix) lobbying, as described in the Uniform 
Guidance at 2 C.F.R. 200.450; or 
(x) any other purpose the Foundation deter-
mines is inappropriate. 
(G) R
EVIEW .—The Foundation shall review 
management fee usage under each Foundation award on at least an annual basis for compli-ance with this paragraph and the Foundation’s Large Facilities Manual. 
(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress a report describing the Foundation’s policies for developing and man-aging major multi-user research facility con-struction costs, including a description of any aspects of the policies that diverge from the best practices recommended in Government Account-ability Office Report GAO-09-3SP, or any suc-cessor report thereto, and the Uniform Guidance in 2 C.F.R. part 200. 
SEC. 109. WHISTLEBLOWER EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Foundation shall be 
subject to section 4712 of title 41, United States Code. 
(b) E
DUCATION AND TRAINING .—The Founda-
tion shall provide education and training for Foundation managers and staff on the require-
ments of such section 4712, and provide informa-tion on the law to all grantees, contractors, and employees of such grantees and contractors. 
SEC. 110. GRADUATE STUDENT SUPPORT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the essential elements of the NSF Research Traineeship Program, formerly the In-tegrative Graduate Education and Research Traineeship program, (or any successor thereto) should be maintained, including— 
(1) collaborative research that transcends tra-
ditional disciplinary boundaries to solve large and complex research problems of significant scientific and societal importance; and 
(2) providing students the opportunity to be-
come leaders in the science and engineering of the future. 
(b) M
ODELS FOR SUPPORT .—The Director shall 
enter into an agreement with the National Re-search Council to convene a workshop or round-table to examine models of Federal support for STEM graduate students, including the Foun-dation’s Graduate Research Fellowship program and comparable fellowship programs at other agencies, traineeship programs, and the re-search assistant model. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the workshop or 
roundtable shall be to compare and evaluate the extent to which each of these models helps to prepare graduate students for diverse careers utilizing STEM degrees, including at diverse types of institutions of higher education, in in-dustry, and at government agencies and re-search laboratories, and to make recommenda-tions regarding— 
(1) how current Federal programs and models, 
including programs and models at the Founda-tion, can be improved; 
(2) the appropriateness of the current distribu-
tion of funding among the different models at the Foundation and across the agencies; and 
(3) the appropriateness of creating a new edu-
cation and training program for graduate stu-dents distinct from programs that provide direct financial support, including the grants author-ized in section 527 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p-15). 
(d) C
RITERIA .—At a minimum, in comparing 
programs and models, the workshop or round-table participants shall consider the capacity of such programs or models to provide students with knowledge and skills— 
(1) to become independent, creative, successful 
researchers; 
(2) to participate in large interdisciplinary re-
search projects, including in an international context; 
(3) to adhere to the highest standards for re-
search ethics; 
(4) to become high-quality teachers utilizing 
the most currently available evidence-based ped-agogy; 
(5) in oral and written communication, to both 
technical and nontechnical audiences; 
(6) in innovation, entrepreneurship, and busi-
ness ethics; and 
(7) in program management. (e) G
RADUATE STUDENT INPUT.—The partici-
pants in the workshop or roundtable shall in-clude current or recent STEM graduate stu-dents. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the National Re-search Council shall submit to Congress a sum-mary report of the findings and recommenda-tions of the workshop or roundtable convened under this section. 
SEC. 111. PERMISSIBLE SUPPORT. 
A grant made by the Education and Human 
Resources Directorate to support informal edu-cation may be used— 
(1) to support the participation of underrep-
resented students in nonprofit competitions, out- of-school activities, and field experiences related to STEM subjects (such as robotics, science re-search, invention, mathematics, and technology competitions), including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3429 May 20, 2015 
(A) the purchase of parts and supplies needed 
to participate in such competitions; and 
(B) incentives and stipends for teachers and 
instructional leaders who are involved in assist-ing students and preparing students for such competitions, if such activities fall outside the regular duties and responsibilities of such teach-ers and instructional leaders; and 
(2) to broaden underrepresented secondary 
school students’ access to, and interest in, ca-reers that require academic preparation in STEM subjects. 
SEC. 112. EXPANDING STEM OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Within the Directorate for 
Education and Human Resources (or any suc-cessor thereto), under existing programs tar-geting broadening participation, the Director shall provide grants on a merit-reviewed, com-petitive basis for research on programming that engages underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Grants awarded under this 
section shall be used for research to advance the engagement of underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM through the development and implementation of innovative before-school, after-school, out-of- school, or summer activities, including programs (if applicable to the target population) provided in a single-gender environment, that are de-signed to encourage interest, engagement, and skills development of underrepresented students in STEM. Such research shall be conducted in learning environments that actively provide pro-gramming to underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM. 
(2) P
ERMITTED ACTIVITIES .—Such activities 
may include— 
(A) the development and implementation of 
programming described in subsection (a) for the purpose of research; 
(B) the use of a variety of engagement meth-
ods, including cooperative and hands-on learn-ing; 
(C) exposure of underrepresented youth to role 
models in the fields of STEM, including re-searchers in the National Laboratories, and nearpeer mentors; 
(D) training of informal learning educators 
and youth-serving professionals using evidence- based methods consistent with the target stu-dent population being served; 
(E) education of students on the relevance 
and significance of STEM careers, provision of academic advice and assistance, and activities designed to help students make real-world con-nections to STEM content activities; 
(F) the attendance of underrepresented youth 
at events, competitions, and academic programs to provide content expertise and encourage ca-reer exposure in STEM; 
(G) activities designed to engage parents of 
underrepresented youth; 
(H) innovative strategies to engage underrep-
resented youth, such as using leadership skill outcome measures to encourage youth with the confidence to pursue STEM coursework and academic study; 
(I) coordination with STEM-rich environ-
ments, including other nonprofit, nongovern-mental organizations, classroom and out-of- classroom settings, institutions of higher edu-cation, vocational facilities, corporations, muse-ums, National Laboratories, or science centers; and 
(J) the acquisition of instructional materials 
or technology-based tools to conduct applicable grant activity. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—An applicant seeking fund-
ing under the section shall submit an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as may be required. The application shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) A description of the target audience to be 
served by the program. (2) A description of the process for recruitment 
and selection of students, as appropriate. 
(3) A description of how such research activity 
may inform programming that engages under-represented students in grades kindergarten through 8 in STEM. 
(4) A description of how such research activity 
may inform programming that promotes student academic achievement in STEM. 
(5) An evaluation plan that includes, at a 
minimum, the use of outcome-oriented measures to determine the impact and efficacy of activi-ties being researched. 
(d) A
WARDS .—In awarding grants under this 
section, the Director shall give priority to appli-cants which, for the purpose of grant activity, include or partner with a nonprofit, nongovern-mental organization that has extensive experi-ence and expertise in increasing the participa-tion of underrepresented students in STEM. 
(e) A
CCOUNTABILITY AND DISSEMINATION .— 
(1) E VALUATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 5 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall evaluate the grants provided under this section. In addition to evaluating the effectiveness of the grant activities, such eval-uation shall— 
(A) use a common set of benchmarks and as-
sessment tools to identify best practices and ma-terials developed or demonstrated by the re-search; and 
(B) to the extent practicable, combine the re-
search resulting from the grant activity with the current research on serving underrepresented students in grades kindergarten through 8. 
(2) R
EPORT ON EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 
180 days after the completion of the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Director shall submit to Congress and make widely available to the public a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the evaluation; and (B) any recommendations for administrative 
and legislative action that could optimize the ef-fectiveness of the program. 
(f) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Director shall consult, cooperate, and coordinate, to enhance program effectiveness and to avoid duplication, with the programs and policies of other relevant Federal agencies. 
SEC. 113. REVIEW OF EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall review 
the education programs of the Foundation that are in operation as of the date of enactment of this Act to determine— 
(1) whether any of such programs duplicate 
target groups, services provided, fields of focus, or objectives; and 
(2) how those programs are being evaluated 
and assessed for outcome-oriented effectiveness. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter as part of the annual budget submis-sion to Congress, the Director shall complete a report on the review carried out under this sec-tion and shall submit the report to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and shall make the report widely available to the public. 
SEC. 114. RECOMPETITION OF AWARDS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds that— 
(1) the merit-reviewed competition of grant 
and award proposals is a hallmark of the Foun-dation grant and award making process; 
(2) the majority of Foundation-funded multi- 
user research facilities have transitioned to five- year cooperative agreements, and every five years the program officer responsible for the fa-cility makes a recommendation to the National Science Board as to the renewal, recompetition, or termination of support for the facility; and 
(3) requiring the recompetition of expiring 
awards is based on the conviction that competi-tion is most likely to ensure the effective stew-
ardship of Foundation funds for supporting re-search and education. 
(b) R
ECOMPETITION .—The Director shall en-
sure that the system for recompetition of Main-tenance and Operations of facilities, equipment and instrumentation is fair, consistent, and transparent and is applied in a manner that re-news grants and awards in a timely manner. The Director shall periodically evaluate whether the criteria of the system are being applied in a manner that is transparent, reliable, and valid. 
SEC. 115. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS REGARDING 
INDUSTRY INVESTMENT IN STEM EDUCATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) in order to bolster the STEM workforce 
pipeline, many industry sectors are becoming in-volved in K-12 initiatives and supporting under-graduate and graduate work in STEM subject areas and fields; 
(2) partnerships with education providers, 
STEM focused competitions, and other opportu-nities have become important aspects of private sector efforts to strengthen the STEM work-force; 
(3) understanding the work that private sector 
organizations are undertaking in STEM fields should inform the Federal Government’s role in STEM education; and 
(4) successful private sector STEM initiatives, 
as reflected by measurements of relevant out-comes, should be encouraged and supported by the Foundation. 
SEC. 116. MISREPRESENTATION OF RESEARCH 
RESULTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—The findings and conclu-
sions of any article authored by a principal in-vestigator receiving a research grant from the Foundation, using the results of the research conducted under the grant, that is published in a peer-reviewed publication, otherwise made publicly available, or incorporated in an appli-cation for a research grant or grant extension from the Foundation may not contain any fal-sification, fabrication, or plagiarism, as estab-lished in the Foundation’s Research Misconduct regulation (45 C.F.R. 689). 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—The Director shall make 
publicly available any finding that research misconduct (as defined in 45 C.F.R. 689) has been committed, including the name of the prin-cipal investigator, within 30 days of the final administration action of the Foundation. 
SEC. 117. RESEARCH REPRODUCIBILITY AND REP-
LICATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the gold standard of good science is the 
ability of a researcher or research lab to repro-duce a published method and finding; 
(2) there is growing concern that some pub-
lished research findings cannot be reproduced or replicated, which can negatively affect the public’s trust in science; 
(3) there are a complex set of factors affecting 
reproducibility and replication; and 
(4) the increasing interdisciplinary nature and 
complexity of scientific research may be a con-tributing factor to issues with research repro-ducibility and replication. 
(b) R
EPORT .—The Director shall— 
(1) not later than 45 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, enter into an agreement with the National Research Council to provide, within 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, a report to assess research and data re-producibility and replicability issues in inter-disciplinary research and to make recommenda-tions on how to improve rigor and transparency in scientific research; and 
(2) not later than 60 days after receiving the 
results of the assessment under paragraph (1), submit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3430 May 20, 2015 
the findings of the assessment, together with the 
agreement or disagreement of the Director and Board with each of its findings and rec-ommendations. 
SEC. 118. RESEARCH GRANT CONDITIONS. 
The Foundation shall establish procedures to 
ensure that— 
(1) a research grant awarded by the Founda-
tion to a principal investigator supports a scope of work not otherwise being directly funded by grants provided by other Federal agencies; 
(2) a principal investigator includes in any 
application for a research grant awarded by the Foundation a list of all Federal research fund-ing received by the principal investigator, as well as any funding that is being requested as of that time; 
(3) unpublished research results used to sup-
port a grant proposal made to the Foundation do not include any knowing misrepresentations of data; 
(4) principal investigators who receive Foun-
dation research grant funding under more than one grant at the same time have sufficient re-sources to conduct the proposed research under each of those grants appropriately under the terms of the grant; and 
(5) barriers to early career and new investi-
gator applicants are addressed, including taking into account the broader accomplishments and potential of the individual investigator in addi-tion to the potential impact of the project. 
SEC. 119. COMPUTING RESOURCES STUDY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to the Congress a report detailing the results of a study on the use of scientific com-puting resources funded by the Foundation at institutions of higher education. Such study shall assess— 
(1) efficiencies that can be achieved by using 
shared scientific computing resources for projects that have similar scientific computing requirements or projects where specialized soft-ware solutions could be shared with other prac-titioners in the scientific community; 
(2) efficiencies that can be achieved by using 
shared hardware that can be cost effectively procured from cloud computing services; 
(3) efficiencies that can be achieved by using 
shared software from an open source repository or platform; and 
(4) cost savings that could be achieved by po-
tential sharing of scientific computing resources across all Foundation grants. 
SEC. 120. SCIENTIFIC BREAKTHROUGH PRIZES. 
The Director shall place a high priority on de-
signing and administering pilot programs for scientific breakthrough prizes, in conjunction with private entities, that are consistent with Office of Science and Technology Policy guide-lines. Breakthrough prizes shall center around technological breakthroughs that are of stra-tegic importance to the Nation, and have the ca-pacity to spur new economic growth. 
SEC. 121. ROTATING PERSONNEL. 
In order to control the costs to the Foundation 
of individuals employed pursuant to the Inter-governmental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 note)— 
(1) the Foundation shall provide to Congress a 
written justification and waiver by the Deputy Director in instances in which such an indi-vidual is to be paid at a rate that exceeds the maximum rate of pay for the Senior Executive Service, including, if applicable, adjustment for the certified Senior Executive Service Perform-ance Appraisal System; 
(2) the Foundation shall provide to Congress a 
written justification and waiver by the Director in instances in which such an individual is to be paid at a rate that exceeds the annual salary rate of the Vice President of the United States; and 
(3) the Foundation shall provide an annual 
report to Congress on the costs to the Founda-tion of employing such individuals, including— (A) the timeliness and completeness of Foun-
dation actions in response to recommendations and findings from the Office of Inspector Gen-eral related to the employment of such individ-uals; 
(B) actions taken by the Foundation to reduce 
the cost to the Foundation of the employment of such individuals at pay levels that exceed the threshold described in paragraph (1); 
(C) the value to the Foundation of employing 
individuals pursuant to the Intergovernmental Personnel Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4701 note) whose pay is set below the threshold described in paragraph (1); and 
(D) the value to the Foundation of employing 
individuals who are not permanent employees whose pay requires a justification and waiver under paragraph (1) or (2). 
SEC. 122. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING IN-
NOVATION CORPS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Foundation’s Innovation Corps (I- 
Corps) was established to foster a national inno-vation ecosystem by encouraging institutions, scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs to iden-tify and explore the innovation and commercial potential of Foundation-funded research well beyond the laboratory; 
(2) the Foundation’s I-Corps includes invest-
ment in entrepreneurship and commercialization education, training, and mentoring, ultimately leading to the practical deployment of tech-nologies, products, processes, and services that improve the Nation’s competitiveness, promote economic growth, and benefit society; and 
(3) by building networks of entrepreneurs, 
educators, mentors, institutions, and collabora-tions, and supporting specialized education and training, I-Corps is at the leading edge of a strong, lasting foundation for an American in-novation ecosystem. 
SEC. 123. BRAIN RESEARCH THROUGH ADVANC-
ING INNOVATIVE NEUROTECHNOLOGIES INITIATIVE. 
The Foundation shall support research activi-
ties related to the Brain Research through Ad-vancing Innovative Neurotechnologies Initia-tive. The Foundation is encouraged to work in conjunction with the Interagency Working Group on Neuroscience (IWGN) to determine how to use the data infrastructure of the Foun-dation and other applicable agencies to help neuroscientists collect, standardize, manage, and analyze the large amounts of data that will result from research attempting to understand how the brain functions. 
SEC. 124. NOYCE SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 10A of the Na-
tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n—1a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
bachelor’s’’ after ‘‘master’s’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph 
(2)(B); 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘for teachers with master’s de-
grees in their field’’ after ‘‘Teaching Fellow-ships’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of sub-
paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) in the case of National Science Founda-
tion Master Teaching Fellowships for teachers with bachelor’s degrees in their field and work-ing toward a master’s degree— 
‘‘(A) offering academic courses leading to a 
master’s degree and leadership training to pre-pare individuals to become master teachers in el-ementary and secondary schools; and 
‘‘(B) offering programs both during and after 
matriculation in the program for which the fel-lowship is received to enable fellows to become highly effective mathematics and science teach-ers, including mentoring, training, induction, and professional development activities, to ful-
fill the service requirements of this section, in-cluding the requirements of subsection (e), and to exchange ideas with others in their fields.’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (g) through 
(i) as subsections (h) through (j), respectively; and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(g) S
UPPORT FOR MASTER TEACHING FEL-
LOWS WHILE ENROLLED IN A MASTER ’SDEGREE  
PROGRAM .—A National Science Foundation 
Master Teacher Fellow may receive a maximum of 1 year of fellowship support while enrolled in a master’s degree program as described in sub-section (c)(4)(A), except that if such fellow is en-rolled in a part-time program, such amount shall be prorated according to the length of the program.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 10(i)(5) of the Na-
tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n—1(i)(5)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘computer science,’’ after ‘‘means a science,’’. 
SEC. 125. INFORMAL STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) G RANTS .—The Director, through the Direc-
torate for Education and Human Resources, shall continue to award competitive, merit-re-viewed grants to support— 
(1) research and development of innovative 
out-of-school STEM learning and emerging STEM learning environments in order to im-prove STEM learning outcomes and engagement in STEM; and 
(2) research that advances the field of infor-
mal STEM education. 
(b) U
SES OF FUNDS.—Activities supported by 
grants under this section may encompass a sin-gle STEM discipline, multiple STEM disciplines, or integrative STEM initiatives and shall in-clude— 
(1) research and development that improves 
our understanding of learning and engagement in informal environments, including the role of informal environments in broadening participa-tion in STEM; and 
(2) design and testing of innovative STEM 
learning models, programs, and other resources for informal learning environments to improve STEM learning outcomes and increase engage-ment for K-12 students, K-12 teachers, and the general public, including design and testing of the scalability of models, programs, and other resources. 
SEC. 126. EXPERIMENTAL PROGRAM TO STIMU-
LATE COMPETITIVE RESEARCH. 
The Foundation shall continue to operate a 
robust Experimental Program to Stimulate Com-petitive Research (EPSCoR). The EPSCoR pro-gram helps ensure that academic research insti-tutions in more than half the States develop a strong research infrastructure and participate fully in federally funded research activities. The program should be a high priority for the Foun-dation. 
TITLE II—SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS 
SEC. 201. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) According to the National Science Board’s 
Science and Engineering Indicators, the science and engineering workforce has shown sustained growth for more than half a century, and work-ers with science and engineering degrees tend to earn more than comparable workers in other fields. 
(2) According to the Program for International 
Student Assessment 2012 results, America lags behind many other nations in STEM education. American students rank 21st in science and 26th in mathematics. 
(3) Junior Achievement USA and ING found a 
decrease of 25 percent in the percentage of teen-age students interested in STEM careers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3431 May 20, 2015 
(4) According to a 2007 report from the De-
partment of Labor, industries and firms depend-ent on a strong science and mathematics work-force have launched a variety of programs that target K-12 students and undergraduate and graduate students in STEM fields. 
(5) The Federal Government spends nearly $3 
billion annually on STEM education related program and activities, but encouraging STEM education activities beyond the scope of the Federal Government, including privately spon-sored competitions and programs in our schools, is crucial to the future technical and economic competitiveness of the United States. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) more effective coordination and adoption 
of performance measurement based on objective outcomes for federally supported STEM pro-grams is needed; 
(2) leveraging private and nonprofit invest-
ments in STEM education will be essential to strengthening the Federal STEM portfolio; 
(3) strengthening the Federal STEM portfolio 
may require program consolidations and termi-nations, but such changes should be based on evidence with stakeholder input; 
(4) coordinating STEM programs and activi-
ties across the Federal Government in order to limit duplication and engage stakeholders in STEM programs and related activities for which objective outcomes can be measured will bolster results of Federal STEM education programs, improve the return on taxpayers’ investments in STEM education programs, and in turn strengthen the United States economy; and 
(5) as the Committee on STEM Education im-
plements the 5-year Strategic Plan for Federal STEM education required under section 101(b)(5) of the America COMPETES Reauthor-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621(b)(5)), STEM education stakeholders must be engaged and outcome-based evaluation metrics should be con-sidered in the coordination and consolidation efforts for the Federal STEM portfolio. 
SEC. 202. STEM EDUCATION ADVISORY PANEL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President shall es-
tablish or designate a STEM Education Advi-sory Panel that incorporates key stakeholders from the education and industry sectors. The co-chairs shall be members of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology. 
(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Advisory Panel es-
tablished or designated by the President under subsection (a) shall consist primarily of members from academic institutions, nonprofit organiza-tions, and industry and shall include in-school, out-of-school, and informal educational practi-tioners. Members of the Advisory Panel shall be qualified to provide advice and information on STEM education research, development, train-ing, implementation, interventions, professional development, or workforce needs or concerns. In selecting or designating an Advisory Panel, the President may also seek and give consideration to recommendations from the Congress, indus-try, the scientific community (including the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, scientific profes-sional societies, and academia), State and local governments, and other appropriate organiza-tions. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Panel shall advise 
the President, the Committee on STEM Edu-cation, and the STEM Education Coordinating Office established under section 204 on matters relating to STEM education, and shall each year provide general guidance to every Federal agency with STEM education programs or ac-tivities, including in the preparation of requests for appropriations for activities related to STEM education. The Advisory Panel shall also assess and develop recommendations for— 
(1) progress made in implementing the STEM 
education Strategic Plan required under section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621), and any needs or opportunities to update the strategic plan; (2) the management, coordination, and imple-
mentation of STEM education programs and ac-tivities across the Federal Government; 
(3) the appropriateness of criteria used by 
Federal agencies to evaluate the effectiveness of Federal STEM education programs and activi-ties; 
(4) ways to leverage private and nonprofit 
STEM investments and encourage public-private partnerships to strengthen STEM education and help build the STEM workforce pipeline; 
(5) ways to incorporate workforce needs into 
Federal STEM education programs, particularly for specific fields of national interest and areas experiencing high unemployment rates; 
(6) ways to better vertically and horizontally 
integrate Federal STEM programs and activities from pre-K through graduate study and the workforce, and from in-school to out-of-school in order to improve transitions for students mov-ing through the STEM pipeline; 
(7) whether societal and workforce concerns 
are adequately addressed by current Federal STEM education programs and activities; 
(8) the extent to which Federal STEM edu-
cation programs and activities are contributing to recruitment and retention of women and underrepresented students in the STEM edu-cation and workforce pipeline; and 
(9) ways to encourage geographic diversity in 
STEM education and the workforce pipeline. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—The Advisory Panel shall re-
port, not less frequently than once every 3 fiscal years, to the President and Congress on its as-sessments under subsection (c) and its rec-ommendations for ways to improve Federal STEM education programs. The first report under this subsection shall be submitted within 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(e) T
RAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL MEM-
BERS.—Non-Federal members of the Advisory 
Panel, while attending meetings of the Advisory Panel or while otherwise serving at the request of the head of the Advisory Panel away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individ-uals in the Government serving without pay. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the Advisory Panel who are officers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with existing law. 
SEC. 203. COMMITTEE ON STEM EDUCATION. 
Section 101 of the America COMPETES Reau-
thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) is amended— 
(1) in the first subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(6) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(3) collaborate with the STEM Education 
Advisory Panel established under section 202 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015 and other outside stakeholders to ensure the engagement of the STEM education commu-nity; 
‘‘(4) review evaluation measures used for Fed-
eral STEM education programs;’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated by 
subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by striking ‘‘, periodically update,’’; and 
(2) in the second subsection (b) and in sub-
section (c), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(7)’’. 
SEC. 204. STEM EDUCATION COORDINATING OF-
FICE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Na-
tional Science Foundation shall establish within the Directorate for Education and Human Re-sources a STEM Education Coordinating Office, which shall have a Director and staff that shall include career employees detailed from Federal agencies that fund STEM education programs and activities. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The STEM Education 
Coordinating Office shall— 
(1) provide technical and administrative sup-
port to— 
(A) the Committee on STEM Education, espe-
cially in its coordination of Federal STEM pro-grams and strategic planning responsibilities; 
(B) the Advisory Panel established under sec-
tion 202; and 
(C) Federal agencies with STEM education 
programs; 
(2) periodically update and maintain the in-
ventory of federally sponsored STEM education programs and activities established under sec-tion 101(b)(8) of the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621); and 
(3) provide for dissemination of information 
on Federal STEM education programs and ac-tivities, as appropriate, to stakeholders in aca-demia, industry, nonprofit organizations with expertise in STEM education, State and local educational agencies, and other STEM stake-holders. 
(c) R
EPORT .—The Director of the STEM Edu-
cation Coordinating Office shall transmit a re-port annually to Congress not later than 60 days after the submission of the President’s budget request. The annual report shall in-clude— 
(1) any updates to the inventory required 
under subsection (b)(2); 
(2) a description of all consolidations and ter-
minations of Federal STEM education programs implemented in the previous fiscal year, includ-ing an explanation of the reasons for consolida-tions and terminations; 
(3) recommendations for consolidations and 
terminations of STEM education programs or activities in the upcoming fiscal year; 
(4) a description of any significant new STEM 
Education public-private partnerships; and 
(5) description of the progress made in car-
rying out the strategic plan required under sec-tion 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthor-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621), including a description of the outcome of any program as-sessments completed in the previous year. 
(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF NSF.—The Director 
of the National Science Foundation shall en-courage and monitor the efforts of the STEM Education Coordinating Office to ensure that the Coordinating Office is carrying out its re-sponsibilities under subsection (b) appropriately. 
TITLE III—OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND 
TECHNOLOGY POLICY 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for 
the Office of Science and Technology Policy— 
(1) $4,550,000 for fiscal year 2016; and (2) $4,550,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
SEC. 302. REGULATORY EFFICIENCY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) high and increasing administrative bur-
dens and costs in Federal research administra-tion, particularly in the higher education sector where most federally sponsored research is per-formed, are eroding funds available to carry out basic scientific research; 
(2) progress has been made over the last dec-
ade in streamlining the pre-award grant appli-cation process through Grants.gov, the Federal Government’s website portal; 
(3) post-award administrative costs have 
grown as Federal research agencies have contin-ued to impose agency-unique compliance and re-porting requirements on researchers and re-search institutions; 
(4) facilities and administration costs at re-
search universities can exceed 50 percent of the total value of Federal research grants, and it is estimated that nearly 30 percent of the funds in-vested annually in federally funded research is consumed by paperwork and other administra-tive processes required by Federal agencies; and 
(5) it is a matter of critical importance to 
American competitiveness that administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3432 May 20, 2015 
costs of federally funded research be streamlined 
so that a higher proportion of taxpayer dollars flow into direct research activities. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—The Director of the Office of 
Science and Technology Policy shall establish a working group under the authority of the Na-tional Science and Technology Council, to in-clude the Office of Management and Budget. The working group shall be responsible for re-viewing Federal regulations affecting research and research universities and making rec-ommendations on how to— 
(1) harmonize, streamline, and eliminate du-
plicative Federal regulations and reporting re-quirements; 
(2) minimize the regulatory burden on United 
States institutions of higher education per-forming federally funded research while main-taining accountability for Federal tax dollars; and 
(3) identify and update specific regulations to 
refocus on performance-based goals rather than on process while still meeting the desired out-come. 
(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT.—In carrying out the 
responsibilities under subsection (b), the work-ing group shall take into account input and rec-ommendations from non-Federal stakeholders, including federally funded and nonfederally funded researchers, institutions of higher edu-cation, scientific disciplinary societies and asso-ciations, nonprofit research institutions, indus-try, including small businesses, federally funded research and development centers, and others with a stake in ensuring effectiveness, effi-ciency, and accountability in the performance of scientific research. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 3 years, the Director shall report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate on what steps have been taken to carry out the recommendations of the working group established under subsection (b). 
SEC. 303. COORDINATION OF INTERNATIONAL 
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PART-NERSHIPS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the Of-
fice of Science and Technology Policy shall es-tablish a body under the National Science and Technology Council with the responsibility to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation that can strengthen the United States science and technology enter-prise, improve economic and national security, and support United States foreign policy goals. 
(b) NSTC B
ODYLEADERSHIP .—The body estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall be co-chaired by senior level officials from the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Depart-ment of State. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The body established 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) plan and coordinate interagency inter-
national science and technology cooperative re-search and training activities and partnerships supported or managed by Federal agencies and work with other National Science and Tech-nology Council committees to help plan and co-ordinate the international component of na-tional science and technology priorities; 
(2) establish Federal priorities and policies for 
aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and train-ing activities and partnerships supported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; 
(3) identify opportunities for new inter-
national science and technology cooperative re-search and training partnerships that advance both the science and technology and the foreign policy priorities of the United States; 
(4) in carrying out paragraph (3), solicit input 
and recommendations from non-Federal science and technology stakeholders, including univer-sities, scientific and professional societies, in-dustry, and relevant organizations and institu-
tions; and 
(5) identify broad issues that influence the 
ability of United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts, includ-ing barriers to collaboration and access to sci-entific information. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of 
the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a report, to be updated every 2 years, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. The report shall also be made available to the public on the reporting agency’s website. The report shall contain a description of— 
(1) the priorities and policies established 
under subsection (c)(2); 
(2) the ongoing and new partnerships estab-
lished since the last update to the report; 
(3) the means by which stakeholder input was 
received, as well as summary views of stake-holder input; and 
(4) the issues influencing the ability of United 
States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—The 
Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act and an-nually thereafter, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate, a report that lists and describes all foreign travel by Office of Science and Technology Policy staff and detailees. Each report shall specify the dates of each trip, the purpose of the trip, Office of Science and Technology Policy participants on the trip, total Office of Science and Technology Policy costs associated with the trip, and details of all international meetings, including meeting participants and topics addressed. 
SEC. 304. ALTERNATIVE RESEARCH FUNDING 
MODELS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORITY .—The heads 
of Federal science agencies, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy, shall conduct appropriate pilot programs to validate alternative research fund-ing models, including— 
(1) scientific breakthrough prize programs 
that are of strategic importance to the Nation and have the capacity to spur new economic growth; and 
(2) novel mechanisms of funding including ob-
taining non-Federal funds through crowd source funding. 
(b) N
ON-FEDERAL PARTNERS .—A pilot program 
may be conducted under this section through an agreement, grant, or contractual relationship with a non-Federal entity regarding the design, administration, and funding of the program. 
(c) P
RIZECOMPETITION JUDGES .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENTS .—Judges for a prize com-
petition carried out under this section shall not be required to be Federal employees. An indi-vidual who serves as a judge for a prize competi-tion carried out under this section who is not a Federal employee shall be required to sign an agreement, developed by the Office of Science and Technology Policy, with respect to non-disclosure, conflict of interest, and judging code of conduct requirements. 
(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL FINANCIAL INTER -
ESTS.—A judge for a prize competition with a 
total purse of $10,000 or more, or for an aggre-gate of prize competitions with a total purse of $50,000 or more, shall be required to disclose all personal financial interests. 
(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 
days after the Office of Science and Technology Policy completes development of an agreement under paragraph (1), it shall transmit a report 
to Congress describing the requirements of such agreement. 
(d) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The heads of Federal 
science agencies shall widely advertise prize competitions to be conducted under this section to ensure maximum participation. 
(e) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this section, 
the term ‘‘Federal science agency’’ means— 
(1) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-
ministration; 
(2) the National Science Foundation; (3) the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology; and 
(4) the National Weather Service. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter as part of the annual budg-et submission to Congress, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit to the Congress a report on programs identified and conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 305. AMENDMENTS TO PRIZE COMPETI-
TIONS. 
Section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-
nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘section, 
a prize’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘types’’ after ‘‘following’’; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prizes’’ and 
inserting ‘‘prize competitions’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’ and 
inserting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Government website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and 
inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(3) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘prize’’ and 
inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ be-
fore ‘‘competition’’ both places it appears; 
(5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ 
before ‘‘competition’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ 
before ‘‘competition’’ both places it appears; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—An agency may waive the re-
quirement under paragraph (2). The annual re-port under subsection (p) shall include a list of such waivers granted during the preceding fis-cal year, along with a detailed explanation of the reasons for granting the waivers.’’; 
(6) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ 
before ‘‘competition’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ be-
fore ‘‘competitions’’ both places it appears; 
(7) in subsection (l), by striking all after ‘‘may 
enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, co-operative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity to administer the prize competition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; 
(8) in subsection (m)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Support for a prize com-
petition under this section, including financial support for the design and administration of a prize competition or funds for a cash prize purse, may consist of Federal appropriated funds and funds provided by private sector for- profit and nonprofit entities. The head of an agency may accept funds from other Federal agencies, private sector for-profit entities, and nonprofit entities to support such prize competi-tions. The head of an agency may not give any special consideration to any private sector for- profit or nonprofit entity in return for a dona-tion.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prize 
awards’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3433 May 20, 2015 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘No prize’’ and inserting ‘‘No 
prize competition’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the prize’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
cash prize purse’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘a prize’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse’’; 
(E) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by inserting ‘‘com-
petition’’ after ‘‘prize’’; 
(F) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘a prize’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘cash 
prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
(9) in subsection (n), by inserting ‘‘for both 
for-profit and nonprofit entities,’’ after ‘‘con-tract vehicle’’; 
(10) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘or pro-
viding a prize’’ and insert ‘‘a prize competition or providing a cash prize purse’’; and 
(11) in subsection (p)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘cash 
prizes’’ both places it occurs and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) P
LAN.—A description of crosscutting top-
ical areas and agency-specific mission needs that may be the strongest opportunities for prize competitions during the upcoming 2 fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 306. UNITED STATES CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER. 
Title II of the National Science and Tech-
nology Policy, Organization, and Priorities Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6611 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘
UNITED STATES CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER  
‘‘SEC. 210. (a) A PPOINTMENT .—The President 
may appoint a United States Chief Technology Officer. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reau-thorization Act of 2015, such officer shall be one of the Associate Directors of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The duties of the United States 
Chief Technology Officer should include— 
‘‘(1) advising the President and the Director 
of the Office of Science and Technology Policy on Federal information systems, technology, data, and innovation policies and initiatives; 
‘‘(2) promoting an improved exchange of infor-
mation among the Federal Government, the pub-lic, and Congress; 
‘‘(3) promoting the use of innovative techno-
logical approaches across the Federal Govern-ment to ensure a modern information technology infrastructure; 
‘‘(4) working with the Chief Technology Offi-
cers and Chief Information Officers of all Fed-eral agencies to ensure the use of best tech-nologies and security practices for information systems; 
‘‘(5) establishing a working group with such 
Officers to exchange best practices about infor-mation systems; 
‘‘(6) promoting transparency and account-
ability across the Federal Government for all technological implementation by working with agencies to ensure that each arm of the Federal Government, including the executive branch, makes its records open and accessible; 
‘‘(7) promoting security and privacy protec-
tion policies for all Federal information tech-nology systems that are consistent with Federal law, regulations, and current best practices; 
‘‘(8) promoting technological interoperability 
of key Government functions; 
‘‘(9) in consultation with the Office of Man-
agement and Budget, providing an annual re-port to the President, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, and Congress on the current state of information systems of all Federal agencies, including— 
‘‘(A) the status of information systems, in-
cluding potential technology and security con-cerns about these information systems in all Federal agencies; ‘‘(B) a review of all Federal websites with 
third-party embedded tools that— 
‘‘(i) identifies each embedded tool, who it be-
longs to, and the data it collects; and 
‘‘(ii) addresses effects on cybersecurity and 
consumer privacy, including whether each website provides prominent notice to consumers about the presence of the tool and whether the consumer may opt-out of the tool; 
‘‘(C) the amount of money being spent on var-
ious technologies; and 
‘‘(D) technology recommendations and best 
practices; and 
‘‘(10) such other functions and activities as 
the President and Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy may assign. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—In the absence of a United 
States Chief Technology Officer, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall be responsible for providing the report re-quired under subsection (b)(9).’’. 
SEC. 307. NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL STUDY 
ON TECHNOLOGY FOR EMERGENCY NOTIFICATIONS ON UNIVERSITY CAMPUSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Research Council to conduct and com-plete a study to identify and review technologies employed at institutions of higher education to provide notifications to students, faculty, and other personnel during emergency situations in accordance with the requirements of existing law. The study shall address— 
(1) the timeliness of notifications during emer-
gency situations provided by various tech-nologies; 
(2) the durability of such technologies in de-
livering such notifications to students, faculty, and other personnel; and 
(3) the limitations exhibited by such tech-
nologies to successfully deliver notifications not more than 30 seconds after the institution of higher education transmits such notifications. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the National Research Council enters into the arrangement required by subsection (a), the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under such subsection. 
TITLE IV—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF 
STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY 
SEC. 401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $933,700,000 for the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology for fiscal year 2016. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $744,700,000 shall be for scientific and 
technical research and services laboratory ac-tivities; 
(B) $59,000,000 shall be for the construction 
and maintenance of facilities; and 
(C) $130,000,000 shall be for industrial tech-
nology services activities, of which $125,000,000 shall be for the Manufacturing Extension Part-nership program under sections 25 and 26 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k and 278I) and $5,000,000 shall be for the Network for Manufacturing In-novation Program under section 34 of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2017.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $933,700,000 for the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology for fiscal year 2017. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $744,700,000 shall be for scientific and 
technical research and services laboratory ac-tivities; (B) $59,000,000 shall be for the construction 
and maintenance of facilities; and 
(C) $130,000,000 shall be for industrial tech-
nology services activities, of which $125,000,000 shall be for the Manufacturing Extension Part-nership program under sections 25 and 26 of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k and 278I) and $5,000,000 shall be for the Network for Manufacturing In-novation Program under section 34 of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
SEC. 402. STANDARDS AND CONFORMITY ASSESS-
MENT. 
Section 2 of the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘authorized to take’’ and inserting ‘‘authorized to serve as the President’s principal adviser on standards policy pertaining to the Nation’s technological competitiveness and in-novation ability and to take’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘compare 
standards’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Fed-eral Government’’ and inserting ‘‘facilitate standards-related information sharing and co-operation between Federal agencies’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘Federal, 
State, and local’’ and all that follows through ‘‘private sector’’ and inserting ‘‘technical stand-ards activities and conformity assessment activi-ties of Federal, State, and local governments with private sector’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (22), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (23) as para-
graph (25); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (22) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(23) participate in and support scientific and 
technical conferences; 
‘‘(24) perform pre-competitive measurement 
science and technology research in partnership with institutions of higher education and indus-try to promote United States industrial competi-tiveness; and’’. 
SEC. 403. VISITING COMMITTEE ON ADVANCED 
TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 10 of the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘15 members’’ and inserting 
‘‘not fewer than 11 members’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘at least 10’’ and inserting ‘‘at 
least two-thirds’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The 
Committee may consult with the National Re-search Council in making recommendations re-garding general policy for the Institute.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h)(1), by striking ‘‘, includ-
ing the Program established under section 28,’’. 
SEC. 404. POLICE AND SECURITY AUTHORITY. 
Section 15 of the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278e) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘of the Government; and’’ and 
inserting ‘‘of the Government;’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘United States Code.’’ and in-
serting ‘‘United States Code; and (i) the protec-tion of Institute buildings and other plant facili-ties, equipment, and property, and of employees, associates, visitors, or other persons located therein or associated therewith, notwith-standing any other provision of law.’’. 
SEC. 405. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
The National Institute of Standards and 
Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 271 et seq.) is amend-ed by striking sections 18, 19, and 19A and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 18. EDUCATION AND OUTREACH. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director may support, 
promote, and coordinate activities and efforts to enhance public awareness and understanding of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3434 May 20, 2015 
measurement sciences, standards, and tech-
nology by the general public, industry, and aca-demia in support of the Institute’s mission. 
‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH FELLOWSHIPS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director may award 
research fellowships and other forms of finan-cial and logistical assistance, including direct stipend awards, to— 
‘‘(A) students at institutions of higher edu-
cation within the United States who show prom-ise as present or future contributors to the mis-sion of the Institute; and 
‘‘(B) United States citizens for research and 
technical activities of the Institute. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION .—The Director shall select 
persons to receive such fellowships and assist-ance on the basis of ability and of the relevance of the proposed work to the mission and pro-grams of the Institute. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, financial and logistical assistance includes, notwithstanding section 1345 of title 31, United States Code, or any contrary provi-sion of law, temporary housing and local trans-portation to and from the Institute facilities. 
‘‘(c) P
OST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— 
The Director shall establish and conduct a post- doctoral fellowship program, subject to the availability of appropriations, that shall include not fewer than 20 fellows per fiscal year. In evaluating applications for fellowships under this subsection, the Director shall give consider-ation to the goal of promoting the participation of underrepresented students in research areas supported by the Institute.’’. 
SEC. 406. PROGRAMMATIC PLANNING REPORT. 
Section 23(d) of the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278i(d)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘The 3-year programmatic planning document shall also describe how the Director is addressing recommendations from the Visiting Committee on Advanced Technology established under section 10.’’. 
SEC. 407. ASSESSMENTS BY THE NATIONAL RE-
SEARCH COUNCIL. 
(a) N ATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES RE-
VIEW.—Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology shall enter into a contract with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a single, com-prehensive review of the Institute’s laboratory programs. The review shall— 
(1) assess the technical merits and scientific 
caliber of the research conducted at the labora-tories; 
(2) examine the strengths and weaknesses of 
the 2010 laboratory reorganization on the Insti-tute’s ability to fulfill its mission; 
(3) evaluate how cross-cutting research and 
development activities are planned, coordinated, and executed across the laboratories; and 
(4) assess how the laboratories are engaging 
industry, including the incorporation of indus-try need, into the research goals and objectives of the Institute. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL ASSESSMENTS .—Section 24 of 
the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 278j) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 24. ASSESSMENTS BY THE NATIONAL RE-
SEARCH COUNCIL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Institute shall con-
tract with the National Research Council to per-form and report on assessments of the technical quality and impact of the work conducted at In-stitute laboratories. 
‘‘(b) S
CHEDULE .—Two laboratories shall be as-
sessed under subsection (a) each year, and each laboratory shall be assessed at least once every 3 years. 
‘‘(c) S
UMMARY REPORT .—Beginning in the 
year after the first assessment is conducted under subsection (a), and once every two years thereafter, the Institute shall contract with the National Research Council to prepare a report that summarizes the findings common across the 
individual assessment reports. 
‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL ASSESSMENTS .—The Insti-
tute, at the discretion of the Director, also may contract with the National Research Council to conduct additional assessments of Institute pro-grams and projects that involve collaboration across the Institute laboratories and centers and assessments of selected scientific and technical topics. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION WITHVISITING COMMITTEE  
ONADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .—The National Re-
search Council may consult with the Visiting Committee on Advanced Technology established under section 10 in performing the assessments under this section. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after 
the completion of each assessment, the Institute shall transmit the report on such assessment to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 408. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-
SION PARTNERSHIP. 
Section 25 of the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 25. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-
SION PARTNERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, through the 
Director and, if appropriate, through other offi-cials, shall provide assistance for the creation and support of manufacturing extension cen-ters, to be known as the ‘Hollings Manufac-turing Extension Centers’, for the transfer of manufacturing technology and best business practices (in this Act referred to as the ‘Cen-ters’). The program under this section shall be known as the ‘Hollings Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnership’. 
‘‘(2) A
FFILIATIONS .—Such Centers shall be af-
filiated with any United States-based public or nonprofit institution or organization, or group thereof, that applies for and is awarded finan-cial assistance under this section. 
‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the Centers 
is to enhance competitiveness, productivity, and technological performance in United States manufacturing through— 
‘‘(A) the transfer of manufacturing tech-
nology and techniques developed at the Insti-tute to Centers and, through them, to manufac-turing companies throughout the United States; 
‘‘(B) the participation of individuals from in-
dustry, institutions of higher education, State governments, other Federal agencies, and, when appropriate, the Institute in cooperative tech-nology transfer activities; 
‘‘(C) efforts to make new manufacturing tech-
nology and processes usable by United States- based small and medium-sized companies; 
‘‘(D) the active dissemination of scientific, en-
gineering, technical, and management informa-tion about manufacturing to industrial firms, including small and medium-sized manufac-turing companies; 
‘‘(E) the utilization, when appropriate, of the 
expertise and capability that exists in Federal laboratories other than the Institute; 
‘‘(F) the provision to community colleges and 
area career and technical education schools of information about the job skills needed in small and medium-sized manufacturing businesses in the regions they serve; and 
‘‘(G) promoting and expanding certification 
systems offered through industry, associations, and local colleges, when appropriate. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities of the Centers 
shall include— 
‘‘(1) the establishment of automated manufac-
turing systems and other advanced production technologies, based on Institute-supported re-search, for the purpose of demonstrations and technology transfer; 
‘‘(2) the active transfer and dissemination of 
research findings and Center expertise to a wide range of companies and enterprises, particularly 
small and medium-sized manufacturers; and 
‘‘(3) the facilitation of collaborations and 
partnerships between small and medium-sized manufacturing companies and community col-leges and area career and technical education schools to help such colleges and schools better understand the specific needs of manufacturers and to help manufacturers better understand the skill sets that students learn in the programs offered by such colleges and schools. 
‘‘(c) O
PERATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL SUPPORT .—The Secretary may 
provide financial support to any Center created under subsection (a). The Secretary may not provide to a Center more than 50 percent of the capital and annual operating and maintenance funds required to create and maintain such Cen-ter. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall im-
plement, review, and update the sections of the Code of Federal Regulations related to this sec-tion at least once every 3 years. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any nonprofit institution, 
or consortium thereof, or State or local govern-ment, may submit to the Secretary an applica-tion for financial support under this section, in accordance with the procedures established by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) C
OST SHARING .—In order to receive as-
sistance under this section, an applicant for fi-nancial assistance under subparagraph (A) shall provide adequate assurances that non- Federal assets obtained from the applicant and the applicant’s partnering organizations will be used as a funding source to meet not less than 50 percent of the costs incurred. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the costs incurred means the costs incurred in connection with the activi-ties undertaken to improve the competitiveness, management, productivity, and technological performance of small and medium-sized manu-facturing companies. 
‘‘(C) A
GREEMENTS WITH OTHER ENTITIES .—In 
meeting the 50 percent requirement, it is antici-pated that a Center will enter into agreements with other entities such as private industry, in-stitutions of higher education, and State gov-ernments to accomplish programmatic objectives and access new and existing resources that will further the impact of the Federal investment made on behalf of small and medium-sized man-ufacturing companies. 
‘‘(D) L
EGAL RIGHTS .—Each applicant under 
subparagraph (A) shall also submit a proposal for the allocation of the legal rights associated with any invention which may result from the proposed Center’s activities. 
‘‘(4) M
ERIT REVIEW .—The Secretary shall sub-
ject each such application to merit review. In making a decision whether to approve such ap-plication and provide financial support under this section, the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) The merits of the application, particu-
larly those portions of the application regarding technology transfer, training and education, and adaptation of manufacturing technologies to the needs of particular industrial sectors. 
‘‘(B) The quality of service to be provided. ‘‘(C) Geographical diversity and extent of 
service area. 
‘‘(D) The percentage of funding and amount 
of in-kind commitment from other sources. 
‘‘(5) E
VALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Center that receives 
financial assistance under this section shall be evaluated during its third year of operation by an evaluation panel appointed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPOSITION .—Each such evaluation 
panel shall be composed of private experts, none of whom shall be connected with the involved Center, and Federal officials. 
‘‘(C) C
HAIR.—An official of the Institute shall 
chair the panel. 
‘‘(D) P ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—Each 
evaluation panel shall measure the involved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3435 May 20, 2015 
Center’s performance against the objectives 
specified in this section. 
‘‘(E) P OSITIVE EVALUATION .—If the evaluation 
is positive, the Secretary may provide continued funding through the sixth year. 
‘‘(F) P
ROBATION .—The Secretary shall not 
provide funding unless the Center has received a positive evaluation. A Center that has not re-ceived a positive evaluation by the evaluation panel shall be notified by the panel of the defi-ciencies in its performance and shall be placed on probation for one year, after which time the panel shall reevaluate the Center. If the Center has not addressed the deficiencies identified by the panel, or shown a significant improvement in its performance, the Director shall conduct a new competition to select an operator for the Center or may close the Center. 
‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL FINANCIAL SUPPORT .—After 
the sixth year, a Center may receive additional financial support under this section if it has re-ceived a positive evaluation through an inde-pendent review, under procedures established by the Institute. 
‘‘(H) E
IGHT-YEAR REVIEW .—A Center shall un-
dergo an independent review in the 8th year of operation. Each evaluation panel shall measure the Center’s performance against the objectives specified in this section. A Center that has not received a positive evaluation as a result of an independent review shall be notified by the Pro-gram of the deficiencies in its performance and shall be placed on probation for one year, after which time the Program shall reevaluate the Center. If the Center has not addressed the defi-ciencies identified by the review, or shown a sig-nificant improvement in its performance, the Di-rector shall conduct a new competition to select an operator for the Center or may close the Cen-ter. 
‘‘(I) R
ECOMPETITION .—If a recipient of a Cen-
ter award has received financial assistance for 10 consecutive years, the Director shall conduct a new competition to select an operator for the Center consistent with the plan required in this Act. Incumbent Center operators in good stand-ing shall be eligible to compete for the new award. 
‘‘(J) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) P LAN.—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Director shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan as to how the Institute will conduct reviews, assessments, and reapplication competitions under this para-graph. 
‘‘(ii) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The Director 
shall contract with an independent organization to perform an assessment of the implementation of the reapplication competition process under this paragraph within 3 years after the trans-mittal of the report under clause (i). The organi-zation conducting the assessment under this clause may consult with the MEP Advisory Board. 
‘‘(iii) C
OMPARISON OF CENTERS .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Director shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report providing information on the first and second years of operations for centers operating from new competitions or recompeti-tion as compared to longstanding centers. The report shall provide detail on the engagement in services provided by Centers and the character-istics of services provided, including volume and type of services, so that the Committees can evaluate whether the cost-sharing ratio has an effect on the services provided at Centers. 
‘‘(6) P
ATENT RIGHTS .—The provisions of chap-
ter 18 of title 35, United States Code, shall apply, to the extent not inconsistent with this section, to the promotion of technology from re-
search by Centers under this section except for contracts for such specific technology extension or transfer services as may be specified by stat-ute or by the Director. 
‘‘(7) P
ROTECTION OF CENTER CLIENT CONFIDEN -
TIAL INFORMATION .—Section 552 of title 5, 
United States Code, shall apply to the following information obtained by the Federal Govern-ment on a confidential basis in connection with the activities of any participant involved in the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership: 
‘‘(A) Information on the business operation of 
any participant in a Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership program or of a client of a Center. 
‘‘(B) Trade secrets possessed by any client of 
a Center. 
‘‘(8) A
DVISORY BOARDS .—Each Center’s advi-
sory boards shall institute a conflict of interest policy, approved by the Director, that ensures the Board represents local small and medium- sized manufacturers in the Center’s region. Board Members may not serve as a vendor or provide services to the Center, nor may they serve on more than one Center’s oversight board simultaneously. 
‘‘(d) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to such sums as 
may be appropriated to the Secretary and Direc-tor to operate the Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership, the Secretary and Director also may accept funds from other Federal de-partments and agencies and, under section 2(c)(7), from the private sector for the purpose of strengthening United States manufacturing. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) F UNDS ACCEPTED FROM OTHER FEDERAL  
DEPARTMENTS OR AGENCIES .—The Director shall 
determine whether funds accepted from other Federal departments or agencies shall be count-ed in the calculation of the Federal share of capital and annual operating and maintenance costs under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) F
UNDS ACCEPTED FROM THE PRIVATE SEC -
TOR.—Funds accepted from the private sector 
under section 2(c)(7), if allocated to a Center, may not be considered in the calculation of the Federal share under subsection (c) of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(e) MEP A
DVISORY BOARD .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
within the Institute a Manufacturing Extension Partnership Advisory Board (in this subsection referred to as the ‘MEP Advisory Board’). 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The MEP Advisory Board 
shall consist of not fewer than 10 members broadly representative of stakeholders, to be ap-pointed by the Director. At least 2 members shall be employed by or on an advisory board for the Centers, at least 1 member shall represent a com-munity college, and at least 5 other members shall be from United States small businesses in the manufacturing sector. No member shall be an employee of the Federal Government. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM.—Except as provided in subpara-
graph (C) or (D), the term of office of each mem-ber of the MEP Advisory Board shall be 3 years. 
‘‘(C) V
ACANCIES .—Any member appointed to 
fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expiration of the term for which his predecessor was ap-pointed shall be appointed for the remainder of such term. 
‘‘(D) S
ERVING CONSECUTIVE TERMS .—Any per-
son who has completed two consecutive full terms of service on the MEP Advisory Board shall thereafter be ineligible for appointment during the one-year period following the expira-tion of the second such term. 
‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The MEP Advisory Board 
shall meet not less than 2 times annually and shall provide to the Director— 
‘‘(A) advice on Hollings Manufacturing Ex-
tension Partnership programs, plans, and poli-cies; 
‘‘(B) assessments of the soundness of Hollings 
Manufacturing Extension Partnership plans and strategies; and ‘‘(C) assessments of current performance 
against Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership program plans. 
‘‘(4) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT AP -
PLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In discharging its duties 
under this subsection, the MEP Advisory Board shall function solely in an advisory capacity, in accordance with the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Section 14 of the Federal 
Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the MEP Advisory Board. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—The MEP Advisory Board shall 
transmit an annual report to the Secretary for transmittal to Congress within 30 days after the submission to Congress of the President’s an-nual budget request in each year. Such report shall address the status of the program estab-lished pursuant to this section and comment on the relevant sections of the programmatic plan-ning document and updates thereto transmitted to Congress by the Director under subsections (c) and (d) of section 23. 
‘‘(f) C
OMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall es-
tablish, within the Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership, under this section and sec-tion 26, a program of competitive awards among participants described in paragraph (2) for the purposes described in paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Participants receiving 
awards under this subsection shall be the Cen-ters, or a consortium of such Centers. 
‘‘(3) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this subsection is to add capabilities to the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship, including the development of projects to solve new or emerging manufacturing problems as determined by the Director, in consultation with the Director of the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership program, the MEP Advi-sory Board, and small and medium-sized manu-facturers. One or more themes for the competi-tion may be identified, which may vary from year to year, depending on the needs of manu-facturers and the success of previous competi-tions. Centers may be reimbursed for costs in-curred under the program. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS .—Applications for awards 
under this subsection shall be submitted in such manner, at such time, and containing such in-formation as the Director shall require, in con-sultation with the MEP Advisory Board. 
‘‘(5) S
ELECTION .—Awards under this sub-
section shall be peer reviewed and competitively awarded. The Director shall endeavor to have broad geographic diversity among selected pro-posals. The Director shall select proposals to re-ceive awards that will— 
‘‘(A) improve the competitiveness of industries 
in the region in which the Center or Centers are located; 
‘‘(B) create jobs or train newly hired employ-
ees; and 
‘‘(C) promote the transfer and commercializa-
tion of research and technology from institu-tions of higher education, national laboratories, and nonprofit research institutes. 
‘‘(6) P
ROGRAM CONTRIBUTION .—Recipients of 
awards under this subsection shall not be re-quired to provide a matching contribution. 
‘‘(7) G
LOBAL MARKETPLACE PROJECTS .—In 
making awards under this subsection, the Direc-tor, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board and the Secretary, may take into consid-eration whether an application has significant potential for enhancing the competitiveness of small and medium-sized United States manufac-turers in the global marketplace. 
‘‘(8) D
URATION .—Awards under this sub-
section shall last no longer than 3 years. 
‘‘(g) E VALUATION OF OBSTACLES UNIQUE TO  
SMALL MANUFACTURERS .—The Director shall— 
‘‘(1) evaluate obstacles that are unique to 
small manufacturers that prevent such manu-facturers from effectively competing in the glob-al market; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3436 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(2) implement a comprehensive plan to train 
the Centers to address such obstacles; and 
‘‘(3) facilitate improved communication be-
tween the Centers to assist such manufacturers in implementing appropriate, targeted solutions to such obstacles. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘area career and technical edu-
cation school’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302); and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘community college’ means an 
institution of higher education (as defined under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) at which the highest degree that is predominately awarded to students is an associate’s degree.’’. 
SEC. 409. ELIMINATION OF OBSOLETE REPORTS. 
Section 28 of the National Institute of Stand-
ards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278n) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (g); and (2) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
at the end and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (5). 
SEC. 410. MODIFICATIONS TO GRANTS AND COOP-
ERATIVE AGREEMENTS. 
Section 8(a) of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-
nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3706(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘The total amount of any such grant or cooperative agree-ment may not exceed 75 percent of the total cost of the program.’’. 
SEC. 411. INFORMATION SYSTEMS STANDARDS 
CONSULTATION. 
Section 20(c)(1) of the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g— 3(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the National Se-curity Agency,’’. 
SEC. 412. UNITED STATES-ISRAELI COOPERATION. 
It is the Sense of Congress that— 
(1) partnerships that facilitate basic scientific 
research between the United States and Israel advance technology development, innovation, and commercialization leading to growth in var-ious sectors, including manufacturing, and cre-ating benefits for both nations; 
(2) joint research and development agreements 
carried out through government organizations like the National Institute of Standards and Technology support these efforts; 
(3) partnerships between the United States 
and Israel that further the basic scientific enter-prise should be encouraged; and 
(4) the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology should continue to facilitate sci-entific collaborations between Israel and United States’ technical agencies working in measure-ment science and standardization. 
TITLE V—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
SCIENCE 
SEC. 501. MISSION. 
Section 209 of the Department of Energy Or-
ganization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of 
Science shall be the delivery of scientific discov-eries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the understanding of nature and to advance the energy, economic, and national se-curity of the United States. In support of this mission, the Director shall carry out programs on basic energy sciences, advanced scientific computing research, high energy physics, bio-logical and environmental research, fusion en-ergy sciences, and nuclear physics, including as provided under subtitle A of title V of the Amer-ica COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, through activities focused on— 
‘‘(1) fundamental scientific discoveries 
through the study of matter and energy; 
‘‘(2) science in the national interest, includ-
ing— ‘‘(A) advancing an agenda for American en-
ergy security through research on energy pro-duction, storage, transmission, efficiency, and use; and 
‘‘(B) advancing our understanding of the 
Earth’s climate through research in atmospheric and environmental sciences; and 
‘‘(3) National Scientific User Facilities to de-
liver the 21st century tools of science, engineer-ing, and technology and provide the Nation’s researchers with the most advanced tools of modern science including accelerators, colliders, supercomputers, light sources and neutron sources, and facilities for studying materials science. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEPARTMENT  
OFENERGY PROGRAMS .—The Under Secretary 
for Science and Energy shall ensure the coordi-nation of Office of Science activities and pro-grams with other activities of the Department.’’. 
SEC. 502. BASIC ENERGY SCIENCES. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a 
program in basic energy sciences, including ma-terials sciences and engineering, chemical sciences, physical biosciences, and geosciences, for the purpose of providing the scientific foun-dations for new energy technologies. 
(b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the program de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall be to support fun-damental research to understand, predict, and ultimately control matter and energy at the elec-tronic, atomic, and molecular levels in order to provide the foundations for new energy tech-nologies and to support Department missions in energy, environment, and national security. 
(c) B
ASIC ENERGY SCIENCES USER FACILI -
TIES.—The Director shall carry out a subpro-
gram for the development, construction, oper-ation, and maintenance of national user facili-ties to support the program under this section. As practicable, these facilities shall serve the needs of the Department, industry, the academic community, and other relevant entities to create and examine new materials and chemical proc-esses for the purposes of advancing new energy technologies and improving the competitiveness of the United States. These facilities shall in-clude— 
(1) x-ray light sources; (2) neutron sources; (3) nanoscale science research centers; and (4) other facilities the Director considers ap-
propriate, consistent with section 209 of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139). 
(d) L
IGHT SOURCE LEADERSHIP INITIATIVE .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—In support of the sub-
program authorized in subsection (c), the Direc-tor shall establish an initiative to sustain and advance global leadership of light source user facilities. 
(2) L
EADERSHIP STRATEGY .—Not later than 9 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Director shall pre-pare, in consultation with relevant stake-holders, and submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a light source leadership strategy that— 
(A) identifies, prioritizes, and describes plans 
for the development, construction, and oper-ation of light sources over the next decade; 
(B) describes plans for optimizing management 
and use of existing light source facilities; and 
(C) assesses the international outlook for light 
source user facilities and describes plans for United States cooperation in such projects. 
(3) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE FEEDBACK AND REC -
OMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 45 days after 
submission of the strategy described in para-graph (2), the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee shall provide the Director, the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report of the Advisory Committee’s analyses, findings, and recommendations for improving 
the strategy, including a review of the most re-cent budget request for the initiative. 
(4) P
ROPOSED BUDGET .—The Director shall 
transmit annually to Congress a proposed budg-et corresponding to the activities identified in the strategy. 
(e) A
CCELERATOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Director shall carry out research 
and development on advanced accelerator and storage ring technologies relevant to the devel-opment of Basic Energy Sciences user facilities, in consultation with the Office of Science’s High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics programs. 
(f) E
NERGY FRONTIER RESEARCH CENTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out 
a program to provide awards, on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis, to multi-institutional col-laborations or other appropriate entities to con-duct fundamental and use-inspired energy re-search to accelerate scientific breakthroughs. 
(2) C
OLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration receiv-
ing an award under this subsection may include multiple types of institutions and private sector entities. 
(3) S
ELECTION AND DURATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A collaboration under this 
subsection shall be selected for a period of 5 years. An Energy Frontier Research Center al-ready in existence and supported by the Direc-tor on the date of enactment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years beginning on the date of establishment of that center. 
(B) R
EAPPLICATION .—After the end of the pe-
riod described in subparagraph (A), an awardee may reapply for selection for a second period of 5 years on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis. 
(C) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the exist-
ing authorities of the Department, the Director may terminate an underperforming center for cause during the performance period. 
(4) N
O FUNDING FOR CONSTRUCTION .—No fund-
ing provided pursuant to this subsection may be used for the construction of new buildings or fa-cilities. 
SEC. 503. ADVANCED SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING RE-
SEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a 
research, development, and demonstration pro-gram to advance computational and networking capabilities to analyze, model, simulate, and predict complex phenomena relevant to the de-velopment of new energy technologies and the competitiveness of the United States. 
(b) F
ACILITIES .—The Director, as part of the 
program described in subsection (a), shall de-velop and maintain world-class computing and network facilities for science and deliver critical research in applied mathematics, computer science, and advanced networking to support the Department’s missions. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Department 
of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5541) is amended by strik-ing paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) C
O-DESIGN .—The term ‘co-design’ means 
the joint development of application algorithms, models, and codes with computer technology ar-chitectures and operating systems to maximize effective use of high-end computing systems. 
‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Energy. 
‘‘(3) E XASCALE .—The term ‘exascale’ means 
computing system performance at or near 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per sec-ond. 
‘‘(4) H
IGH-END COMPUTING SYSTEM .—The term 
‘high-end computing system’ means a computing system with performance that substantially ex-ceeds that of systems that are commonly avail-able for advanced scientific and engineering ap-plications. 
‘‘(5) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3437 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(6) L EADERSHIP SYSTEM .—The term ‘leader-
ship system’ means a high-end computing sys-tem that is among the most advanced in the world in terms of performance in solving sci-entific and engineering problems. 
‘‘(7) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘Na-
tional Laboratory’ means any one of the seven-teen laboratories owned by the Department. 
‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
‘‘(9) S OFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘soft-
ware technology’ includes optimal algorithms, programming environments, tools, languages, and operating systems for high-end computing systems.’’. 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY HIGH-ENDCOM-
PUTING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 3 of the Department of Energy 
High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5542) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘program’’ 
and inserting ‘‘coordinated program across the Department’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph 
(1); 
(C) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) partner with universities, National Lab-
oratories, and industry to ensure the broadest possible application of the technology developed in this program to other challenges in science, engineering, medicine, and industry.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘vector’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘architectures’’ and inserting ‘‘computer technologies that show promise of substantial reductions in power re-quirements and substantial gains in parallelism of multicore processors, concurrency, memory and storage, bandwidth, and reliability’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(d) E
XASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a coordinated research program to develop exascale computing systems to advance the mis-sions of the Department. 
‘‘(2) E
XECUTION .—The Secretary shall, 
through competitive merit review, establish two or more National Laboratory-industry-univer-sity partnerships to conduct integrated research, development, and engineering of multiple exascale architectures, and— 
‘‘(A) conduct mission-related co-design activi-
ties in developing such exascale platforms; 
‘‘(B) develop those advancements in hardware 
and software technology required to fully real-ize the potential of an exascale production sys-tem in addressing Department target applica-tions and solving scientific problems involving predictive modeling and simulation and large- scale data analytics and management; and 
‘‘(C) explore the use of exascale computing 
technologies to advance a broad range of science and engineering. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this 
program, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide, on a competitive, merit-reviewed 
basis, access for researchers in United States in-dustry, institutions of higher education, Na-tional Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to these exascale systems, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(B) conduct outreach programs to increase 
the readiness for the use of such platforms by domestic industries, including manufacturers. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NTEGRATED STRATEGY AND PROGRAM  
MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The Secretary shall submit 
to Congress, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, a report outlining an integrated strategy and program manage-ment plan, including target dates for prototypical and production exascale platforms, interim milestones to reaching these targets, functional requirements, roles and responsibil-ities of National Laboratories and industry, ac-
quisition strategy, and estimated resources re-quired, to achieve this exascale system capa-bility. The report shall include the Secretary’s plan for Departmental organization to manage and execute the Exascale Computing Program, including definition of the roles and responsibil-ities within the Department to ensure an inte-grated program across the Department. The re-port shall also include a plan for ensuring bal-ance and prioritizing across ASCR subprograms in a flat or slow-growth budget environment. 
‘‘(B) S
TATUS REPORTS .—At the time of the 
budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that describes the status of mile-stones and costs in achieving the objectives of the exascale computing program. 
‘‘(C) E
XASCALE MERIT REPORT .—At least 18 
months prior to the initiation of construction or installation of any exascale-class computing fa-cility, the Secretary shall transmit a plan to the Congress detailing— 
‘‘(i) the proposed facility’s cost projections 
and capabilities to significantly accelerate the development of new energy technologies; 
‘‘(ii) technical risks and challenges that must 
be overcome to achieve successful completion and operation of the facility; and 
‘‘(iii) an independent assessment of the sci-
entific and technological advances expected from such a facility relative to those expected from a comparable investment in expanded re-search and applications at terascale-class and petascale-class computing facilities, including an evaluation of where investments should be made in the system software and algorithms to enable these advances.’’. 
SEC. 504. HIGH ENERGY PHYSICS. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a 
research program on the fundamental constitu-ents of matter and energy and the nature of space and time. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the 
Congress that— 
(1) the Director should incorporate the find-
ings and recommendations of the Particle Phys-ics Project Prioritization Panel’s report entitled ‘‘Building for Discovery: Strategic Plan for U.S. Particle Physics in the Global Context’’, into the Department’s planning process as part of the program described in subsection (a); 
(2) the Director should prioritize domestically 
hosted research projects that will maintain the United States position as a global leader in par-ticle physics and attract the world’s most tal-ented physicists and foreign investment for international collaboration; and 
(3) the nations that lead in particle physics by 
hosting international teams dedicated to a com-mon scientific goal attract the world’s best tal-ent and inspire future generations of physicists and technologists. 
(c) N
EUTRINO RESEARCH .—As part of the pro-
gram described in subsection (a), the Director shall carry out research activities on rare decay processes and the nature of the neutrino, which may include collaborations with the National Science Foundation or international collabora-tions. 
(d) D
ARK ENERGY AND DARK MATTER RE-
SEARCH .—As part of the program described in 
subsection (a), the Director shall carry out re-search activities on the nature of dark energy and dark matter, which may include collabora-tions with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration or the National Science Founda-tion, or international collaborations. 
(e) A
CCELERATOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Director shall carry out research 
and development in advanced accelerator con-cepts and technologies, including laser tech-nologies, to reduce the necessary scope and cost for the next generation of particle accelerators. The Director shall ensure access to national lab-oratory accelerator facilities, infrastructure, and technology for users and developers of ac-celerators that advance applications in energy 
and the environment, medicine, industry, na-tional security, and discovery science. 
(f) I
NTERNATIONAL COLLABORATION .—The Di-
rector, as practicable and in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies as necessary, shall ensure the access of United States re-searchers to the most advanced accelerator fa-cilities and research capabilities in the world, including the Large Hadron Collider. 
SEC. 505. BIOLOGICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
SEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a 
program of research, development, and dem-onstration in the areas of biological systems science and climate and environmental science to support the energy and environmental mis-sions of the Department. 
(b) P
RIORITY RESEARCH .—In carrying out this 
section, the Director shall prioritize funda-mental research on biological systems and genomics science with the greatest potential to enable scientific discovery. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to Congress identifying climate science-related ini-tiatives under this section that overlap or dupli-cate initiatives of other Federal agencies and the extent of such overlap or duplication. 
(d) L
IMITATION .—The Director shall not ap-
prove new climate science-related initiatives to be carried out through the Office of Science without making a determination that such work is unique and not duplicative of work by other Federal agencies. Not later than 3 months after receiving the assessment required under sub-section (c), the Director shall cease those climate science-related initiatives identified in the as-sessment as overlapping or duplicative, unless the Director justifies that such work is critical to achieving American energy security. 
(e) L
OWDOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director of the Depart-
ment of Energy Office of Science shall carry out a research program on low dose radiation. The purpose of the program is to enhance the sci-entific understanding of and reduce uncertain-ties associated with the effects of exposure to low dose radiation in order to inform improved risk management methods. 
(2) S
TUDY .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies to conduct a study assessing the cur-rent status and development of a long-term strategy for low dose radiation research. Such study shall be completed not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The study shall be conducted in coordination with Federal agencies that perform ionizing ra-diation effects research and shall leverage the most current studies in this field. Such study shall— 
(A) identify current scientific challenges for 
understanding the long-term effects of ionizing radiation; 
(B) assess the status of current low dose radi-
ation research in the United States and inter-nationally; 
(C) formulate overall scientific goals for the 
future of low-dose radiation research in the United States; 
(D) recommend a long-term strategic and 
prioritized research agenda to address scientific research goals for overcoming the identified sci-entific challenges in coordination with other re-search efforts; 
(E) define the essential components of a re-
search program that would address this research agenda within the universities and the National Laboratories; and 
(F) assess the cost-benefit effectiveness of such 
a program. 
(3) R
ESEARCH PLAN .—Not later than 90 days 
after the completion of the study performed under paragraph (2) the Secretary of Energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3438 May 20, 2015 
shall deliver to the Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate a 5-year research plan that responds to the study’s findings and rec-ommendations and identifies and prioritizes re-search needs. 
(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘low dose radiation’’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. 
(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection shall be construed to subject any re-search carried out by the Director under the re-search program under this subsection to any limitations described in section 977(e) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16317(e)). 
SEC. 506. FUSION ENERGY. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a 
fusion energy sciences research program to ex-pand the fundamental understanding of plas-mas and matter at very high temperatures and densities and to build the scientific foundation necessary to enable fusion power. 
(b) F
USION MATERIALS RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT .—As part of the activities authorized in 
section 978 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16318)— 
(1) the Director, in coordination with the As-
sistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy of the De-partment, shall carry out research and develop-ment activities to identify, characterize, and demonstrate materials that can endure the neu-tron, plasma, and heat fluxes expected in a fu-sion power system; and 
(2) the Secretary shall— (A) provide an assessment of the need for a fa-
cility or facilities that can examine and test po-tential fusion and next generation fission mate-rials and other enabling technologies relevant to the development of fusion power; and 
(B) provide an assessment of whether a single 
new facility that substantially addresses mag-netic fusion and next generation fission mate-rials research needs is feasible, in conjunction with the expected capabilities of facilities oper-ational as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) T
OKAMAK RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the program de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Director shall sup-port research and development activities and fa-cility operations to optimize the tokamak ap-proach to fusion energy. 
(2) ITER.— (A) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report providing an assessment of— 
(i) the most recent schedule for ITER that has 
been approved by the ITER Council; and 
(ii) progress of the ITER Council and the 
ITER Director General toward implementation of the recommendations of the Third Biennial International Organization Management Assess-ment Report. 
(B) F
AIRNESS IN COMPETITION FOR SOLICITA -
TIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROJECT ACTIVITIES .— 
Section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, with respect to international research projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ shall refer to facilities or laboratories located in the United States.’’. 
(C) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should support a robust, diverse fusion program. It is further the sense of Congress that developing the sci-entific basis for fusion, providing research re-sults key to the success of ITER, and training the next generation of fusion scientists are of critical importance to the United States and should in no way be diminished by participation of the United States in the ITER project. 
(d) I
NERTIAL FUSION ENERGY RESEARCH AND  
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall 
carry out a program of research and technology development in inertial fusion for energy appli-cations, including ion beam, laser, and pulsed 
power fusion systems. 
(e) A
LTERNATIVE AND ENABLING CONCEPTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the program de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Director shall sup-port research and development activities and fa-cility operations at United States universities, national laboratories, and private facilities for a portfolio of alternative and enabling fusion en-ergy concepts that may provide solutions to sig-nificant challenges to the establishment of a commercial magnetic fusion power plant, prioritized based on the ability of the United States to play a leadership role in the inter-national fusion research community. Fusion en-ergy concepts and activities explored under this paragraph may include— 
(A) high magnetic field approaches facilitated 
by high temperature superconductors; 
(B) advanced stellarator concepts; (C) non-tokamak confinement configurations 
operating at low magnetic fields; 
(D) magnetized target fusion energy concepts; (E) liquid metals to address issues associated 
with fusion plasma interactions with the inner wall of the encasing device; 
(F) immersion blankets for heat management 
and fuel breeding; 
(G) advanced scientific computing activities; 
and 
(H) other promising fusion energy concepts 
identified by the Director. 
(2) C
OORDINATION WITH ARPA –E.—The Under 
Secretary and the Director shall coordinate with the Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy (in this paragraph referred to as ‘‘ARPA–E’’) to— 
(A) assess the potential for any fusion energy 
project supported by ARPA–E to represent a promising approach to a commercially viable fu-sion power plant; 
(B) determine whether the results of any fu-
sion energy project supported by ARPA–E merit the support of follow-on research activities car-ried out by the Office of Science; and 
(C) avoid unintentional duplication of activi-
ties. 
(f) G
ENERAL PLASMA SCIENCE AND APPLICA -
TIONS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall pro-vide to Congress an assessment of opportunities in which the United States can provide world- leading contributions to advancing plasma science and non-fusion energy applications, and identify opportunities for partnering with other Federal agencies both within and outside of the Department of Energy. 
(g) I
DENTIFICATION OF PRIORITIES .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a report on the De-partment’s proposed fusion energy research and development activities over the following 10 years under at least 3 realistic budget scenarios, including a scenario based on 3 percent annual growth in the non-ITER portion of the budget for fusion energy research and development ac-tivities. The report shall— 
(A) identify specific areas of fusion energy re-
search and enabling technology development in which the United States can and should estab-lish or solidify a lead in the global fusion energy development effort; 
(B) identify priorities for initiation of facility 
construction and facility decommissioning under each of those scenarios; and 
(C) assess the ability of the United States fu-
sion workforce to carry out the activities identi-fied in subparagraphs (A) and (B), including the adequacy of college and university programs to train the leaders and workers of the next gen-eration of fusion energy researchers. 
(2) P
ROCESS .—In order to develop the report 
required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall leverage best practices and lessons learned from the process used to develop the most recent report of the Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel of the High Energy Physics Advisory Panel. No member of the Fusion En-
ergy Sciences Advisory Committee shall be ex-cluded from participating in developing or vot-ing on final approval of the report required under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 507. NUCLEAR PHYSICS. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a 
program of experimental and theoretical re-search, and support associated facilities, to dis-cover, explore, and understand all forms of nu-clear matter. 
(b) I
SOTOPE DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION  
FOR RESEARCH APPLICATIONS .—The Director 
shall carry out a program for the production of isotopes, including the development of tech-niques to produce isotopes, that the Secretary determines are needed for research, medical, in-dustrial, or other purposes. In making this de-termination, the Secretary shall— 
(1) ensure that, as has been the policy of the 
United States since the publication in 1965 of Federal Register notice 30 Fed. Reg. 3247, iso-tope production activities do not compete with private industry unless critical national inter-ests necessitate the Federal Government’s in-volvement; 
(2) ensure that activities undertaken pursuant 
to this section, to the extent practicable, pro-mote the growth of a robust domestic isotope production industry; and 
(3) consider any relevant recommendations 
made by Federal advisory committees, the Na-tional Academies, and interagency working groups in which the Department participates. 
SEC. 508. SCIENCE LABORATORIES INFRASTRUC-
TURE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a 
program to improve the safety, efficiency, and mission readiness of infrastructure at Office of Science laboratories. The program shall include projects to— 
(1) renovate or replace space that does not 
meet research needs; 
(2) replace facilities that are no longer cost ef-
fective to renovate or operate; 
(3) modernize utility systems to prevent fail-
ures and ensure efficiency; 
(4) remove excess facilities to allow safe and 
efficient operations; and 
(5) construct modern facilities to conduct ad-
vanced research in controlled environmental conditions. 
(b) A
PPROACH .—In carrying out this section, 
the Director shall utilize all available ap-proaches and mechanisms, including capital line items, minor construction projects, energy sav-ings performance contracts, utility energy serv-ice contracts, alternative financing, and expense funding, as appropriate. 
SEC. 509. DOMESTIC MANUFACTURING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the current ability of do-mestic manufacturers to meet the procurement requirements for major ongoing projects funded by the Office of Science of the Department, in-cluding a calculation of the percentage of equip-ment acquired from domestic manufacturers for this purpose. 
SEC. 510. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016.—There are authorized 
to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Of-fice of Science for fiscal year 2016 $5,339,800,000, of which— 
(1) $1,850,000,000 shall be for Basic Energy 
Science; 
(2) $788,000,000 shall be for High Energy Phys-
ics; 
(3) $550,000,000 shall be for Biological and En-
vironmental Research; 
(4) $624,700,000 shall be for Nuclear Physics; (5) $621,000,000 shall be for Advanced Sci-
entific Computing Research; 
(6) $488,000,000 shall be for Fusion Energy 
Sciences; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3439 May 20, 2015 
(7) $113,600,000 shall be for Science Labora-
tories Infrastructure; 
(8) $181,000,000 shall be for Science Program 
Direction; 
(9) $103,000,000 shall be for Safeguards and 
Security; and 
(10) $20,500,000 shall be for Workforce Devel-
opment for Teachers and Scientists. 
(b) F ISCAL YEAR2017.—There are authorized 
to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Of-fice of Science for fiscal year 2017 $5,339,800,000, of which— 
(1) $1,850,000,000 shall be for Basic Energy 
Science; 
(2) $788,000,000 shall be for High Energy Phys-
ics; 
(3) $550,000,000 shall be for Biological and En-
vironmental Research; 
(4) $624,700,000 shall be for Nuclear Physics; (5) $621,000,000 shall be for Advanced Sci-
entific Computing Research; 
(6) $488,000,000 shall be for Fusion Energy 
Sciences; 
(7) $113,600,000 shall be for Science Labora-
tories Infrastructure; 
(8) $181,000,000 shall be for Science Program 
Direction; 
(9) $103,000,000 shall be for Safeguards and 
Security; and 
(10) $20,500,000 shall be for Workforce Devel-
opment for Teachers and Scientists. 
SEC. 511. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— 
(1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-
ment of Energy; 
(2) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of 
the Office of Science of the Department; and 
(3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary 
of Energy. 
TITLE VI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
APPLIED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
Subtitle A—Crosscutting Research and 
Development 
SEC. 601. CROSSCUTTING RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT. 
(a) C ROSSCUTTING RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Secretary shall, through the Under 
Secretary for Science and Energy, utilize the ca-pabilities of the Department to identify strategic opportunities for collaborative research, devel-opment, demonstration, and commercial applica-tion of innovative science and technologies for— 
(1) advancing the understanding of the en-
ergy-water-land use nexus; 
(2) modernizing the electric grid by improving 
energy transmission and distribution systems se-curity and resiliency; 
(3) utilizing supercritical carbon dioxide in 
electric power generation; 
(4) subsurface technology and engineering; (5) high performance computing; (6) cybersecurity; and (7) critical challenges identified through com-
prehensive energy studies, evaluations, and re-views. 
(b) C
ROSSCUTTING APPROACHES .—To the max-
imum extent practicable, the Secretary shall seek to leverage existing programs, and consoli-date and coordinate activities, throughout the Department to promote collaboration and cross-cutting approaches within programs. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—The Secretary 
shall— 
(1) prioritize activities that promote the utili-
zation of all affordable domestic resources; 
(2) develop a rigorous and realistic planning, 
evaluation, and technical assessment framework for setting objective, long-term strategic goals and evaluating progress that ensures the integ-rity and independence to insulate planning from political influence and the flexibility to adapt to market dynamics; 
(3) ensure that activities shall be undertaken 
in a manner that does not duplicate other ac-tivities within the Department or other Federal Government activities; and 
(4) identify programs that may be more effec-
tively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-
cation, or other stakeholders. 
SEC. 602. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PORTFOLIO 
ANALYSIS AND COORDINATION PLAN. 
Section 994 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 
U.S.C. 16358) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 994. STRATEGIC RESEARCH PORTFOLIO 
ANALYSIS AND COORDINATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall peri-
odically review all of the science and technology activities of the Department in a strategic framework that takes into account the frontiers of science to which the Department can con-tribute, the national needs relevant to the De-partment’s statutory missions, and global energy dynamics. 
‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION ANALYSIS AND PLAN.—As 
part of the review under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall develop a plan to improve coordina-tion and collaboration in research, development, demonstration, and commercial application ac-tivities across Department organizational boundaries. 
‘‘(c) P
LAN CONTENTS .—The plan shall de-
scribe— 
‘‘(1) cross-cutting scientific and technical 
issues and research questions that span more than one program or major office of the Depart-ment; 
‘‘(2) how the applied technology programs of 
the Department are coordinating their activities, and addressing those questions; 
‘‘(3) ways in which the technical interchange 
within the Department, particularly between the Office of Science and the applied technology programs, can be enhanced, including limited ways in which the research agendas of the Of-fice of Science and the applied programs can better interact and assist each other; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the Secretary will 
ensure that the Department’s overall research agenda include, in addition to fundamental, cu-riosity-driven research, fundamental research related to topics of concern to the applied pro-grams, and applications in Departmental tech-nology programs of research results generated by fundamental, curiosity-driven research; 
‘‘(5) critical assessments of any ongoing pro-
grams that have experienced sub-par perform-ance or cost over-runs of 10 percent or more over one or more years; and 
‘‘(6) activities that may be more effectively left 
to the States, industry, nongovernmental orga-nizations, institutions of higher education, or other stakeholders. 
‘‘(d) P
LAN TRANSMITTAL .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate the results of the review under subsection (a) and the coordination plan under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 603. STRATEGY FOR FACILITIES AND INFRA-
STRUCTURE. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 993 of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16357) is amended— 
(1) by amending the section heading to read 
as follows: ‘‘ STRATEGY FOR FACILITIES 
AND INFRASTRUCTURE ’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘2008’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
item relating to section 993 in the table of con-tents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 993. Strategy for facilities and infrastruc-
ture.’’. 
Subtitle B—Electricity Delivery and Energy 
Reliability Research and Development 
SEC. 611. DISTRIBUTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC 
ENERGY SYSTEMS. 
Section 921 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16211) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 921. DISTRIBUTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC 
ENERGY SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry 
out programs of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application on dis-tributed energy resources and systems reliability and efficiency, to improve the reliability and ef-ficiency of distributed energy resources and sys-tems, integrating advanced energy technologies with grid connectivity, including activities de-scribed in this subtitle. The programs shall ad-dress advanced energy technologies and systems and advanced grid security, resiliency, and reli-ability technologies. 
‘‘(b) O
BJECTIVES .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall seek to— 
‘‘(1) leverage existing programs; ‘‘(2) consolidate and coordinate activities 
throughout the Department to promote collabo-ration and crosscutting approaches; 
‘‘(3) ensure activities are undertaken in a 
manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Govern-ment activities; and 
‘‘(4) identify programs that may be more effec-
tively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, or other stakeholders.’’. 
SEC. 612. ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND DIS-
TRIBUTION RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 925 of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16215) is amended— 
(1) by amending the section heading to read 
as follows: ‘‘ ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND 
DISTRIBUTION RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT ’’; 
(2) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish 
a comprehensive research, development, and demonstration program to ensure the reliability, efficiency, and environmental integrity of elec-trical transmission and distribution systems, which shall include innovations for— 
‘‘(1) advanced energy delivery technologies, 
energy storage technologies, materials, and sys-tems; 
‘‘(2) advanced grid reliability and efficiency 
technology development; 
‘‘(3) technologies contributing to significant 
load reductions; 
‘‘(4) advanced metering, load management, 
and control technologies; 
‘‘(5) technologies to enhance existing grid 
components; 
‘‘(6) the development and use of high-tempera-
ture superconductors to— 
‘‘(A) enhance the reliability, operational flexi-
bility, or power-carrying capability of electric transmission or distribution systems; or 
‘‘(B) increase the efficiency of electric energy 
generation, transmission, distribution, or stor-age systems; 
‘‘(7) integration of power systems, including 
systems to deliver high-quality electric power, electric power reliability, and combined heat and power; 
‘‘(8) supply of electricity to the power grid by 
small scale, distributed, and residential-based power generators; 
‘‘(9) the development and use of advanced 
grid design, operation, and planning tools; and 
‘‘(10) any other infrastructure technologies, as 
appropriate.’’; and 
(3) by amending subsection (c) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSORTIUM .—The Secretary shall con-
sider implementing the program under this sec-tion using a consortium of participants from in-dustry, institutions of higher education, and National Laboratories. 
‘‘(2) O
BJECTIVES .—To the maximum extent 
practicable the Secretary shall seek to— 
‘‘(A) leverage existing programs; ‘‘(B) consolidate and coordinate activities, 
throughout the Department to promote collabo-ration and crosscutting approaches; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3440 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(C) ensure activities are undertaken in a 
manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Govern-ment activities; and 
‘‘(D) identify programs that may be more ef-
fectively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, or other stakeholders.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
item relating to section 925 in the table of con-tents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 925. Electric transmission and distribu-
tion research and development.’’. 
Subtitle C—Nuclear Energy Research and 
Development 
SEC. 621. OBJECTIVES. 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16271) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct programs of civilian nuclear energy re-search, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application, including activities de-scribed in this subtitle. Such programs shall take into consideration the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) Enhancing nuclear power’s viability as 
part of the United States energy portfolio. 
‘‘(2) Reducing used nuclear fuel and nuclear 
waste products generated by civilian nuclear en-ergy. 
‘‘(3) Supporting technological advances in 
areas that industry by itself is not likely to un-dertake because of technical and financial un-certainty. 
‘‘(4) Providing the technical means to reduce 
the likelihood of nuclear proliferation. 
‘‘(5) Maintaining a cadre of nuclear scientists 
and engineers. 
‘‘(6) Maintaining National Laboratory and 
university nuclear programs, including their in-frastructure. 
‘‘(7) Supporting both individual researchers 
and multidisciplinary teams of researchers to pioneer new approaches in nuclear energy, science, and technology. 
‘‘(8) Developing, planning, constructing, ac-
quiring, and operating special equipment and facilities for the use of researchers. 
‘‘(9) Supporting technology transfer and other 
appropriate activities to assist the nuclear en-ergy industry, and other users of nuclear science and engineering, including activities ad-dressing reliability, availability, productivity, component aging, safety, and security of nu-clear power plants. 
‘‘(10) Reducing the environmental impact of 
nuclear energy-related activities. 
‘‘(11) Researching and developing technologies 
and processes to meet Federal and State require-ments and standards for nuclear power sys-tems.’’; 
(2) by striking subsections (b) through (d); 
and 
(3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (b). 
SEC. 622. PROGRAM OBJECTIVES STUDY. 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16271) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM OBJECTIVES STUDY .—In fur-
therance of the program objectives listed in sub-section (a) of this section, the Government Ac-countability Office shall, within one year after the date of enactment of this subsection, trans-mit to the Congress a report on the results of a study on the scientific and technical merit of major Federal and State requirements and standards, including moratoria, that delay or impede the further development and commer-cialization of nuclear power, and how the De-partment can assist in overcoming such delays or impediments.’’. 
SEC. 623. NUCLEAR ENERGY RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT PROGRAMS. 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16272) is amended by striking sub-sections (c) through (e) and inserting the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) R EACTOR CONCEPTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry 
out a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application to ad-vance nuclear power systems as well as tech-nologies to sustain currently deployed systems. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNS AND TECHNOLOGIES .—In con-
ducting the program under this subsection, the Secretary shall examine advanced reactor de-signs and nuclear technologies, including those that— 
‘‘(A) have higher efficiency, lower cost, and 
improved safety compared to reactors in oper-ation as of the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015; 
‘‘(B) utilize passive safety features; ‘‘(C) minimize proliferation risks; ‘‘(D) substantially reduce production of high- 
level waste per unit of output; 
‘‘(E) increase the life and sustainability of re-
actor systems currently deployed; 
‘‘(F) use improved instrumentation; ‘‘(G) are capable of producing large-scale 
quantities of hydrogen or process heat; 
‘‘(H) minimize water usage or use alternatives 
to water as a cooling mechanism; or 
‘‘(I) use nuclear energy as part of an inte-
grated energy system. 
‘‘(3) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—In car-
rying out the program under this subsection, the Secretary shall seek opportunities to enhance the progress of the program through inter-national cooperation through such organiza-tions as the Generation IV International Forum or any other international collaboration the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(4) E
XCEPTIONS .—No funds authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out the activities de-scribed in this subsection shall be used to fund the activities authorized under sections 641 through 645.’’. 
SEC. 624. SMALL MODULAR REACTOR PROGRAM. 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16272) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) S
MALL MODULAR REACTOR PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry 
out a small modular reactor program to promote research, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application of small modular reactors, including through cost-shared projects for com-mercial application of reactor systems designs. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-
sult with and utilize the expertise of the Sec-retary of the Navy in establishing and carrying out such program. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Activities may 
also include development of advanced computer modeling and simulation tools, by Federal and non-Federal entities, which demonstrate and validate new design capabilities of innovative small modular reactor designs. 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the term ‘small modular reactor’ means a nuclear reactor meeting generally ac-cepted industry standards— 
‘‘(A) with a rated capacity of less than 300 
electrical megawatts; 
‘‘(B) with respect to which most parts can be 
factory assembled and shipped as modules to a reactor plant site for assembly; and 
‘‘(C) that can be constructed and operated in 
combination with similar reactors at a single site.’’. 
SEC. 625. FUEL CYCLE RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-
MENT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 953 of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16273) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ AD-
VANCED FUEL CYCLE INITIATIVE ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘ FUEL CYCLE RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT ’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (a); (3) by redesignating subsections (b) through 
(d) as subsections (d) through (f), respectively; and (4) by inserting before subsection (d), as so re-
designated by paragraph (3) of this subsection, the following new subsections: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a fuel cycle research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application program (referred to in this section as the ‘program’) on fuel cycle options that improve uranium re-source utilization, maximize energy generation, minimize nuclear waste creation, improve safe-ty, mitigate risk of proliferation, and improve waste management in support of a national strategy for spent nuclear fuel and the reactor concepts research, development, demonstration, and commercial application program under sec-tion 952(c). 
‘‘(b) F
UELCYCLE OPTIONS .—Under this sec-
tion the Secretary may consider implementing the following initiatives: 
‘‘(1) O
PEN CYCLE .—Developing fuels, includ-
ing the use of nonuranium materials and alter-nate claddings, for use in reactors that increase energy generation, improve safety performance and margins, and minimize the amount of nu-clear waste produced in an open fuel cycle. 
‘‘(2) R
ECYCLE .—Developing advanced recy-
cling technologies, including advanced reactor concepts to improve resource utilization, reduce proliferation risks, and minimize radiotoxicity, decay heat, and mass and volume of nuclear waste to the greatest extent possible. 
‘‘(3) A
DVANCED STORAGE METHODS .—Devel-
oping advanced storage technologies for both onsite and long-term storage that substantially prolong the effective life of current storage de-vices or that substantially improve upon existing nuclear waste storage technologies and methods, including repositories. 
‘‘(4) F
AST TEST REACTOR .—Investigating the 
potential research benefits of a fast test reactor user facility to conduct experiments on fuels and materials related to fuel forms and fuel cy-cles that will increase fuel utilization, reduce proliferation risks, and reduce nuclear waste products. 
‘‘(5) A
DVANCED REACTOR INNOVATION .—Devel-
oping an advanced reactor innovation testbed where national laboratories, universities, and industry can address advanced reactor design challenges to enable construction and operation of privately funded reactor prototypes to resolve technical uncertainty for United States-based designs for future domestic and international markets. 
‘‘(6) O
THER TECHNOLOGIES .—Developing any 
other technology or initiative that the Secretary determines is likely to advance the objectives of the program. 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL ADVANCED RECYCLING AND  
CROSSCUTTING ACTIVITIES .—In addition to and 
in support of the specific initiatives described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (b), the Secretary may support the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Development and testing of integrated 
process flow sheets for advanced nuclear fuel re-cycling processes. 
‘‘(2) Research to characterize the byproducts 
and waste streams resulting from fuel recycling processes. 
‘‘(3) Research and development on reactor 
concepts or transmutation technologies that im-prove resource utilization or reduce the radiotoxicity of waste streams. 
‘‘(4) Research and development on waste 
treatment processes and separations tech-nologies, advanced waste forms, and quantifica-tion of proliferation risks. 
‘‘(5) Identification and evaluation of test and 
experimental facilities necessary to successfully implement the advanced fuel cycle initiative. 
‘‘(6) Advancement of fuel cycle-related mod-
eling and simulation capabilities. 
‘‘(7) Research to understand the behavior of 
high-burnup fuels.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-
lating to section 953 in the table of contents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3441 May 20, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 953. Fuel cycle research and develop-
ment.’’. 
SEC. 626. NUCLEAR ENERGY ENABLING TECH-
NOLOGIES PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Subtitle E of title IX of the 
Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 958. NUCLEAR ENERGY ENABLING TECH-
NOLOGIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a program to support the integration of ac-tivities undertaken through the reactor concepts research, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application program under section 952(c) and the fuel cycle research and development program under section 953, and support cross-cutting nuclear energy concepts. Activities com-menced under this section shall be concentrated on broadly applicable research and development focus areas. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—Activities conducted under 
this section may include research involving— 
‘‘(1) advanced reactor materials; ‘‘(2) advanced radiation mitigation methods; ‘‘(3) advanced proliferation and security risk 
assessment methods; 
‘‘(4) advanced sensors and instrumentation; 
‘‘(5) high performance computation modeling, 
including multiphysics, multidimensional mod-eling simulation for nuclear energy systems, and continued development of advanced modeling simulation capabilities through national labora-tory, industry, and university partnerships for operations and safety performance improve-ments of light water reactors for currently de-ployed and near-term reactors and advanced re-actors and for the development of small modular reactors; and 
‘‘(6) any crosscutting technology or trans-
formative concept aimed at establishing substan-tial and revolutionary enhancements in the per-formance of future nuclear energy systems that the Secretary considers relevant and appro-priate to the purpose of this section. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit, as 
part of the annual budget submission of the De-partment, a report on the activities of the pro-gram conducted under this section, which shall include a brief evaluation of each activity’s progress.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by adding at the end of the items for subtitle E of title IX the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 958. Nuclear energy enabling tech-
nologies.’’. 
SEC. 627. TECHNICAL STANDARDS COLLABORA-
TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the National 
Institute of Standards and Technology shall es-tablish a nuclear energy standards committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘technical standards committee’’) to facilitate and support, consistent with the National Technology Trans-fer and Advancement Act of 1995, the develop-ment or revision of technical standards for new and existing nuclear power plants and ad-vanced nuclear technologies. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The technical standards 
committee shall include representatives from ap-propriate Federal agencies and the private sec-tor, and be open to materially affected organiza-tions involved in the development or application of nuclear energy-related standards. 
(2) C
O-CHAIRS .—The technical standards com-
mittee shall be co-chaired by a representative from the National Institute of Standards and Technology and a representative from a private sector standards organization. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The technical standards com-
mittee shall, in cooperation with appropriate Federal agencies— 
(1) perform a needs assessment to identify and 
evaluate the technical standards that are need-ed to support nuclear energy, including those needed to support new and existing nuclear 
power plants and advanced nuclear tech-nologies, including developing the technical basis for regulatory frameworks for advanced reactors; 
(2) formulate, coordinate, and recommend pri-
orities for the development of new technical standards and the revision of existing technical standards to address the needs identified under paragraph (1); 
(3) facilitate and support collaboration and 
cooperation among standards developers to ad-dress the needs and priorities identified under paragraphs (1) and (2); 
(4) as appropriate, coordinate with other na-
tional, regional, or international efforts on nu-clear energy-related technical standards in order to avoid conflict and duplication and to ensure global compatibility; and 
(5) promote the establishment and mainte-
nance of a database of nuclear energy-related technical standards. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To 
the extent provided for in advance by appro-priations Acts, the Secretary may transfer to the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology not to exceed $1,000,000 for fis-cal year 2016 for the Secretary of Commerce to carry out this section from amounts appro-priated for nuclear energy research and devel-opment within the Nuclear Energy Enabling Technologies account for the Department. 
SEC. 628. AVAILABLE FACILITIES DATABASE. 
The Secretary shall prepare a database of 
non-Federal user facilities receiving Federal funds that may be used for unclassified nuclear energy research. The Secretary shall make this database accessible on the Department’s website. 
SEC. 629. NUCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL. 
To the extent consistent with the requirements 
of current law, the Department shall be respon-sible for disposal of high-level radioactive waste or spent nuclear fuel generated by reactors under the programs authorized in this subtitle, or the amendments made by this subtitle. 
Subtitle D—Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Energy Research and Development 
SEC. 641. ENERGY EFFICIENCY. 
Section 911 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16191) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 911. ENERGY EFFICIENCY. 
‘‘(a) O BJECTIVES .—The Secretary shall con-
duct programs of energy efficiency research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication, including activities described in this subtitle. Such programs shall prioritize activities that industry by itself is not likely to undertake because of technical challenges or regulatory uncertainty, and take into consideration the fol-lowing objectives: 
‘‘(1) Increasing energy efficiency. ‘‘(2) Reducing the cost of energy. ‘‘(3) Reducing the environmental impact of 
energy-related activities. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAMS .—Programs under this subtitle 
shall include research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application of— 
‘‘(1) innovative, affordable technologies to im-
prove the energy efficiency and environmental performance of vehicles, including weight and drag reduction technologies, technologies, mod-eling, and simulation for increasing vehicle connectivity and automation, and whole-vehicle design optimization; 
‘‘(2) cost-effective technologies, for new con-
struction and retrofit, to improve the energy ef-ficiency and environmental performance of buildings, using a whole-buildings approach; 
‘‘(3) advanced technologies to improve the en-
ergy efficiency, environmental performance, and process efficiency of energy-intensive and waste-intensive industries; 
‘‘(4) technologies to improve the energy effi-
ciency of appliances and mechanical systems for buildings in extreme climates, including cogen-eration, trigeneration, and polygeneration 
units; 
‘‘(5) advanced battery technologies; and ‘‘(6) fuel cell and hydrogen technologies.’’. 
SEC. 642. NEXT GENERATION LIGHTING INITIA-
TIVE. 
Section 912 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16192) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 643. BUILDING STANDARDS. 
Section 914 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16194) is amended by striking sub-section (c). 
SEC. 644. SECONDARY ELECTRIC VEHICLE BAT-
TERY USE PROGRAM. 
Section 915 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16195) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 645. NETWORK FOR MANUFACTURING INNO-
VATION PROGRAM. 
To the extent provided for in advance by ap-
propriations Acts, the Secretary may transfer to the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology up to $150,000,000 for the period encom-passing fiscal years 2015 through 2017 from amounts appropriated for advanced manufac-turing research and development under this sub-title (and the amendments made by this subtitle) for the Secretary of Commerce to carry out the Network for Manufacturing Innovation Pro-gram authorized under section 34 of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
SEC. 646. ADVANCED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY 
TRANSFER CENTERS. 
Section 917 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16197) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (2)(B); 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of para-
graph (3) and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (4); (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (1); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(5) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respectively; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (6); (3) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(g) P
ROHIBITION .—None of the funds award-
ed under this section may be used for the con-struction of facilities or the deployment of com-mercially available technologies.’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (i). 
SEC. 647. RENEWABLE ENERGY. 
Section 931 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16231) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 931. RENEWABLE ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) O BJECTIVES .—The Secretary shall con-
duct programs of renewable energy research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication, including activities described in this subtitle. Such programs shall prioritize dis-covery research and development and take into consideration the following objectives: 
‘‘(A) Increasing the conversion efficiency of 
all forms of renewable energy through improved technologies. 
‘‘(B) Decreasing the cost of renewable energy 
generation and delivery. 
‘‘(C) Promoting the diversity of the energy 
supply. 
‘‘(D) Decreasing the dependence of the United 
States on foreign mineral resources. 
‘‘(E) Decreasing the environmental impact of 
renewable energy-related activities. 
‘‘(F) Increasing the export of renewable gen-
eration technologies from the United States. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(A) S OLAR ENERGY .—The Secretary shall 
conduct a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for solar energy, including innovations in— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3442 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(i) photovoltaics; 
‘‘(ii) solar heating; ‘‘(iii) concentrating solar power; ‘‘(iv) lighting systems that integrate sunlight 
and electrical lighting in complement to each other; and 
‘‘(v) development of technologies that can be 
easily integrated into new and existing build-ings. 
‘‘(B) W
IND ENERGY .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for wind energy, including innovations in— 
‘‘(i) low speed wind energy; ‘‘(ii) testing and verification technologies; ‘‘(iii) distributed wind energy generation; and ‘‘(iv) transformational technologies for har-
nessing wind energy. 
‘‘(C) G
EOTHERMAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for geo-thermal energy, including technologies for— 
‘‘(i) improving detection of geothermal re-
sources; 
‘‘(ii) decreasing drilling costs; ‘‘(iii) decreasing maintenance costs through 
improved materials; 
‘‘(iv) increasing the potential for other rev-
enue sources, such as mineral production; and 
‘‘(v) increasing the understanding of reservoir 
life cycle and management. 
‘‘(D) H
YDROPOWER .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a program of research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for tech-nologies that enable the development of new and incremental hydropower capacity, includ-ing: 
‘‘(i) Advanced technologies to enhance envi-
ronmental performance and yield greater energy efficiencies. 
‘‘(ii) Ocean energy, including wave energy. ‘‘(E) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROJECTS .—The Sec-
retary shall conduct research, development, demonstration, and commercial application pro-grams for— 
‘‘(i) the combined use of renewable energy 
technologies with one another and with other energy technologies, including the combined use of renewable power and fossil technologies; 
‘‘(ii) renewable energy technologies for cogen-
eration of hydrogen and electricity; and 
‘‘(iii) kinetic hydro turbines. ‘‘(b) R
URAL DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In 
carrying out this section, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall give priority to demonstrations that assist in delivering electricity to rural and remote lo-cations including— 
‘‘(1) advanced renewable power technology, 
including combined use with fossil technologies; 
‘‘(2) biomass; and ‘‘(3) geothermal energy systems. 
‘‘(c) A
NALYSIS AND EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct analysis and evaluation in support of the renewable energy programs under this subtitle. These activities shall be used to guide budget and program decisions, and shall include— 
‘‘(A) economic and technical analysis of re-
newable energy potential, including resource as-sessment; 
‘‘(B) analysis of past program performance, 
both in terms of technical advances and in mar-ket introduction of renewable energy; 
‘‘(C) assessment of domestic and international 
market drivers, including the impacts of any Federal, State, or local grants, loans, loan guar-antees, tax incentives, statutory or regulatory requirements, or other government initiatives; and 
‘‘(D) any other analysis or evaluation that 
the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may designate 
up to 1 percent of the funds appropriated for carrying out this subtitle for analysis and eval-uation activities under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—This analysis 
and evaluation shall be submitted to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate at least 30 days before each annual budget request is submitted to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 648. BIOENERGY PROGRAM. 
Section 932 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16232) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 932. BIOENERGY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM .—The Secretary shall conduct 
a program of research, development, demonstra-tion, and commercial application for bioenergy, including innovations in— 
‘‘(1) biopower energy systems; ‘‘(2) biofuels; ‘‘(3) bioproducts; ‘‘(4) integrated biorefineries that may produce 
biopower, biofuels, and bioproducts; and 
‘‘(5) cross-cutting research and development 
in feedstocks. 
‘‘(b) B
IOFUELS AND BIOPRODUCTS .—The goals 
of the biofuels and bioproducts programs shall be to develop, in partnership with industry and institutions of higher education— 
‘‘(1) advanced biochemical and 
thermochemical conversion technologies capable of making fuels from lignocellulosic feedstocks that are price-competitive with fossil-based fuels and fully compatible with either internal com-bustion engines or fuel cell-powered vehicles; 
‘‘(2) advanced conversion of biomass to 
biofuels and bioproducts as part of integrated biorefineries based on either biochemical proc-esses, thermochemical processes, or hybrids of these processes; and 
‘‘(3) other advanced processes that will enable 
the development of cost-effective bioproducts, including biofuels. 
‘‘(c) R
ETROFIT TECHNOLOGIES FOR THE DEVEL-
OPMENT OF ETHANOL FROM CELLULOSIC MATE-
RIALS .—The Secretary shall establish a program 
of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for technologies and processes to enable biorefineries that exclusively use corn grain or corn starch as a feedstock to produce ethanol to be retrofitted to accept a range of biomass, including lignocellulosic feed-stocks. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .—None of the funds author-
ized for carrying out this section may be used to fund commercial biofuels production for defense purposes. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) B IOMASS .—The term ‘biomass’ means— 
‘‘(A) any organic material grown for the pur-
pose of being converted to energy; 
‘‘(B) any organic byproduct of agriculture (in-
cluding wastes from food production and proc-essing) that can be converted into energy; or 
‘‘(C) any waste material that can be converted 
to energy, is segregated from other waste mate-rials, and is derived from— 
‘‘(i) any of the following forest-related re-
sources: mill residues, precommercial thinnings, slash, brush, or otherwise nonmerchantable ma-terial; 
‘‘(ii) wood waste materials, including waste 
pallets, crates, dunnage, manufacturing and construction wood wastes (other than pressure- treated, chemically treated, or painted wood wastes), and landscape or right-of-way tree trimmings, but not including municipal solid waste, gas derived from the biodegradation of municipal solid waste, or paper that is com-monly recycled; or 
‘‘(iii) solids derived from waste water treat-
ment processes. 
‘‘(2) L
IGNOCELLULOSIC FEEDSTOCK .—The term 
‘lignocellulosic feedstock’ means any portion of a plant or coproduct from conversion, including crops, trees, forest residues, grasses, and agri-cultural residues not specifically grown for food, including from barley grain, grapeseed, rice bran, rice hulls, rice straw, soybean matter, cornstover, and sugarcane bagasse.’’. 
SEC. 649. CONCENTRATING SOLAR POWER RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM. 
Section 934 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16234) and the item relating thereto in 
the table of contents of that Act are repealed. SEC. 650. RENEWABLE ENERGY IN PUBLIC BUILD-
INGS. 
Section 935 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16235) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
Subtitle E—Fossil Energy Research and 
Development 
SEC. 661. FOSSIL ENERGY. 
Section 961 of Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 
U.S.C. 16291) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 961. FOSSIL ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry 
out research, development, demonstration, and commercial application programs in fossil en-ergy, including activities under this subtitle, with the goal of improving the efficiency, effec-tiveness, and environmental performance of fos-sil energy production, upgrading, conversion, and consumption. Such programs shall take into consideration the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) Increasing the energy conversion effi-
ciency of all forms of fossil energy through im-proved technologies. 
‘‘(2) Decreasing the cost of all fossil energy 
production, generation, and delivery. 
‘‘(3) Promoting diversity of energy supply. ‘‘(4) Decreasing the dependence of the United 
States on foreign energy supplies. 
‘‘(5) Decreasing the environmental impact of 
energy-related activities. 
‘‘(6) Increasing the export of fossil energy-re-
lated equipment, technology, and services from the United States. 
‘‘(b) O
BJECTIVES .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall seek to— 
‘‘(1) leverage existing programs; ‘‘(2) consolidate and coordinate activities 
throughout the Department to promote collabo-ration and crosscutting approaches; 
‘‘(3) ensure activities are undertaken in a 
manner that does not duplicate other activities within the Department or other Federal Govern-ment activities; and 
‘‘(4) identify programs that may be more effec-
tively left to the States, industry, nongovern-mental organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, or other stakeholders. 
‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) U SES.—None of the funds authorized for 
carrying out this section may be used for Fossil Energy Environmental Restoration. 
‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—Not 
less than 20 percent of the funds appropriated for carrying out section 964 of this Act for each fiscal year shall be dedicated to research and development carried out at institutions of higher education. 
‘‘(3) U
SE FOR REGULATORY ASSESSMENTS OR  
DETERMINATIONS .—The results of any research, 
development, demonstration, or commercial ap-plication projects or activities of the Department authorized under this subtitle may not be used for regulatory assessments or determinations by Federal regulatory authorities. 
‘‘(d) A
SSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSTRAINTS AGAINST BRINGING RE -
SOURCES TO MARKET .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress an assess-ment of the technical, institutional, policy, and regulatory constraints to bringing new domestic fossil resources to market. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNOLOGY CAPABILITIES .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a long-term assessment of existing and projected technological capabilities for expanded produc-tion from domestic unconventional oil, gas, and methane reserves.’’. 
SEC. 662. COAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, DEM-
ONSTRATION, AND COMMERCIAL AP-PLICATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 962 of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16292) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3443 May 20, 2015 
(A) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (11), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) specific additional programs to address 
water use and reuse; 
‘‘(13) the testing, including the construction of 
testing facilities, of high temperature materials for use in advanced systems for combustion or use of coal; and 
‘‘(14) innovations to application of existing 
coal conversion systems designed to increase ef-ficiency of conversion, flexibility of operation, and other modifications to address existing usage requirements.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (b) through 
(d) as subsections (c) through (e), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) T
RANSFORMATIONAL COAL TECHNOLOGY  
PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the program es-
tablished under subsection (a), the Secretary may carry out a program designed to undertake research, development, demonstration, and com-mercial application of technologies, including the accelerated development of— 
‘‘(A) chemical looping technology; ‘‘(B) supercritical carbon dioxide power gen-
eration cycles; 
‘‘(C) pressurized oxycombustion, including 
new and retrofit technologies; and 
‘‘(D) other technologies that are characterized 
by the use of— 
‘‘(i) alternative energy cycles; ‘‘(ii) thermionic devices using waste heat; ‘‘(iii) fuel cells; ‘‘(iv) replacement of chemical processes with 
biotechnology; 
‘‘(v) nanotechnology; ‘‘(vi) new materials in applications (other 
than extending cycles to higher temperature and pressure), such as membranes or ceramics; 
‘‘(vii) carbon utilization, such as in construc-
tion materials, using low quality energy to re-convert back to a fuel, or manufactured food; 
‘‘(viii) advanced gas separation concepts; and ‘‘(ix) other technologies, including— ‘‘(I) modular, manufactured components; and ‘‘(II) innovative production or research tech-
niques, such as using 3–D printer systems, for the production of early research and develop-ment prototypes. 
‘‘(2) C
OST SHARE .—In carrying out the pro-
gram described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall enter into partnerships with private enti-ties to share the costs of carrying out the pro-gram. The Secretary may reduce the non-Fed-eral cost share requirement if the Secretary de-termines that the reduction is necessary and ap-propriate considering the technological risks in-volved in the project.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated) by 
striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out programs 
authorized by this section, the Secretary shall identify cost and performance goals for coal- based technologies that would permit the con-tinued cost-competitive use of coal for the pro-duction of electricity, chemical feedstocks, transportation fuels, and other marketable products.’’. 
(b) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE ; AUTHORIZATION OF  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 963 of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16293) is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (6) of subsection 
(c) to read as follows: 
‘‘(6) A DVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall establish an advisory committee to undertake, not less frequently than once every 3 years, a review and prepare a re-port on the progress being made by the Depart-ment of Energy to achieve the goals described in subsections (a) and (b) of section 962 and sub-section (b) of this section. ‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP REQUIREMENTS .—Members 
of the advisory committee established under sub-paragraph (A) shall be appointed by the Sec-retary.’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(d) S
TUDY OF CARBON DIOXIDE PIPELINES .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the America COMPETES Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress the results of a study to assess the cost and feasibility of engineering, permitting, build-ing, maintaining, regulating, and insuring a na-tional system of carbon dioxide pipelines.’’. 
SEC. 663. HIGH EFFICIENCY GAS TURBINES RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, through the 
Office of Fossil Energy, shall carry out a multiyear, multiphase program of research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication to innovate technologies to maximize the efficiency of gas turbines used in power gen-eration systems. 
(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The program under 
this section shall— 
(1) support innovative engineering and de-
tailed gas turbine design for megawatt-scale and utility-scale electric power generation, includ-ing— 
(A) high temperature materials, including 
superalloys, coatings, and ceramics; 
(B) improved heat transfer capability; (C) manufacturing technology required to 
construct complex three-dimensional geometry parts with improved aerodynamic capability; 
(D) combustion technology to produce higher 
firing temperature while lowering nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide emissions per unit of out-put; 
(E) advanced controls and systems integra-
tion; 
(F) advanced high performance compressor 
technology; and 
(G) validation facilities for the testing of com-
ponents and subsystems; 
(2) include technology demonstration through 
component testing, subscale testing, and full scale testing in existing fleets; 
(3) include field demonstrations of the devel-
oped technology elements so as to demonstrate technical and economic feasibility; and 
(4) assess overall combined cycle and simple 
cycle system performance. 
(c) P
ROGRAM GOALS.—The goals of the multi-
phase program established under subsection (a) shall be— 
(1) in phase I— (A) to develop the conceptual design of ad-
vanced high efficiency gas turbines that can achieve at least 62 percent combined cycle effi-ciency or 47 percent simple cycle efficiency on a lower heating value basis; and 
(B) to develop and demonstrate the technology 
required for advanced high efficiency gas tur-bines that can achieve at least 62 percent com-bined cycle efficiency or 47 percent simple cycle efficiency on a lower heating value basis; and 
(2) in phase II, to develop the conceptual de-
sign for advanced high efficiency gas turbines that can achieve at least 65 percent combined cycle efficiency or 50 percent simple cycle effi-ciency on a lower heating value basis. 
(d) P
ROPOSALS .—Within 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall solicit grant and contract proposals from industry, small businesses, universities, and other appropriate parties for conducting activi-ties under this section. In selecting proposals, the Secretary shall emphasize— 
(1) the extent to which the proposal will stim-
ulate the creation or increased retention of jobs in the United States; and 
(2) the extent to which the proposal will pro-
mote and enhance United States technology leadership. 
(e) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS .—The provision of 
funding under this section shall be on a com-petitive basis with an emphasis on technical merit. (f) C
OSTSHARING .—Section 988 of the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352) shall apply to an award of financial assistance made under this section. 
Subtitle F—Advanced Research Projects 
Agency–Energy 
SEC. 671. ARPA–E AMENDMENTS. 
Section 5012 of the America COMPETES Act 
(42 U.S.C. 16538) is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (1) of subsection 
(c) to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The goals of ARPA–E shall 
be to enhance the economic and energy security of the United States and to ensure that the United States maintains a technological lead through the development of advanced energy technologies.’’; 
(2) in subsection (i)(1), by inserting ‘‘ARPA–E 
shall not provide funding for a project unless the prospective grantee demonstrates sufficient attempts to secure private financing or indicates that the project is not independently commer-cially viable.’’ after ‘‘relevant research agen-cies.’’; 
(3) in subsection (l)(1), by inserting ‘‘and once 
every 6 years thereafter,’’ after ‘‘operation for 6 years,’’; and 
(4) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-
section (o) and inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The following categories of 
information collected by the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy from recipients of fi-nancial assistance awards shall be considered privileged and confidential and not subject to disclosure pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code: 
‘‘(A) Plans for commercialization of tech-
nologies developed under the award, including business plans, technology to market plans, market studies, and cost and performance mod-els. 
‘‘(B) Investments provided to an awardee from 
third parties, such as venture capital, hedge fund, or private equity firms, including amounts and percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for such investments. 
‘‘(C) Additional financial support that the 
awardee plans to invest or has invested into the technology developed under the award, or that the awardee is seeking from third parties. 
‘‘(D) Revenue from the licensing or sale of 
new products or services resulting from the re-search conducted under the award. 
‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection affects— 
‘‘(A) the authority of the Secretary to use in-
formation without publicly disclosing such in-formation; or 
‘‘(B) the responsibility of the Secretary to 
transmit information to Congress as required by law.’’. 
Subtitle G—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 681. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) E LECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY RELI-
ABILITY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated to the Sec-retary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for electrical deliv-ery and energy reliability technology activities within the Office of Electricity $113,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
(b) N
UCLEAR ENERGY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary for research, de-velopment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication for nuclear energy technology activi-ties within the Office of Nuclear Energy $504,600,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Any amounts made available 
pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under paragraph (1) shall not be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund established under sec-tion 302(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(c)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3444 May 20, 2015 
(c) E NERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE EN-
ERGY.—There are authorized to be appropriated 
to the Secretary for research, development, dem-onstration, and commercial application for en-ergy efficiency and renewable energy tech-nology activities within the Office of Energy Ef-ficiency and Renewable Energy $1,198,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
(d) F
OSSIL ENERGY .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, and commercial application for fossil energy technology activi-ties within the Office of Fossil Energy $605,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
(e) ARPA–E.—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to the Secretary for the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy $140,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
Subtitle H—Definitions 
SEC. 691. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— 
(1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-
ment of Energy; and 
(2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary 
of Energy. 
TITLE VII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
Subtitle A—In General 
SEC. 701. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Energy. 
(2) N ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-
tional Laboratory’’ means a Department of En-ergy nonmilitary national laboratory, includ-ing— 
(A) Ames Laboratory; (B) Argonne National Laboratory; (C) Brookhaven National Laboratory; (D) Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory; (E) Idaho National Laboratory; (F) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory; (G) National Energy Technology Laboratory; (H) National Renewable Energy Laboratory; (I) Oak Ridge National Laboratory; (J) Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; (K) Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory; (L) Savannah River National Laboratory; (M) Stanford Linear Accelerator Center; (N) Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator 
Facility; and 
(O) any laboratory operated by the National 
Nuclear Security Administration, but only with respect to the civilian energy activities thereof. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means 
the Secretary of Energy. 
SEC. 702. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this title or an amendment made 
by this title abrogates or otherwise affects the primary responsibilities of any National Labora-tory to the Department. 
Subtitle B—Innovation Management at 
Department of Energy 
SEC. 711. UNDER SECRETARY FOR SCIENCE AND 
ENERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202(b) of the Depart-
ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Science’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Under Sec-retary for Science and Energy’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the 
following: 
‘‘(H) establish appropriate linkages between 
offices under the jurisdiction of the Under Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(I) perform such functions and duties as the 
Secretary shall prescribe, consistent with this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 3164(b)(1) of the Department of En-
ergy Science Education Enhancement Act (42 U.S.C. 7381a(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Science’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’. 
(2) Section 641(h)(2) of the United States En-
ergy Storage Competitiveness Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17231(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Science’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’. 
SEC. 712. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND TRANSI-
TIONS ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report which shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the Department’s current 
ability to carry out the goals of section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391), including an assessment of the role and effec-tiveness of the Director of the Office of Tech-nology Transitions; and 
(2) recommended departmental policy changes 
and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the Department’s ability to successfully transfer new energy technologies to the private sector. 
SEC. 713. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the Sec-
retary should encourage the National Labora-tories and federally funded research and devel-opment centers to inform small businesses of the opportunities and resources that exist pursuant to this title. 
SEC. 714. NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate a report assessing the De-partment’s capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and non-light water reactor prototypes and related demonstra-tion facilities at Department-owned sites. For purposes of this report, the Secretary shall con-sider the Department’s capabilities to facilitate privately-funded prototypes up to 20 megawatts thermal output. The report shall address the fol-lowing: 
(1) The Department’s safety review and over-
sight capabilities. 
(2) Potential sites capable of hosting research, 
development, and demonstration of prototype reactors and related facilities for the purpose of reducing technical risk. 
(3) The Department’s and National Labora-
tories’ existing physical and technical capabili-ties relevant to research, development, and over-sight. 
(4) The efficacy of the Department’s available 
contractual mechanisms, including cooperative research and development agreements, work for others agreements, and agreements for commer-cializing technology. 
(5) Potential cost structures related to phys-
ical security, decommissioning, liability, and other long-term project costs. 
(6) Other challenges or considerations identi-
fied by the Secretary, including issues related to potential cases of demonstration reactors up to 2 gigawatts of thermal output. 
Subtitle C—Cross-Sector Partnerships and 
Grant Competitiveness 
SEC. 721. AGREEMENTS FOR COMMERCIALIZING 
TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry 
out the Agreements for Commercializing Tech-nology pilot program of the Department, as an-nounced by the Secretary on December 8, 2011, in accordance with this section. (b) T
ERMS .—Each agreement entered into pur-
suant to the pilot program referred to in sub-section (a) shall provide to the contractor of the applicable National Laboratory, to the max-imum extent determined to be appropriate by the Secretary, increased authority to negotiate con-tract terms, such as intellectual property rights, payment structures, performance guarantees, and multiparty collaborations. 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any director of a National 
Laboratory may enter into an agreement pursu-ant to the pilot program referred to in sub-section (a). 
(2) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.—To carry out paragraph (1) and subject to 
paragraph (3), the Secretary shall permit the di-rectors of the National Laboratories to execute agreements with a non-Federal entity, including a non-Federal entity already receiving Federal funding that will be used to support activities under agreements executed pursuant to para-graph (1), provided that such funding is solely used to carry out the purposes of the Federal award. 
(3) R
ESTRICTION .—The requirements of chap-
ter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Bayh-Dole Act’’) shall apply if— 
(A) the agreement is a funding agreement (as 
that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and 
(B) at least 1 of the parties to the funding 
agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. 
(d) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY .—Each affected 
director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary, with respect to each agreement entered into under this section— 
(1) a summary of information relating to the 
relevant project; 
(2) the total estimated costs of the project; (3) estimated commencement and completion 
dates of the project; and 
(4) other documentation determined to be ap-
propriate by the Secretary. 
(e) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall re-
quire the contractor of the affected National Laboratory to certify that each activity carried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this section— 
(1) is not in direct competition with the pri-
vate sector; and 
(2) does not present, or minimizes, any appar-
ent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. 
(f) E
XTENSION .—The pilot program referred to 
in subsection (a) shall be extended until October 31, 2017. 
(g) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) O VERALL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 
days after the date described in subsection (f), the Secretary, in coordination with directors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that— 
(A) assesses the overall effectiveness of the 
pilot program referred to in subsection (a); 
(B) identifies opportunities to improve the ef-
fectiveness of the pilot program; 
(C) assesses the potential for program activi-
ties to interfere with the responsibilities of the National Laboratories to the Department; and 
(D) provides a recommendation regarding the 
future of the pilot program. 
(2) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary, in coordi-
nation with directors of the National Labora-tories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate an annual re-port that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, non-Federal entities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements pursuant to this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3445 May 20, 2015 
SEC. 722. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS FOR 
COMMERCIALIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) 
and (c), the Secretary shall delegate to directors of the National Laboratories signature author-ity with respect to any agreement described in subsection (b) the total cost of which (including the National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1,000,000. 
(b) A
GREEMENTS .—Subsection (a) applies to— 
(1) a cooperative research and development 
agreement; 
(2) a non-Federal work-for-others agreement; 
and 
(3) any other agreement determined to be ap-
propriate by the Secretary, in collaboration with the directors of the National Laboratories. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
(1) A CCOUNTABILITY .—The director of the af-
fected National Laboratory and the affected contractor shall carry out an agreement under this section in accordance with applicable poli-cies of the Department, including by ensuring that the agreement does not compromise any na-tional security, economic, or environmental in-terest of the United States. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The director of the af-
fected National Laboratory and the affected contractor shall certify that each activity car-ried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this section does not present, or minimizes, any apparent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .—On entering 
an agreement under this section, the director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Sec-retary for monitoring and review all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agree-ment. 
(4) R
ATES.—The director of a National Lab-
oratory may charge higher rates for services per-formed under a partnership agreement entered into pursuant to this section, regardless of the full cost of recovery, if such funds are used ex-clusively to support further research and devel-opment activities at the respective National Lab-oratory. 
(d) E
XCEPTION .—This section does not apply 
to any agreement with a majority foreign-owned company. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 12 of 
the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting the subparagraphs appropriately; 
(B) by striking ‘‘Each Federal agency’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), each Federal agency’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1), in accordance with section 722(a) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, approval by the Secretary of Energy shall not be required for any technology transfer agreement proposed to be entered into by a Na-tional Laboratory of the Department of Energy, the total cost of which (including the National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1,000,000.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(a)(1)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)’’. 
SEC. 723. INCLUSION OF EARLY-STAGE TECH-
NOLOGY DEMONSTRATION IN AU-THORIZED TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACTIVITIES. 
Section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16391) is amended by— 
(1) redesignating subsection (g) as subsection 
(h); and 
(2) inserting after subsection (f) the following: ‘‘(g) E
ARLY-STAGE TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRA -
TION.—The Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to use funds au-
thorized to support technology transfer within the Department to carry out early-stage and pre-commercial technology demonstration activi-ties to remove technology barriers that limit pri-vate sector interest and demonstrate potential commercial applications of any research and technologies arising from National Laboratory activities.’’. 
SEC. 724. FUNDING COMPETITIVENESS FOR IN-
STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU-TIONS. 
Section 988(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 
(42 U.S.C. 16352(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as 
provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Except as provided in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  
EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a research or development activity per-formed by an institution of higher education or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). 
‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The exemption 
under subparagraph (A) shall apply during the 6-year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 725. PARTICIPATION IN THE INNOVATION 
CORPS PROGRAM. 
The Secretary may enter into an agreement 
with the Director of the National Science Foun-dation to enable researchers funded by the De-partment to participate in the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps program. 
Subtitle D—Assessment of Impact 
SEC. 731. REPORT BY GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT-
ABILITY OFFICE. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port— 
(1) describing the results of the projects devel-
oped under sections 721, 722, and 723, including information regarding— 
(A) partnerships initiated as a result of those 
projects and the potential linkages presented by those partnerships with respect to national pri-orities and other taxpayer-funded research; and 
(B) whether the activities carried out under 
those projects result in— 
(i) fiscal savings; (ii) expansion of National Laboratory capa-
bilities; 
(iii) increased efficiency of technology trans-
fers; or 
(iv) an increase in general efficiency of the 
National Laboratory system; and 
(2) assess the scale, scope, efficacy, and im-
pact of the Department’s efforts to promote technology transfer and private sector engage-ment at the National Laboratories, and make recommendations on how the Department can improve these activities. 
TITLE VIII—SENSE OF CONGRESS 
SEC. 801. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that climate change 
is real. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 114–120. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-
mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment made in order under the rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, line 13, strike ‘‘$834,800,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$823,000,000’’. 
Page 5, line 15, strike ‘‘$1,050,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$1,038,000,000’’. 
Page 5, line 18, strike ‘‘$1,034,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$1,010,000,000’’. 
Page 6, line 6, strike ‘‘$377,500,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$425,300,000’’. 
Page 7, line 6, strike ‘‘$834,800,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$823,000,000’’. 
Page 7, line 8, strike ‘‘$1,050,000,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$1,038,000,000’’. 
Page 7, line 11, strike ‘‘$1,034,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$1,010,000,000’’. 
Page 7, line 24, strike ‘‘$377,500,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$425,300,000’’. 
Page 20, line 19, insert ‘‘available’’ after 
‘‘financial resources’’. 
Page 21, lines 7 through 11, strike ‘‘The 
Foundation shall also require awardees to re-port the Foundation, within 30 days of re-ceipt, any sources of non-Federal funds re-ceived in excess of $50,000 during the award period.’’ and insert ‘‘The Foundation shall also require awardees seeking subsequent management fees to report to the Founda-tion, prior to the consideration of such a re-quest, any sources of non-Federal funds re-ceived in excess of $100,000. This reporting shall apply to the period following any ini-tial management fee award and for the con-sideration of any subsequent fee.’’. 
Page 21, line 20, strike ‘‘A
UDITS ’’ and insert 
‘‘REVIEW ’’. 
Page 21, line 21, insert ‘‘or review’’ after 
‘‘may audit’’. 
Page 21, line 22, strike ‘‘paragraph’’ and in-
sert ‘‘subsection’’. 
Page 22, line 13, insert ‘‘or social activi-
ties’’ after ‘‘meals’’. 
Page 22, line 16, insert ‘‘or FAR 31.205–22’’ 
after ‘‘2 C.F.R. 200.450’’. 
Page 29, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 29, line 23, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 29, after line 23, insert the following: 
(K) efforts to effectively expand, broaden, 
or scale-up existing activities or programs. 
Page 65, line 23, insert ‘‘, to be available to 
the extent provided by appropriations Acts,’’ after ‘‘nonprofit entities,’’. 
Page 76, line 9, insert ‘‘government,’’ after 
‘‘industry,’’. 
Page 91, line 16, insert ‘‘, to be available to 
the extent provided by appropriations Acts,’’ after ‘‘sector,’’. 
Page 132, line 19, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 132, line 23, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 132, after line 23, insert the following: 
‘‘(7) detailed proposals for innovation hubs, 
institutes, and research centers prior to es-tablishment or renewal by the Department, including— 
‘‘(A) certification that all hubs, institutes, 
and research centers will advance the mis-sion of the Department, and prioritize re-search, development, and demonstration; 
‘‘(B) certification that the establishment 
or renewal of hubs, institutes, or research centers will not diminish funds available for basic research and development within the Office of Science; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.017 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3446 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(C) certification that all hubs, institutes, 
and research centers established or renewed within the Office of Science are consistent with the mission of the Office of Science as described in section 209(c) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139(c)).’’. 
Page 136, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’ the end of 
paragraph (9). 
Page 136, line 15, redesignate paragraph (10) 
as paragraph (11). 
Page 136, after line 14, insert the following: 
‘‘(10) technologies to enhance security for 
electrical transmission and distributions systems; and 
Page 151, lines 9 through 14, strike section 
629. 
Page 180, line 20, through page 182, line 3, 
strike section 711. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this manager’s amendment makes some changes to improve the under-lying legislation. 
The amendment shifts $48 million in 
funding within the research and related activities account at the National Science Foundation. This is at the re-quest of Appropriations Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Subcommittee chairman, J
OHN CUL-
BERSON of Texas, and provides addi-
tional funding for integrative activi-ties to keep it at the fiscal year ’15 level. 
This account includes the Graduate 
Research Fellowship Program and the Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research, which will be fully funded at this level. 
The amendment directs the Depart-
ment of Energy to develop technologies to enhance security for electrical transmission and distribution systems. 
The amendment includes additional 
direction on the development of hubs, innovation institutes, and research centers at the Department of Energy. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment, al-though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate that this amendment 
makes a few small improvements to the bill, so I will not oppose it. How-ever, I want to take a moment to re-flect on how this amendment dem-onstrates how flawed the process on the majority’s bill has been. 
In this amendment, the chairman re-
stores an arbitrary 11 percent cut to the EPSCoR program, in addition to the prestigious NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Program, scientific instru-mentation for smaller institutions that cannot afford their own, and inter-
disciplinary research centers. 
Even our colleagues on Appropria-
tions prioritized full funding for this account at NSF while they made steep cuts to other accounts. 
It just happens that EPSCoR States 
overall are represented by many more Republicans than Democrats; so, when the Science Committee Republicans proposed cutting funding for the EPSCoR program by 11 percent, their caucus took notice. 
If only the chairman had actually 
given the stakeholder community, his colleagues, and the research and devel-opment agencies an opportunity for a hearing or to see and respond or work in subcommittee on it and respond to this bill before introducing it, we wouldn’t have had to fix all of these very big mistakes today. 
I am glad the chairman is now restor-
ing the cut to EPSCoR and the other important programs in that account. I only wish he would have listened to an overwhelming call by the stakeholder community and even some of his own colleagues to restore the other arbi-trary and shortsighted cuts in this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no other speakers on this side, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk as the designee of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 15, line 13, through page 17, line 9, 
strike section 106. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON) and a Member opposed each will 
control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Mr. F
OSTER for his leadership on this 
important issue. 
Section 106 exemplifies the major-
ity’s efforts to impose their own per-sonal beliefs and ideologies on the process of scientific discovery. Col-leagues, science is not about belief; it is about discovery and the pursuit of questions about both the natural world and the human world. 
We should hold NSF accountable, and 
NSF should hold its grantees account-able. However, accountability should be measured according to the trans-parency and integrity of the grant re-view process, not according to what 
types of science some of us believe in and some don’t. 
Had we imposed the section 106 re-
quirement on NSF earlier, they may have never funded the grant that led to billions in revenue from the spectrum auction. They may never have funded the grant that the DOD now uses to help train our soldiers on the front lines to differentiate between friend and foe. They may never have funded the grant that led to the creation of Google. 
Chairman S
MITH has been inves-
tigating NSF grants he doesn’t like since he became chairman of this com-mittee. The entire purpose of section 106 is to give him a bigger club to con-tinue his unfounded investigations in the future. 
b1615 
This is bad for NSF, and it is worse 
for the U.S. leadership in science and innovation. I urge my colleagues to think long and hard about the con-sequences of imposing our own polit-ical views and review on the NSF’s gold-standard scientific merit review process, and I urge the support of Mr. F
OSTER ’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
it is just inconceivable to me that any U.S. Representative would oppose re-quiring government grants funded by the U.S. taxpayer to be spent in the na-tional interest. 
Throughout its history, the National 
Science Foundation has played an inte-gral part in funding breakthrough dis-coveries in fields as diverse as mathe-matics, physics, chemistry, computer science, engineering, and biology. 
However, the NSF has approved a 
number of grants for which the sci-entific merits and national interest are not obvious, to put it politely. These include a climate change musical cost-ing $800,000, evaluating animal photo-graphs in National Geographic for at least $200,000, and studying early human-set fires in New Zealand, in the 1800s, for several hundred thousand dol-lars. 
The section this amendment strikes 
ensures that the NSF is transparent and accountable to the taxpayers about how their hard-earned dollars are spent. The bill requires that every NSF public announcement of a grant award be accompanied by a nontechnical ex-planation of the project’s scientific merits and how it serves the national interest. 
The NSF itself has recognized the 
need for this transparency and ac-countability. Last January, the NSF released a new policy that acknowl-edges that the NSF must communicate clearly and in nontechnical terms the research projects it funds. The policy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.018 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3447 May 20, 2015 
emphasizes that the title abstract for 
each funded grant should explain how the project serves the national inter-est, a requirement first cited in the 1950 legislation that created the Na-tional Science Foundation. Again, the national interest standard that the gentlewoman from Texas opposes was in the NSF’s first charter. 
The current Director of the NSF her-
self has endorsed the national interest standard. In her testimony before the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee on February 25, NSF Direc-tor France Cordova spoke about the very section the gentlewoman seeks to eliminate. 
Dr. Cordova said: ‘‘It is very compat-
ible with the new internal NSF guide-lines and with the mission statement of NSF.’’ 
The national interest standard does 
not interfere with the merit review process. The bill clearly states: ‘‘Noth-ing in this section shall be construed as altering the Foundation’s intellectual merit or broader impacts criteria for evaluating grant applications.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment and to support the under-lying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ), a physicist. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment, which I understand has been introduced, would strike section 106 of the bill, which, in my view, adds a dangerous political filter to NSF’s gold-standard merit review process. 
I do not stand alone in this view. The 
overwhelming majority of my col-leagues in the scientific community are still quite uncomfortable with this language that would, as the American Society for Microbiology stated, ‘‘have an adverse impact on NSF’s peer re-view process, which is essential to funding meritorious research.’’ All of us here want to be good stewards of taxpayer money. 
This is also true of the National 
Science Foundation, which currently already requires that the NSF public award abstract consist of a nontech-nical component which will include ‘‘a public justification for NSF funding by articulating how the project serves the national interest,’’ as stated by NSF’s mission: to promote the progress of science; to advance the national health, prosperity, and welfare; or to secure the national defense. 
As the Biophysical Society has point-
ed out: ‘‘NSF is committed to . . . of-fering the public a better under-standing of a research project’s intent, which will satisfy this section’s objec-tive.’’ 
The whole intent of this mystifies me 
a little bit. I serve on two commit-tees—the Financial Services Com-mittee and the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. On the Finan-cial Services Committee, there is a steady drumbeat of Republican pro-posals to remove duplicitous and re-
dundant requirements that just waste everyone’s time; whereas, it seems to me that section 106 is exactly along this line. While it may just seem an in-nocuous waste of time to some, we know that for the past 2 years sci-entists have had their projects targeted as potentially wasteful or not ‘‘in the national interest,’’ often based on nothing but their titles. Not only is this wrong, it is blatantly political. 
It is easy to make cheap shots here. 
My parents, actually, both worked for Senator Bill Proxmire, who for years and years did the Golden Fleece Awards. He was a wonderful and thoughtful Senator, but on this one, he consistently missed the mark. It is easy to make fun of projects with funny sounding names or with strange topics, but the NSF is the gold stand-ard for a reason. 
Take, for example, anthropologist 
Dr. Scott Atran, who received funding from the NSF in 1994 for a study that was entitled, ‘‘Local Ecological Knowl-edge of Common-Pool Resources in Campeche, Mexico.’’ Dr. Atran subse-quently applied what he learned to questions of extremism in the Middle East and is now a key national expert on countering extremism in the Middle East, valued as a consultant by the De-partment of Defense and the Depart-ment of State. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman from Texas has expired. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
will simply say to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) that I recognize 
and appreciate him. He is a smart, thoughtful, and well-motivated mem-ber of the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, so I am really sorry he opposes this national interest stand-ard that, I think, is the right thing to do for America and for the American taxpayers. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), 
who is a very active and talented mem-ber of the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to commend my good friend from Illi-nois for his strong commitment to ad-vocating for scientific research. I share many of his concerns about the under-lying bill, and I will be voting against this bill. However, I must also oppose this amendment. I agree with Mr. F
OS-
TERand I disagree with the chairman 
on some of the attacks on some past grants that have been granted by the NSF. I think section 106 helps to avoid that. 
The first incarnation of what is now 
section 106 was the High Quality Re-search Act, which was unveiled nearly 2 years ago. I strongly opposed that, as did the vast majority of the research community, and we set about getting that changed. Through a series of dis-cussions, the current language—vastly different and vastly improved from the original—was reached with a broad def-inition of national interest that does not do anything to undermine the gold- 
standard NSF peer review system. I in-vite all to read the section and decide for themselves, or to simply listen to the NSF and to the NSB, which over-sees the NSF. 
As the chairman said, NSF Director 
France Cordova stated her support for section 106 at a committee hearing in February, saying it is ‘‘very compat-ible with the NSF internal guidelines and with the mission statement of NSF.’’ 
I applaud NSF for these new guide-
lines which explain to the public why each proposal is being funded and how it is in the national interest. This will help the NSF defend worthwhile grants that are attacked by critics who some-times misrepresent projects. In doing so, it will also protect the NSF. 
While the National Science Board 
does not formally endorse legislation, at the meeting 2 weeks ago, the board passed a resolution strongly endorsing the principle that all Foundation-fund-ed research must further the national interest by contributing to the Foun-dation’s mission. 
So, while I agree with my friend on 
almost everything related to science policy, I must reluctantly oppose this amendment. I wish we could have been able to have worked out a COMPETES bill we could all support. Regrettably, we did not, but let’s not throw out this language that was worked out and that will help the NSF defend its peer re-view process. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 29, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 29, line 23, strike the period and in-
sert a semicolon. 
Page 29, after line 23, insert the following: 
(K) creating State and regional workshops 
to train K-12 teachers in science and tech-nology project-based learning to provide in-struction in how to initiate robotics and other STEM competition team development programs; and 
(L) encouraging and supporting efforts led 
by institutions of higher education, busi-nesses, and local public and private edu-cational agencies to establish collaborative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.060 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3448 May 20, 2015 
efforts to provide K-12 students residing in 
areas with unemployment rates that exceed the national average by 1 percent or more. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, let 
me take a moment to thank both of my fellow Texans and to acknowledge that I know that there is a difference of opinion, but no one can disagree with the crucialness of America’s competi-tiveness and of the necessity for cre-ating a workforce that can compete. 
Allow me to acknowledge Congress-
man J
OHNSON for the steadfast commit-
ment and service to the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I had the privilege of serving with her in the early stages of my membership here in this august body, and I want to thank her personally for the great strides and successes that she has had in expand-ing opportunities for the most vulner-able in our community. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment 
speaks to this issue, and it continues to seek to address the STEM education gap for K–12 students. Jackson Lee amendment No. 3 creates State and re-gional workshops to train K–12 teach-ers in project-based science and tech-nology learning, which will allow them to provide instruction in initiating ro-botics and other STEM competition team development programs. 
I now serve on the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee, and I note that the ex-tent of technology in securing this Na-tion is without comparison. It is nec-essary. It is crucial. This amendment also leverages the collaboration among higher education businesses and local and private/public education agencies to support STEM efforts at schools lo-cated in areas where unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national rate. 
We want to get right to the core of 
the most vulnerable and the most needy students. Robotic competitions and other similar competitive opportu-nities have proven to be one of the most successful paths for engaging young minds in STEM education. I have held a robotics competition, and it is absolutely amazing to see the young people’s minds and hearts gather around it. My amendment has that ca-pacity to it. Of course, it responds to the fact that only 1 out of 10 high schools in the U.S. offers computer science programs, and it is estimated that the education systems in 25 States do not count computer science classes toward high school graduation. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the 
amendment, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would include teacher training for STEM competitions and collaborations as permitted activities under a program in the bill to encour-age engagement in STEM education ac-tivities. Supporting out-of-school ac-tivities, like competitions, is con-sistent with the underlying bill, so I accept the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to focus just a little bit on com-petitions regarding this amendment, competitions such as FIRST, which is a national robotics competition that en-gages 400,000 students each year and that awards millions of dollars in scholarships, paving the way for future STEM success. 
I submit for the R
ECORD a document 
entitled, ‘‘Disparities in STEM Em-ployment by Sex, Race, and Hispanic Origin.’’ 
[From census.gov, Sept. 2013] 
DISPARITIES IN STEM E MPLOYMENT BY SEX, 
RACE, ANDHISPANIC ORIGIN  
(By Liana Christin Landivar) 
AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY REPORTS  
Introduction 
Industry, government, and academic lead-
ers cite increasing the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) work-force as a top concern. The National Acad-emy of Sciences, National Academy of Engi-neering, and the Institute of Medicine de-scribe STEM as ‘‘high-quality, knowledge-in-tensive jobs . . . that lead to discovery and new technology,’’ improving the U.S. econ-omy and standard of living. In 2007, Congress passed the America COMPETES Act, reau-thorized in 2010, to increase funding for STEM education and research. 
One focus area for increasing the STEM 
workforce has been to reduce disparities in STEM employment by sex, race, and His-panic origin. Historically, women, Blacks, and Hispanics have been underrepresented in STEM employment. Researchers find that women, Blacks, and Hispanics are less likely to be in a science or engineering major at the start of their college experience, and less 
likely to remain in these majors by its con-clusion. Because most STEM workers have a science or engineering college degree, under-representation among science and engineer-ing majors could contribute to the underrep-resentation of women, Blacks, and Hispanics in STEM employment. 
This report details the historical demo-
graphic composition of STEM occupations, followed by a detailed examination of cur-rent STEM employment by age and sex, pres-ence of children in the household, and race and Hispanic origin based on the 2011 Amer-ican Community Survey (ACS). The report concludes with an examination of the demo-graphic characteristics of science and engi-neering graduates who are currently em-ployed in a STEM occupation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Specifically, the 
language says: ‘‘Industry, government, and academic leaders cite increasing the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) workforce as a top concern.’’ 
This is in the American Community 
Survey Reports. ‘‘One focus area for increasing the 
STEM workforce has been to reduce disparities in STEM employment by sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Histori-cally, women, Blacks, and Hispanics have been underrepresented in STEM employment,’’ and it goes on to elabo-rate. 
b1630 
This amendment gives an added op-
portunity to focus in, to hone in on teacher training and reaching out to those very hungry minds in the minor-ity communities who are eager to be part of the changing fabric of America that focuses on science, technology, en-gineering, and math. From financial services, to homeland security, to space and aeronautics, to manufac-turing, to the Silicon Valleys of the Nation, STEM is crucial. 
I would like to now acknowledge 
both the committee staff on the major-ity and minority who assisted us, and I would like to acknowledge my staff, Lillie Coney, for her excellent work on these matters. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I ask for 
support of the Jackson Lee amend-ment. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
I thank Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Mem-
ber J OHNSON for the opportunity to speak on 
my amendment to H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
My amendment included in the Rule to H.R. 
1806 would improve the bill by addressing the STEM education gap for K–12 students. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #3, creates state 
and regional workshops to train K–12 teachers in project-based science and technology learn-ing, which will allow them to provide instruc-tion in initiating robotics and other STEM com-petition team development programs. 
This amendment also leverages the collabo-
ration among higher education, businesses, local private and public education agencies to support STEM efforts at schools located in areas with unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national rate. 
Robotics competitions and other similar 
competitive opportunities have proven to be one of the most successful paths for engaging young minds in STEM education. 
Competitions such as FIRST, a national ro-
botics competition that engages 400,000 stu-dents each year and awards millions of dollars in scholarships are paving the way for future STEM success. 
This Jackson Lee amendment focuses on 
reducing the STEM gaps that currently exists between K–12 students attending schools in different geographic regions or who come from diverse socioeconomic backgrounds. 
Only 1 out of 10 high schools in the U.S. 
offer computer science programs 
It is estimated that the education systems in 
25 states do not count computer science classes toward high school graduation. 
Both economists and business leaders have 
identified that the future of the American econ-omy will be in STEM fields, which the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates will create more than 9 million jobs between 2012 and 2022. 
The STEM gap is more pronounced when 
considering minority groups. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.020 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3449 May 20, 2015 
U.S. Census 2010 data from the National 
Science Foundation and the U.S. Census Bu-reau, showed that underrepresented minorities earned 18.6 percent of total undergraduate degrees from 4-year colleges, but only 16.4 percent of the degrees in science fields and less than 13 percent of degrees in physical sciences and engineering. 
Many historically underrepresented groups, 
including low income urban, rural and Native American communities have difficulty access-ing STEM education and job training opportu-nities. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #17 would have 
increased awareness among underrep-resented groups in STEM employment and education opportunities by providing informa-tion on certification, undergraduate and grad-uate STEM programs. 
One of the most enduring difficulties faced 
by underrepresented populations is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connec-tion between STEM and employment opportu-nities. 
In 2012, a survey found that despite the na-
tion’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math grows, the skills gap among the largest ethnic and racial minorities groups remain stubbornly wide. 
Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 per-
cent, of the STEM workforce despite rep-resenting 28 percent of the U.S. population. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #18 would have 
made sure that the issue of reducing the skills and education gap of underrepresented groups in STEM degree programs is consid-ered as current STEM education federal pro-grams were reviewed. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #19 could have 
furthered the skills development and training of teachers who provide instruction in K–12 STEM courses where 40 percent of the stu-dents are on free or reduced lunch programs or in areas where unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national average. 
Although most STEM specific education oc-
curs in college and graduate school, interest in STEM fields must be fostered from a young age through successful K–12 programs. 
Many schools serving low-income students 
lack the resources to provide continuity of STEM K–12 education, and as a result, stu-dents lose the opportunity to develop the skills that will prepare them for higher STEM edu-cation. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #21 was an effort 
to identify no-cost or low-cost summer and after school science and technology edu-cations programs and have that information broadly disseminated to the public. 
Throughout primary and secondary edu-
cation, skills retention is one of the most pressing concerns facing underrepresented students. 
Without access to after-school and summer 
programs, even those students with a passion for STEM risk falling behind their peers. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #22 made grants 
available to local education agencies to sup-port training in STEM education methods to teachers to improve their instruction at schools serving neglected, delinquent, and migrant students, English learners, at-risk students, and Native Americans as determined by the director. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #23 establishes 
within the Directorate for Education and Human Resources an Office of STEM Edu-
cation Gap Awareness with the duties of re-ducing the STEM gap in K–12 and post-sec-ondary education among underrepresented populations. 
The Jackson Lee amendments are intended 
to bridge the STEM gap in rural and urban areas where opportunities for training in STEM that can enhance the productivity of busi-nesses large and small are lacking. 
The Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Pro-
gram’s report ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy,’’ reported that in 2011, 26 million jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. 
Half of all STEM jobs are available to work-
ers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
There will be STEM winners and losers not 
because the skills needed are too difficult to obtain, but because people are not aware of the jobs that are going unfilled today nor do they know what education or training will cre-ate job security for the next 2 to 3 decades. 
I am very aware of the importance of STEM 
job training and education. 
A third of Houston jobs are in STEM-based 
fields. 
Houston has the second largest concentra-
tions of engineers (22.4 for every 1,000 work-ers according to the Greater Houston Partner-ship). 
Houston has 59,070 engineers, the second 
largest populations in the nation. 
STEM jobs are at the core of Houston’s 
economic success, but what we have done with STEM innovation and job creation in the city of Houston is not enough to satisfy the re-gions demand for STEM trained workers. 
Houston anticipates that in the next 5 years 
the gap in the number of people with STEM skills and training will not keep up with the number of positions requiring those skills. 
This is not just true for Houston, Texas—it 
is true for every region of the nation—whether you live in a rural community or urban center. 
By 2018 the United States will need: 
710,000 Computing workers; 160,000 Engi-neers; 70,000 Physical Scientists; 40,000 Life Science workers; 20,000 Mathematics work-ers. 
STEM Computing Jobs are critical to Amer-
ica’s future: Software engineers; Computer networking workers; Systems analysis; Com-puter researcher or support workers. 
Types of STEM Engineering Jobs: Structural 
Engineers; Mechanical Engineers; Software Engineers; Electrical Engineers; Automotive Engineers; Aeronautical Engineers; Naval En-gineers; Architects. 
Types of STEM Physical Sciences Jobs: Bi-
ologists; Zoologists; Agricultural; Food Sci-entists; Conservation Scientists; Medical Sci-entists; Climatologists. 
Types of STEM Life Scientists [PhDs]: Polit-
ical Science; Economists; Anthropologists; Ar-chaeology; Cultural Researchers; Language Experts (Linguistic and Language Skills). 
Types of STEM Mathematics: Teachers; 
Physicists; Cryptographers; Statisticians; Ac-countants. 
In order to ensure that underserved popu-
lations reach the level of STEM education and opportunity they choose to pursue, I believe it is integral to create an office that will focus on closing the STEM education gap. I ask that my colleagues from both sides of 
the aisle support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 41, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’ after ‘‘soci-
ety;’’. 
Page 41, line 12, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 41, after line 12, insert the following 
new paragraph: 
(4) I-Corps should continue to promote a 
strong innovation system by investing in and supporting female entrepreneurs, who are historically underrepresented in entre-preneurial fields, through mentorship, edu-cation, and training. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Connecticut. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, my amend-
ment would increase support for women in entrepreneurship at the Na-tional Science Foundation’s Innovation Corps, also known as the I-Corps. It has been an honor and privilege to meet with women across Connecticut who are creating and building their own startups and small businesses. 
In March I hosted a Women in 
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math roundtable, bringing together educators, innovators, and business owners to identify barriers that women face when looking to advance in the critical STEM and entrepreneurial fields. 
These local leaders all agreed that 
one of the biggest problems for women in the STEM fields is the lack of mentorship and support, and, quite simply, women do not have the same support and mentorship as their male counterparts because they are often the first women in leadership positions in their fields. 
In fact, our Smaller Manufacturers 
Association in Connecticut just elected their first female president, Anne Strobel, and she has already hit the ground running to build on our State’s strong manufacturing tradition. 
National studies and experts echo the 
concerns women raised at the STEM roundtable in my own district. The Kauffman Foundation recently sur-veyed 350 female tech startup founders and found that the number one shared concern is a lack of role models and mentors for women thinking of going into business for themselves. 
Recent news reports have noted the 
chronic underrepresentation of women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.037 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3450 May 20, 2015 
in the booming tech sector, including 
startups. In fact, women make up only 30 percent of the tech workforce and 22 percent of the leadership roles, despite being 60 percent of the workforce. It is clear that we must do more for women so they can build businesses and create good-paying jobs. 
My amendment would provide that 
support to women through the NSF’s Innovation Corps, known as the I- Corps, by expanding their mission to specifically include support for and in-vestment in female entrepreneurs through mentorship, education, and training. 
The I-Corps program fosters entre-
preneurship by giving students the tools they need to move discoveries and technology from the research lab to the market. I-Corps is making a dif-ference in helping teach and support entrepreneurs across the country. 
In my own State, the University of 
Connecticut recently received I-Corps funding, and it is designated as an I- Corps site. Accelerate UConn will build on the investment the State of Con-necticut is already making to ensure that they remain a leader in our na-tional innovation ecosystem. 
Our competitiveness as a nation de-
pends on robust research and tech-nology and on ensuring that we draw on the best and the brightest, whether they be men or women. By increasing the number of women entrepreneurs in the fields of science, technology, engi-neering, and math, we as a nation will all benefit from the innovation that comes from a diverse workforce. 
It is not only morally right, but eco-
nomically smart to foster entrepre-neurship of women. I encourage all my colleagues to support my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I don’t oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would add a sense of Congress of Congress’ support for the NSF’s Innovation Corps program in the underlying bill. This language would include the promotion of a strong inno-vation system with investments and support for female entrepreneurs. I- Corps is an excellent program. I sup-port the gentlewoman’s amendment and appreciate her offering it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, may I in-
quire how much time I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Connecticut has 2 minutes re-maining. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my friend for yielding and for her lead-ership on this important issue. I espe-cially enjoy being on the same side of 
this issue with the chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to add my 
voice to Representative E
STY’s voice in 
support of her amendment. I-Corps is a revolutionary partnership that helps maximize the economic impact of tax-payer-funded research by connecting the brilliant minds at NSF to the bril-liant minds in the private sector. 
This amendment offered by Rep-
resentative E
STYtoday ensures that we 
foster all of the brilliant minds by sup-porting female entrepreneurs. Gender diversity makes good business sense. Research conducted by Dow Jones on venture-backed companies found that successful ones had twice the number of women on the founding teams, and there is more research that shows that women-owned firms outperformed those owned by male counterparts. De-spite this and despite the fact that women earn more college degrees than men, they comprise only 5 percent of Fortune 500 CEOs and only 19 percent of corporate board seats. Clearly, some-thing is wrong. 
For us to fully realize our economic 
potential, we have got to do a better job of supporting female entrepreneurs. That is why I strongly support her amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
do not think I am going to disagree with what the gentlewoman from Con-necticut has to say during her remain-ing time, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, how much 
time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Connecticut has 1 minute remain-ing. 
Ms. ESTY. I yield such time as she 
may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), 
the ranking member, with my thanks. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment and want to thank the author for bringing it forward and thank the chairman of the committee for supporting it. 
Our support historically goes back to 
Congresswoman Connie Morella. The two of us did a study maybe 15 or 16 years ago, and we both have been very, very supportive of women in the sciences and hope that we can get a better bill so that we can address get-ting them ready for these jobs. 
Ms. ESTY. I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 45, after line 14, insert the following: 
SEC. 127. HISPANIC OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM IN 
EDUCATION AND SCIENCE. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall establish the program described in section 7033 of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 1862o–12) for Hispanic-serving institutions (as defined in section 502 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 1
1⁄2minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, 8 years ago when the 
House first considered the America COMPETES Act, I offered an amend-ment with my then-colleague Gabby Giffords as well as Congressman J
ERRY  
MCNERNEY to correct a longstanding 
inequity at the National Science Foun-dation. Unlike their counterparts in higher education, Hispanic-Serving In-stitutions have not benefited from a specific program at the NSF to provide them with grants for research, cur-riculum, and infrastructure develop-ment. 
The amendment corrected this in-
equity, requiring the NSF to create a separate program for HSIs. It was adopted, and it became law. But to this day, the NSF has not implemented the program as codified in law. This bipar-tisan amendment would correct that and require the HSI program to finally be implemented within 4 months of the enactment of this measure. 
Hispanic-Serving Institutions serve 
the majority of nearly 2 million Latino students enrolled in college today. In my district alone, about 10,000 students attend Hispanic-Serving Institutions offering degrees in these fields of science. Without access to targeted grants, HSIs have difficulty increasing the ranks of Latinos in the STEM fields, where they have been histori-cally underrepresented. 
We must ensure that Latinos, the 
youngest and fastest growing ethnic 
group in our Nation, are prepared with the knowledge and skills that will con-tribute to our Nation’s future eco-nomic strength, security, and global leadership, because when education is available to everyone, our entire Na-tion is stronger. 
I want to thank my colleagues who 
worked with me on this issue: Mr. S
ERRANO , who has a stand-alone bill to 
make this fix permanent, and Mr. L
UJA´N, Mr. H URD, as well as Mr. 
CURBELO , who have cosponsored this 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I don’t oppose the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.068 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3451 May 20, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would require NSF to establish a program originally author-ized in the 2007 COMPETES Act. I sup-port the gentleman’s amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the comments from the chair-man. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ), my 
friend and a cosponsor of the amend-
ment. 
(Mr. SERRANO asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SERRANO. I thank my colleague 
for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Chairman, as my colleague has 
said, in 2007 he added a provision to the original America COMPETES Act to give the NSF the discretion to estab-lish a dedicated grant program. How-ever, after years of persistence, the NSF has refused to act. That is why last month Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. L UJA´N, 
and myself introduced the HOPES Act. 
Today’s amendment replicates the 
HOPES Act and requires the NSF to es-tablish an undergraduate grant pro-gram for Hispanic-Serving Institutions. Hispanics are underrepresented in the STEM fields, and more needs to be done to ensure that we are not missing the best and the brightest from all the parts of America in developing the next generation of scientists, engineers, and mathematicians. 
This amendment is a big step in the 
right direction. I thank Representative C
ROWLEY for his leadership on this 
issue. I thank the chairman for accept-ing the amendment. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of this amendment, which will benefit the students at sev-eral fine institutions in the 23rd Con-gressional District of Texas. 
One thing that everybody here wants 
is a healthy economy. We want the American economy to continue to be the strongest in the world, and if American businesses are going to com-pete and win in a global economy, we have to have the best trained and best equipped workforce possible. 
This means our institutions of higher 
learning need to be fully capable of of-fering their students the opportunities to learn the skills that are going to drive a 21st century economy, and that means STEM degrees must be a pri-ority for our colleges and universities. This amendment will allow institu-tions that are designated as Hispanic- Serving Institutions to have access to grant programs with the National Science Foundation that they have been limited from participating in in the past. 
There are 47 institutions like this in 
the State of Texas, and more than a dozen of them serve students in my dis-
trict. This increased access to grants will help increase the recruitment, re-tention, and graduation rates of His-panic students pursuing degrees in STEM fields. That is good for these students; that is good for our univer-sities, our communities, our busi-nesses, and our economy. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , for intro-
ducing this amendment. I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank Mr. H
URDfor 
his comments. 
I want the R ECORD to reflect that I 
was willing and expecting to be yield-ing the gentleman 1 minute. Since the cooperation is running so smoothly, Mr. Chairman, thank you for yielding the 2 minutes to Mr. H
URD. 
With that, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´N). 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this amendment that I am proud to offer with my colleagues. 
I want to thank Congressman C
ROW-
LEYfor his leadership. I want to recog-
nize Chairman S MITH for his responsi-
bility in working and looking out for these students as well. 
In today’s world, science, technology, 
engineering, and math degrees trans-late into high-paying, in-demand jobs. While we are still struggling with high unemployment in my home State of New Mexico, there are sectors, espe-cially in STEM, that are having dif-ficulty finding qualified workers. To help meet this demand, the National Science Foundation manages a number of programs at minority-serving insti-tutions, including Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Tribal Colleges and Universities. 
b1645 
These programs have filled an impor-
tant void by preparing minority stu-dents for meaningful careers in STEM. However, there is no such program and, therefore, a lack of critical support for Hispanic Americans. This is also evi-dent in the fact that Hispanics are se-verely underrepresented in the STEM workforce. 
It is time that we fund the creation 
of a program for Hispanic-Serving In-stitutions to develop infrastructure, curriculum, and recruit Hispanic stu-dents into STEM fields. To do what is best for America, we need to invest and promote these programs. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) has 11⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON). 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, let me thank the gentleman and all of the persons who 
sponsored this amendment. I want to commend them. 
When Mr. L
UJA´Nwas on the Science 
Committee, we actually developed that language that did pass in the last COM-PETES Act, so I fully support this amendment. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, let me 
just use the remaining time to thank Chairman S
MITH for his cooperation 
and that of his staff, as well as the co-operation of Ms. J
OHNSON and her staff. 
I do think that this amendment is 
the final tooth we need to make this law work and to drive the money and the resources to the people we intended for them to go to, and that is Latino or Hispanic young men and women who want to strive to succeed in the fields of science and medicine to help make our country an even better country. 
I thank you both again for your co-
operation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 49, line 2, insert ‘‘The Advisory Panel 
shall consist of 15 members, with 3 members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and 2 members appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate.’’ after ‘‘other appropriate organizations.’’. 
Page 171, line 2, insert ‘‘, except that 3 
members shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and 2 mem-bers shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate. The total number of members of the advisory committee shall be 15.’’ after ‘‘by the Secretary’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would make a couple of slight changes to two new advisory boards created in this bill: the STEM education advisory panel and a new De-partment of Energy advisory com-mittee. 
My amendment sets the total number 
of members for these two new advisory boards at 15 each, and most impor-tantly, it ensures that five of the mem-bers on each board are chosen by Con-gress, three by the Speaker of the House and two by the Senate majority leader. 
The purpose of my amendment is to 
ensure that the advisory boards have congressional representation, that we have people on there who work with Congress. The legislative branch is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.070 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3452 May 20, 2015 
coequal branch of government, and I 
believe that, as an institution, Con-gress should more aggressively assert itself as a coequal branch. 
This amendment has nothing to do 
with which party controls the legisla-tive branch of government or which party, for that matter, controls the ex-ecutive branch at any given time, nor does it ask for a majority of the mem-bers of these new boards to be congres-sionally appointed. 
The amendment would simply ensure 
that the legislative branch is involved in these boards that it, the legislative branch, is creating and that we are in-volved in the process of creating the re-ports which both the legislative branch and executive branch will rely on to make important decisions for these United States. 
If Congress deems an issue important 
enough to warrant an advisory board that is included in a bill we are pass-ing, it just makes sense that we also appoint a portion of that board’s mem-bership. 
I hope we will do that as we go for-
ward with many of our boards. I also think it will facilitate more conversa-tion between the executive branch and the legislative branch as time goes for-ward. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This amendment allows the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate to appoint members to two scientific ad-visory boards created in the bill. This amendment is the very definition of politicalizing science when we have politicians choosing who sits on sci-entific advisory boards. 
While my colleagues across the aisle 
suggest that this amendment ensures accountability, in reality, it only en-sures the political meddling in science. Unfortunately, this is consistent with many provisions in the underlying bill. 
Scientific advisory boards provide ex-
pert scientific advice and make rec-ommendations on subject matter from STEM education to energy research and development. It is essential that advisory board members be qualified and nonpolitical to provide non-partisan advice and give appropriate recommendations that are free of bias, advice and recommendations based on the best available evidence, and advice and recommendations that will further science in the country, not inhibit it. 
In this amendment, the Speaker of 
the House would appoint three mem-bers, while the majority leader of the Senate would appoint two additional members to this advisory board. 
Some of these advisory boards have 
only 15 members. This amendment would allow Republican—and only Re-
publican—leaders of Congress to ap-point one-third of these members. 
This amendment is clearly meant to 
politicize these advisory boards. While the sponsor of this amendment is mes-saging it as giving Congress a bigger voice, that is just not accurate, asked for, or necessary. Congress already has the biggest and final voice. We control the Federal budget. Congress writes au-thorization bills such as the one before us today. We do not lack influence. 
Let’s keep our scientific advisory 
boards free from political interference. If we choose to ignore the advice from our scientific advisory boards, as we are doing with H.R. 1806, that is our right. Congress doesn’t also have to put its fingerprints directly on the advice itself. We know by what has been said today that we are trying to take over the responsibility on this bill that I am against, so that is one way you can do it. 
This amendment follows the under-
lying attack on science in this bill, but this amendment goes further. It gives Republican politicians a chance to di-rectly influence the scientific process in our country. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
amendment and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I feel 
so bad that the gentlewoman thinks this is politicizing this bill. That is the furthest thing from my intent. 
I know the gentlewoman does not 
know me and she does not know that, for 17 years, I served in the Virginia House of Delegates. In Virginia, any time we created a board or policy advi-sory group like this, we generally had legislative members on there. 
What we found when we did that was 
that, when an idea came from the ad-ministrative branch, whether it was of the party that I was in or of a different party, we generally found that, by hav-ing people that were familiar with both sides of the issue, but people who also relied on and came to talk to us on a regular basis in the legislature, we felt more comfortable with those rec-ommendations that had been made. We understood better what the background was. It made for better government. 
That is what this is intended to do. I 
didn’t ask for a majority. I didn’t say that Congress should have complete control. It just says there ought to be some members appointed by the Senate and appointed by the House. It doesn’t matter which party is in control of the House or Senate. Recently, that was di-vided. It doesn’t matter which party is in the executive branch. 
It just says this is a way to make 
sure that when you think it is impor-tant enough—when Congress thinks it is important enough to create an advi-sory board—that we both have some members, both the House and Senate, on that advisory board to make sure that there is interaction with us, as well as with the executive branch. Unless the belief is that the execu-
tive branch wants to politicize it be-cause they get all the appointments, I don’t know why they would think these appointments would be politicizing it. It is just for informational purposes and to make sure that everybody is heard at the table and that those ideas are shared. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Will the gentleman yield? 
Mr. GRIFFITH. I yield to the gentle-
woman. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I served in both the house and senate in Texas before coming here; I believe strongly in input, but this very bill and its structure has become so po-litical and so politically tainted in at-tempting to manipulate what is going on in our agencies, I just don’t trust your amendment. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Reclaiming my time, 
I would say that I don’t know the gen-tlewoman’s concerns on this particular bill. I do believe, as a Congress, we ought to be working to make sure that we have input on all of these advisory committees, whether it is on this bill or any other bill. 
Mr. Chairman, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I thank the gen-
tleman from Virginia for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I will be very brief. I 
support the gentleman’s amendment that will ensure that Congress has input on the composition of the new boards and panels created in the bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment as well. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I demand a re-corded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 71, line 21, strike ‘‘$933,700,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$938,700,000’’. 
Page 72, line 6, strike ‘‘$130,000,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$135,000,000’’. 
Page 72, line 8, strike ‘‘$125,000,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$130,000,000’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.073 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3453 May 20, 2015 
Page 72, line 19, strike ‘‘$933,700,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$938,700,000’’. 
Page 73, line 3, strike ‘‘$130,000,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$135,000,000’’. 
Page 73, line 5, strike ‘‘$125,000,000’’ and in-
sert ‘‘$130,000,000’’. 
Page 178, line 4, strike ‘‘$1,198,500,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$1,193,500,000’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, my amendment increases the authorized funding for the Manu-facturing Extension Partnership by $5 million and it offsets it by decreasing the authorized funding for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy by $5 million, for level funding. 
If our goal is to create and retain 
more American jobs, there is no better program to fund that than the Manu-facturing Extension Partnership. Ad-ministered by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, with cen-ters in every single State, for every $1 of Federal investment, this public-pri-vate partnership generates nearly $21 in new sales. As a result, this trans-lates into $2.5 billion annually. For every $2,001 of Federal investment, MEP creates or retains one American manufacturing job. 
The MEP programs provides our Na-
tion’s nearly 350,000 small manufactur-ers with services and access to re-sources that enhance growth, improve productivity, and expand capacity. This program is a win-win for our hard- working American taxpayers. Few, if any, other Federal programs can claim such a good return on our taxpayers’ investment. 
Considering this amendment author-
izes the program at $130 million that helps small American manufacturers directly and at a 50 percent cost share, this gives taxpayers more bang for their buck. 
The Office of Energy Efficiency and 
Renewable Energy has a total budget of over $1 billion, so moving $5 million to this valuable program for small businesses is simply good economic policy. 
This program is not a government 
handout. Instead, it requires small manufacturers who partner with their local MEP to have skin in the game with a 50 percent cost share. That is good for our taxpayers; it is good for manufacturing sectors, and it is good for American jobs. 
Since 1988, MEP has worked with 
nearly 80,000 American manufacturers, leading to $88 billion in sales and 14 bil-lion in cost savings. It has helped cre-ate more than 729,000 American jobs. 
Last year alone, MEP projects cre-
ated or retained nearly 64,000 American jobs, generated more than $6.7 billion in new and retained sales, and provided cost savings of more than $1.1 billion to small American manufacturers. b1700 
With the average small- and mid-size 
American manufacturing employee earning more than $77,000 a year in pay and benefits, these are exactly the types of jobs that policymakers need to be encouraging. And at a time when our economy is starting to recover, the MEP’s work is crucial in helping Amer-ica’s small manufacturers be stronger long-term competitors, both domesti-cally and internationally. 
In turn, this will allow them to cre-
ate good-paying, high-skilled jobs for America’s workers across the country. A growing manufacturing sector in America means more well-paying jobs for low- to moderate-income American families, reduced trade deficit and a ro-bust economy, and a flourishing inno-vation sector which can drive future growth. 
By supporting this amendment, Con-
gress will be sending a clear signal to our small American manufacturers and our job creators that they will con-tinue to play a vital role in the reinvig-oration of our economy. 
MEP is currently appropriated at 
$130 million, and this amendment would simply ensure that this popular, bipartisan program continues to be au-thorized at its current funding level. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposi-tion to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I strongly support the Manufacturing 
Extension Partnership program, or the MEP, at NIST. Since its establishment in 1988, the MEP program has gen-erated billions of dollars in new sales; it has saved MEP clients billions of dollars; and it has helped create more than 700,000 jobs. 
However, I cannot support this 
amendment because it increases the authorization for MEP by decreasing the authorization for the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy at the Department of Energy. EERE conducts important research on energy efficiency and renewable energy tech-nologies, including critical advance manufacturing initiatives. 
Unfortunately, EERE has become a 
favorite target for my friends on the other side of the aisle. The underlying bill cuts this office by almost 30 per-cent, and this amendment would make that cut even larger. 
I supported an amendment that 
would have increased MEP authoriza-tion to $141 million for fiscal year 2016, at the President’s request, without cut-ting EERE. But the amendment was not made in order. 
I strongly believe in MEP and want 
to see this funding level increased. I think it is important to note that this bill is an authorization bill, not an ap-propriations bill. In authorization bills, Congress should be deciding authoriza-
tion levels by determining what the program needs to accomplish its re-sponsibilities. 
Notwithstanding current Republican 
protocols, authorization bills should not have the same constraints as ap-propriation bills, including needing to offset any increases. This is a bizarre approach to legislating. 
Because of the unnecessary cut to 
EERE, I cannot support this amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject the false no-tion of needing to offset authoriza-tions. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania for yielding me this time. 
I just simply want to say that I be-
lieve his amendment restores current funding levels for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership program at the National Institute of Standards and Technology while offsetting those costs. It is a great amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I continue to re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I would just remark that if we are really trying to create jobs, if we are really trying to boost our econ-omy, if we are really trying to do all these things, if we are really trying to help small manufacturers, I don’t think that asking to transfer $15 mil-lion out of a $1 billion allotment is going to really have that much effect on that. 
This is not turning our back on some 
of the issues that you have, but this is looking forward to the future and say-ing we have got to help these people move forward. 
This is not a government handout. 
This is not a free amount of money. This is a 50 percent match. There are very few programs in our government that require that. 
This is something that just makes 
sense for America. It makes sense for all those folks that I represent and you represent back home. 
I have got to tell you something. 
Back in Western Pennsylvania, where I live, in Pennsylvania’s Third District, every morning, moms and dads get up and they throw their feet out over their bed and they go to work so that they can put a roof over the head for their children, food on their table, clothes on their back, and a promise for the future. 
This is a small investment. All we 
are doing is keeping it at $130 million. And in a government that spends tril-lions of dollars every year, I don’t know why we would quibble over $5 million because it is going to help job creation and job retention. It allows us to compete in a global market in a way that we actually win. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.038 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3454 May 20, 2015 
We don’t have to get political about 
this. What I want to do is, I want to think about all the people we represent and where those dollars go because every single dollar belongs to the American taxpayer. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
reminded to address all of his remarks to the Chair and not to other Members of the House. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate those remarks. He is describing my constituents as well. And if we had done as requested by the President, we would have left the authorization lev-els at the level he is trying to bring it to, and it would not have taken away from the other part of the research that is needed so badly in the other areas. 
I do not oppose what he is trying to 
do. What I oppose is how he is trying to do it. And for that, I still oppose the total amount because it is not treating the other program fairly. 
It is not that I oppose MEP. My con-
stituents are no different than yours. They get up every day to work hard and need opportunities. I am sure many of yours get more opportunities than some of mine. And so I agree with that totally. 
I agreed with the President’s level of 
recommendation of where he wants to take it. What I disagree with is he is taking it out of another area when it is not necessary. 
We are not appropriations. We are to 
recommend authorizations. We can do the authorization for his level without taking away from an area they don’t like. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Members are ad-
vised to address their remarks to the Chair and not to each other. 
The question is on the amendment 
offered by the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 114, line 23, through page 115, line 18, 
strike subsections (b) through (d). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
My amendment would do two impor-
tant things. First, it would preserve the Energy Department’s ability to se-lect projects based on merit, and, sec-ond, it would preserve a very basic sci-entific tenet, the ability of the Depart-
ment of Energy to replicate scientific results. 
Right now, the underlying bill man-
dates the prioritization of certain sci-entific fields over others, and it termi-nates science initiatives that can vali-date or question the results of previous scientific research. 
It is additionally unfortunate that in 
this formerly bipartisan bill, the ma-jority is again attempting to specifi-cally target and terminate the valuable research programs of some of our Na-tion’s brightest scientists if they study climate change. I think this is short-sighted, I think it is irresponsible, and I believe it is wrong. 
In order to ensure America’s energy 
security, we must understand the mul-tiplying risks to our energy infrastruc-ture due to a changing climate. In order to ensure America’s energy secu-rity, we must understand the lifecycle impacts of the fuels we use. And in order to ensure America’s energy secu-rity, we must lead the world in devel-oping clean renewable sources of en-ergy. 
For this vision to become a reality, 
the Department of Energy must sup-port sound scientific processes that in-clude selecting the most meritorious methods and questions that they wish to research and verifying those results through replication. 
H.R. 1806, as it is currently written, 
specifically targets the climate change research program in the Energy De-partment and instructs the director to cease ‘‘those climate science-related initiatives that are identified as over-lapping or duplicative.’’ 
A basic tenet of science is that you 
have to reproduce scientific results. You don’t run an experiment once and go to the world and say, ‘‘It’s true. We’ve figured it out.’’ 
No—science requires separate and 
independently verified results in order to draw conclusions. But now Congress is trying to legislate changes to the scientific method, and I think that is a shame. 
Science works best when multiple 
groups and agencies collaborate to find answers to important questions. And guess what? Congress has already cre-ated a way to coordinate among the 13 Federal agencies to ensure that each agency is researching the causes and effects of global changes most relevant to their missions. And it is called the U.S. Global Change Research Program. The proposed requirements in section 505 of H.R. 1806 are really just an at-tempt to create more roadblocks to studying climate change. 
My amendment preserves the sci-
entific integrity of the Office of Science, the U.S. Global Change Re-search Program and, more impor-tantly, the scientific process. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the Lowenthal 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), who is a member of the 
Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment and in support of the underlying reforms included in H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Re-authorization Act of 2015. 
This amendment would remove im-
portant measures that ensure greater transparency for the Federal Govern-ment’s climate science initiative and require accountability for the Office of Science to justify the value of related 
work going forward. 
The gentleman’s amendment would 
also remove underlying language in the America COMPETES Act that would require the Government Account-ability Office to identify duplicative climate science initiatives across the entire Federal Government. 
All Members of Congress should sup-
port transparency in federally funded research. It is our core responsibility to provide oversight for Federal pro-grams and make sure American tax-payer dollars are being spent respon-sibly, not duplicating work that has al-ready been done. 
That said, the language in the Amer-
ica COMPETES Act does not ban any particular area of science but, instead, requires that DOE justify the science’s merit and provide greater transparency if climate science work is intentionally duplicated. 
This provision in the America COM-
PETES Act is simply good governance and is more important now than ever. The Obama administration has unapologetically pushed forward a po-liticized climate agenda through the Federal Government, prioritizing cli-mate change research above all else. Better transparency can help prevent wasteful spending and prioritize the most valuable research. 
H.R. 1806 authorizes the Office of 
Science within the Department of En-ergy to support basic research in the physical sciences, including research on Earth’s atmosphere. By including these good government measures, the America COMPETES Act gives Con-gress appropriate oversight, funds valu-able research, but does not provide a blank check for the President’s climate agenda. 
This amendment would strike these 
important accountability measures from the America COMPETES Act re-search. For that reason, I oppose the amendment and encourage my col-leagues to do the same. 
b1715 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, 
could you tell me how much time I have left. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.076 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3455 May 20, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. I yield 1 minute 
to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
Mr. Chairman, it is not surprising 
that the Biological and Environmental Research program at DOE is targeted 
with harmful provisions in this bill. It is targeted because the program is a leader in advancing our understanding of the causes and impacts of climate change. 
Hiding our heads in the sand will not 
solve anything, and it certainly won’t stop the Earth from warming. Allowing partisan politics to skew the scientific understanding of climate change is cynical and shortsighted. 
It is especially cynical considering 
that in the majority’s own bill, they state that climate change is happening. They just had to take the statement out that it is caused by human beings. 
The gentleman from California’s 
amendment would simply strike those harmful provisions so that scientists supported by BER can continue their important work without political in-terference. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important amendment. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
am prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I re-
peat: duplication is good science. Let me repeat that: duplication is good science. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the Lowenthal 
amendment to maintain the Depart-ment of Energy’s ability to select sci-entific projects based upon scientific merit, that support the mission of the Department of Energy and the broader energy security of our country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would strike good gov-ernment accountability measures with-in the COMPETES bill that require DOE’s Office of Science to prioritize bi-ological systems and genomic science. It would also strike reforms included in the America COMPETES Act that pre-vent duplication of research, which saves taxpayer dollars. 
I encourage Members to oppose the 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 133, before line 19, insert the fol-
lowing new section: 
SEC. 604. ENERGY INNOVATION HUBS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall carry out a program to enhance the Na-tion’s economic, environmental, and energy security by making awards to consortia for establishing and operating Energy Innova-tion Hubs to conduct and support, whenever practicable at one centralized location, mul-tidisciplinary, collaborative research, devel-opment, and demonstration of advanced en-ergy technologies. 
(2) T
ECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT FOCUS .—The 
Secretary shall designate for each Hub a unique advanced energy technology focus. 
(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall en-
sure the coordination of, and avoid unneces-sary duplication of, the activities of Hubs with those of other Department of Energy research entities, including the National Laboratories, the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, Energy Frontier Research Centers, and within industry. 
(b) C
ONSORTIA .— 
(1) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive 
an award under this section for the estab-lishment and operation of a Hub, a consor-tium shall— 
(A) be composed of no fewer than 2 quali-
fying entities; and 
(B) operate subject to an agreement en-
tered into by its members that documents— 
(i) the proposed partnership agreement, in-
cluding the governance and management structure of the Hub; 
(ii) measures to enable cost-effective im-
plementation of the program under this sec-tion; 
(iii) a proposed budget, including financial 
contributions from non-Federal sources; 
(iv) a plan for managing intellectual prop-
erty rights; and 
(v) an accounting structure that enables 
the Secretary to ensure that the consortium has complied with the requirements of this section. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—A consortium seeking to 
establish and operate a Hub under this sec-tion, acting through a prime applicant, shall transmit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary shall re-quire, including a detailed description of the elements of the consortium agreement re-quired under paragraph (1)(B). If the consor-tium members will not be located at one cen-tralized location, such application shall in-clude a communications plan that ensures close coordination and integration of the Hub’s activities. 
(c) S
ELECTION AND SCHEDULE .—The Sec-
retary shall select consortia for awards for the establishment and operation of Hubs through competitive selection processes. In selecting consortia, the Secretary shall con-sider the information a consortium must dis-close according to subsection (b), as well as any existing facilities a consortium will pro-vide for Hub activities. Awards made to a Hub shall be for a period not to exceed 5 years, subject to the availability of appro-priations, after which the award may be re-newed, subject to a rigorous merit review. A Hub already in existence on the date of en-actment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years, subject to the availability of appropriations, beginning on the date of establishment of that Hub. (d) H
UBOPERATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each Hub shall conduct or 
provide for multidisciplinary, collaborative research, development, and demonstration of advanced energy technologies within the technology development focus designated under subsection (a)(2). Each Hub shall— 
(A) encourage collaboration and commu-
nication among the member qualifying enti-ties of the consortium and awardees by con-ducting activities whenever practicable at one centralized location; 
(B) develop and publish on the Department 
of Energy’s website proposed plans and pro-grams; 
(C) submit an annual report to the Sec-
retary summarizing the Hub’s activities, in-cluding detailing organizational expendi-tures, and describing each project under-taken by the Hub; and 
(D) monitor project implementation and 
coordination. 
(2) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— 
(A) P ROCEDURES .—Hubs shall maintain 
conflict of interest procedures, consistent with those of the Department of Energy, to ensure that employees and consortia des-ignees for Hub activities who are in decision-making capacities disclose all material con-flicts of interest, and avoid such conflicts. 
(B) D
ISQUALIFICATION AND REVOCATION .— 
The Secretary may disqualify an application or revoke funds distributed to a Hub if the Secretary discovers a failure to comply with conflict of interest procedures established under subparagraph (A). 
(3) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSTRUCTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—No funds provided pursu-
ant to this section may be used for construc-tion of new buildings or facilities for Hubs. Construction of new buildings or facilities shall not be considered as part of the non- Federal share of a Hub cost-sharing agree-ment. 
(B) T
EST BED AND RENOVATION EXCEPTION .— 
Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit the use of funds provided pursuant to this sec-tion, or non-Federal cost share funds, for re-search or for the construction of a test bed or renovations to existing buildings or facili-ties for the purposes of research if the Sec-retary determines that the test bed or ren-ovations are limited to a scope and scale necessary for the research to be conducted. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the ex-
isting authorities of the Department, the Secretary may terminate an underper-forming Hub for cause during the perform-ance period. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
(1) A DVANCED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY .—The 
term ‘‘advanced energy technology’’ means— 
(A) an innovative technology— (i) that produces energy from solar, wind, 
geothermal, biomass, tidal, wave, ocean, or other renewable energy resources; 
(ii) that produces nuclear energy; (iii) for carbon capture and sequestration; (iv) that enables advanced vehicles, vehicle 
components, and related technologies that result in significant energy savings; 
(v) that generates, transmits, distributes, 
utilizes, or stores energy more efficiently than conventional technologies, including through Smart Grid technologies; or 
(vi) that enhances the energy independence 
and security of the United States by ena-bling improved or expanded supply and pro-duction of domestic energy resources, in-cluding coal, oil, and natural gas; 
(B) research, development, and demonstra-
tion activities necessary to ensure the long- term, secure, and sustainable supply of en-ergy critical elements; or 
(C) another innovative energy technology 
area identified by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.079 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3456 May 20, 2015 
(2) H UB.—The term ‘‘Hub’’ means an En-
ergy Innovation Hub established or oper-ating in accordance with this section, includ-ing any Energy Innovation Hub existing as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
(3) Q
UALIFYING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘quali-
fying entity’’ means— 
(A) an institution of higher education; (B) an appropriate State or Federal entity, 
including the Department of Energy Feder-ally Funded Research and Development Cen-ters; 
(C) a nongovernmental organization with 
expertise in advanced energy technology re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application; or 
(D) any other relevant entity the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment seeks to authorize the En-ergy Innovation Hubs program within the Department of Energy. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
S
MITH and his staff for working with 
me to craft this amendment. Because I know that the chairman supports the amendment, I will keep my remarks brief. 
Energy Innovation Hubs are collabo-
rative research centers that bring to-gether teams of scientists and engi-neers from academia, industry, and na-tional laboratories in order to accel-erate scientific discoveries that ad-dress critical energy issues. They were created in 2010 and have received al-most $500 million in funding already. 
The four hubs currently focus on ev-
erything from improving nuclear reac-tors through computer-based modeling to improving battery technology for transportation and the grid. 
The amendment before us would not 
only authorize this important research but would also provide critical guide-lines and accountability measures for the program. 
A rigorous merits-based renewal 
process would be implemented. The Secretary would be empowered to ter-minate underperforming hubs at any time, and funds would be prohibited from being used for the purpose of con-structing buildings so that every tax-payer dollar goes toward the research for which it is intended. 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
Texas, Chairman S
MITH, for his help 
and guidance in developing this amend-ment. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment would authorize the Department of Energy Innovation Hubs. These integrated research plat-forms conduct fundamental research to address critical challenges in energy 
technology. 
Currently, DOE operates four hubs, 
which all focus on the critical energy issues. They include the Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, which uses high per-formance computation modeling to simulate and improve reactors. And it includes the Joint Center for Energy Storage Research, which focuses on de-veloping the next generation of battery technologies. 
My thanks go to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ), a very active 
and alert member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for offering this amendment and for work-ing with us to develop this bipartisan amendment. I encourage Members to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 162, lines 3 through 5, strike sub-
section (d). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to address 
an issue of national security. 
The Department of Defense is the 
world’s largest institutional consumer of fuel. As a result, the volatility of oil prices directly affects military readi-ness. Every $10 increase on a barrel of oil costs the Department of Defense an additional $1.3 billion a year. 
To reduce our military’s and our Na-
tion’s dependence on a single source of fuel, the Departments of Defense, En-ergy, and Agriculture have been work-ing closely over the past 4 years with the private sector to scale up an ad-vanced ‘‘drop-in’’ biofuel production capability. 
One of those projects is in Lakeview, 
Oregon, where a forest biomass plant will produce fuel for the U.S. Navy and Marines. It is one of three companies selected by the Departments of De-fense, Energy, and Agriculture to produce cost-competitive drop-in mili-tary biofuels. Once at scale, these bio-refineries will have a combined capac-ity to produce 100 million gallons of 
fuel for military ships and planes while reducing their greenhouse gas emis-sions by 50 percent compared to con-ventional fuels. 
Our military and Nation are faced 
with a growing global demand for en-ergy. We need to have a greater empha-sis on renewable energy and energy-ef-ficient technologies. Yet, without any apparent logic, this bill would prohibit the Department of Energy—the lead agency with deep, technical expertise in this area—from partnering with the Department of Defense to develop biofuels. 
The amendment that I am offering 
strikes this prohibition and would allow the Departments of Energy and Defense to continue their efforts to learn from each other’s expertise. 
Mr. Chairman, I will introduce into 
the R
ECORD a letter opposing the prohi-
bition from the Truman National Secu-rity Project, where they note—these are retired military—that 4 years of partnership between the Departments of Defense, Energy, and Agriculture have seen impressive progress in the development of advanced drop-in biofuels that will allow the military to turn away from an outdated fuel source. Members of the military from every rank and service have spoken out in favor of the continued investment in biofuels for the reasons of cost and ca-pability. 
OPERATION FREE, 
April 21, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Hon. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BERJOHNSON : The American military is the 
greatest fighting force the world has ever seen. The United States Congress has the critical responsibility of empowering our military leaders by equipping that force with the tools they need to engage effectively in a world of ever-increasing security threats. Accordingly, we urge you to withdraw the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, which would bar the Department of En-ergy from continuing a four-year collabora-tion with the Departments of Defense and Agriculture to develop cost-effective ad-vanced biofuels. 
Time and again throughout our history, 
the military has chosen to innovate towards new solutions. While the advances resulting from these efforts have often benefited our nation as a whole, they are undertaken not for the sake of novelty or adventure but to fill a key operational or tactical need. Ad-vanced biofuels fills such a need: Reducing the dangerous dependence of the U.S. mili-tary on fossil fuels. 
The Department of Defense is the world’s 
largest institutional consumer of fuel. With approximately $15 billion per year budgeted simply to maintain freedom of movement, the U.S. military is dangerously sensitive to the volatility of oil prices; a $10 change in the price per barrel of crude oil leaves the Department of Defense with a $1.3 billion shortfall and sees increased profits to coun-tries who oppose our interests around the world. And because oil is priced in a global market, no amount of domestic production can insulate the military from these effects. 
We have learned firsthand that oil truly is 
the Achilles’ heel of our military. With most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.040 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3457 May 20, 2015 
of the world’s oil traveling through two or 
three major chokepoints, the military must allocate significant manpower and resources to keeping those sea lanes open and secure. Moreover, as the military transitions from large-scale land engagements in the Middle East and towards a broader engagement in the Asia-Pacific, the costs and logistical challenges associated with moving fuel over thousands of miles of ocean will only in-crease. 
The threat of oil dependence along with 
the need for energy security isn’t going away any time soon. And we shouldn’t impede progress of alternatives that are moving for-ward now. Four years of partnership between the Departments of Defense, Energy, and Ag-riculture have seen impressive progress in the development of advanced, ‘‘drop in’’ biofuels that will allow the military to turn away from an outdated fuel source. Top line military platforms as diverse as the super- sonic F/A–18 ‘‘Green Hornet,’’ the Air Force’s F16 fighter jets, the MH–60S Seahawk heli-copter, the AV–8B Harrier, the Fire Scout unmanned vehicle, the Riverine Command Boat (RCB-X) and the frigate USS Ford have all operated at full capacity and with no averse side effects using American-made biofuels. 
Members of the military from every rank 
and service have spoken out in favor of the continued investment in biofuels for reasons of cost and capabilities alike. These voices, rather than political leanings or parochial interests, must steer national security pol-icy. Accordingly, we urge you to withdraw the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015 and to ensure that the U.S. mili-tary is free to pursue the fuel sources its leaders deign necessary for maximum oper-ational and tactical success. 
Respectfully, 
M
ICHAEL BREEN , 
Executive Director, 
Truman National Se-curity Project Army Captain (Fmr.). 
RADM L
EENDERT ‘‘LEN’’ 
HERING , 
USN (Ret.). 
LTGENNORMAN SEIP, 
USAF (Ret.). 
Ms. BONAMICI. I urge adoption of 
the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield 4 min-
utes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), who is the chairman of the En-
ergy Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank the 
gentleman from Texas for yielding to me. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition 
to the gentlewoman’s amendment and in support of the underlying reforms included in H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
This amendment would remove a 
limitation included in the underlying bill that prevents the Department of Energy from using funding authorized for the EERE Biofuels program to con-duct commercial production of biofuels for defense purposes. 
The fact is that EERE already spends 
too much of their current budget on de-ployment and commercialization of re-
newable and energy efficient tech-nologies instead of research and devel-opment. 
The DOE’s ongoing effort to fund 
commercial-scale biofuels production for military purposes in cooperation with the Department of Defense and USDA is just one example. 
Redirecting funds from biofuels R&D 
is part of a broader problem. Depart-ment of Energy research and develop-ment programs should be focused on science, not creating a market for cer-tain types of fuels. The DOE should focus on a new idea for the market, not a market for the new idea. 
The Department of Defense spends 
billions annually on fuel costs, billions. When viable biofuels technology is able to compete with conventional fuels— trust me—the private sector can and will develop commercial-scale biofuels production to meet demand. It is just that simple, Mr. Chairman. 
And despite significant Federal pro-
grams to support the use of biofuels, a recent GAO, Government Account-ability Office, study concluded that the long-term viability of alternative fuels is dependent on market factors, not Federal funds or mandates. That same study reported that the Department of Defense paid $150 per gallon for 1,500 gallons of alternative jet fuel derived from algal oil. Taxpayers should be outraged. 
The other side may be, in fact, pro-
moting their global warming theory because when taxpayers find out about this kind of waste, there are going to be a lot of them hot under the collar. 
The Department of Energy should 
focus on research and development, not commercial biofuels production. This limitation is consistent with the broad-er goals of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, which prioritizes research and development in all R&D program areas while cutting spending on deployment and commercialization. 
I am aghast, Mr. Chairman, that the 
other side somehow thinks Congress shouldn’t be paying attention to the way taxpayer dollars are spent. 
For these reasons, I encourage my 
colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, may I 
please inquire as to the amount of time remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Oregon has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Ms. BONAMICI. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ), a member of the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. PETERS. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise as a cosponsor 
of this amendment, and I am glad to be working with Congresswoman B
ONAMICI and my colleague on the 
Armed Services Committee, Ranking Member A
DAMSMITH. 
Our amendment simply allows the 
Department of Energy to continue its collaborative work with the Depart-
ment of Defense to produce biofuels for the military. 
The Department of Defense is the 
single largest institutional consumer of fuel in the world, and this is all about saving money because our mili-tary spends about $20 billion a year on energy, $16 billion of which goes to oil fuels. 
As we have seen in recent years, 
global oil markets are volatile. And de-spite massive production increases in the United States, according to the En-ergy Information Administration, last year, our net imports of petroleum were 5 million barrels per day, with our top five suppliers being Canada, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Venezuela, and Iraq. That reliance on a volatile, foreign- produced source of fuel puts our na-tional security at risk, particularly when we face dynamic, new threats from nonstate actors such as ISIS, al Qaeda, or individual terrorists who can disrupt oil production and supply lines in new and intimidating ways. 
The constraints of depending so heav-
ily on a single source of fuel also puts our readiness at risk, a problem that will only increase as we are forced to respond to international incidents across the globe at a moment’s notice and as our military makes its strategic pivot toward the vast Pacific Ocean. 
Instead of standing idly by and wait-
ing for a fuel-supply crisis that would endanger our ability to confront those wanting to harm our country, the De-partments of Defense, Energy, and Ag-riculture have been working with pri-vate sector innovators to develop re-newable biofuels that could be used by planes, tactical vehicles, and ships. 
The Navy already has innovative 
partnerships with algae producers and their high-skilled workers in my dis-trict in San Diego. 
Congress should be laying the 
groundwork for more strategic public- private partnerships to develop like those in San Diego, not mandating that they cannot exist. 
The military is not pursuing this fuel 
supply diversity because they are tree- hugging environmentalists but because it is a national security imperative. 
Foolishly, today’s COMPETES Act 
would bar the Department of Defense from working with the Department of Energy on developing biofuels. Why would we undercut an effort that our military commanders are for and say will save lives? 
b1730 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ), a member of the 
Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my dear friend, Ms. B
ONAMICI , for yield-
ing and for her leadership on this im-portant issue. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of 
this commonsense amendment to allow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.045 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3458 May 20, 2015 
the Department of Energy and the De-
partment of Defense to continue work-ing together to develop biofuel options for our Nation’s military. 
DOD’s reliance on a single source of 
fuel deepens dependence on foreign oil, threatens our national security, and contributes significantly to spending. Why would we not want the Depart-ment of Energy with their deep tech-nical expertise in this area to assist DOD to create alternatives for petro-leum-based fuels? It makes no sense, and I urge my colleagues’ support. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
in closing, the gentlewoman’s amend-ment would remove an important limi-tation from the underlying bill that prevents the Department of Energy from spending research dollars to fund commercial-scale biofuels development for defense purposes. DOE should focus on innovative research and develop-ment, not commercial production of any particular form of energy. 
For those reasons, Mr. Chairman, I 
encourage Members to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk for Mr. D
ESAULNIER and myself. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 174, lines 18 through 24, strike para-
graph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to speak in 
support of our amendment, which would restore the ARPA-E goal of de-veloping energy technologies that re-sult in reductions in energy-related emissions, including greenhouse gases. I believe this is an important and ur-gent area of research and that it should remain explicitly stated in the statute as a goal for ARPA-E. 
When I look at the existing statute, 
it says: The goals of ARPA-E shall be reductions of 
imports of energy from foreign sources; re-ductions of energy-related emissions, includ-ing greenhouses gases; and improvement in the energy efficiency of all economic sectors. 
These are the three goals which have 
been removed from the current bill. Global carbon dioxide concentrations have risen more than 120 parts per mil-lion since preindustrial times, half of that arrived just since 1980. The burn-ing of coal, oil, and natural gas is driv-ing the acceleration of greenhouse gas concentrations in our atmosphere. Just 2 weeks ago, NOAA reported that the monthly global average of concentra-tion of carbon dioxide has surpassed 400 parts per million. The last time this happened was over 1 million years ago. 
We must look to develop alternative 
energy sources that will reduce man-made emissions. ARPA-E is a unique agency that can help us with this mis-sion. Since 2009, it has funded over 400 potentially transformational energy technology projects. A number of these projects have spurred follow-on private sector funding, and a number of ARPA- E awardees have formed startup com-panies or partnered with other parts of the government and industry to ad-vance their technologies. 
Reducing energy-related emissions, 
including greenhouse gases, is an im-portant component to our Nation’s eco-nomic and energy security. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support our amendment to reinstate these three goals for ARPA-E, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), who is also the chairman 
of the Oversight Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise to oppose this amendment to H.R. 1806 because I support research that will enhance both the economic secu-rity and the energy security of the United States. 
The original America COMPETES 
Act, which established the Advanced Research Projects Agency within the Department of Energy, ARPA-E, re-quired the agency to only pursue projects that reduce greenhouse gases. The bill before us today, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, al-lows any advanced energy technology that could enhance U.S. economic and energy security to compete for ARPA- E funding. This levels the playing field and ensures that ARPA-E funds re-search with the greatest potential to have a positive impact on the Amer-ican economy. 
The COMPETES Act provides a bal-
anced approach to ARPA-E by reprioritizing funding towards innova-tive projects that are truly in need of Federal research dollars. The bill also removes restrictions that allow the ad-
ministration to play favorites in the energy sector. However, this amend-ment would strike the language which expands the ARPA-E project eligi-bility. As a result, this amendment would then limit innovative research and development. 
With all of the national security 
challenges we face today, from ter-rorism, to cybersecurity breaches, to our skyrocketing national debt, we should focus our attention on broad-ening our energy base and achieving energy independence, not limiting our-selves to one small area of environ-mental science. I believe we must adopt an all-of-the-above energy strat-egy that improves our energy security and emphasizes all energy opportuni-ties, including those which reduce greenhouse gases. 
Congress should not put in place ar-
bitrary limits on innovation that will prevent groundbreaking technologies from across the energy sector from par-ticipating in ARPA-E programs. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the 
ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, it is deeply troubling 
to me that this amendment had to be offered. This amendment fixes a provi-sion in this bill that strips away a foundational component of the ARPA- E program. 
As virtually every preeminent cli-
matologist in the world agrees, green-house gas emissions are growing so rapidly and are a growing threat to our way of life. Why wouldn’t we want one of the most innovative agencies to de-velop technologies that could address this critical issue? 
ARPA-E has made good funding 
choices supporting valuable research, as proven by its impressive track record of successful projects since it was first authorized. I certainly see no value in changing something that no serious energy policy analyst believes is broken. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER ’s and Mr. B EYER ’s 
amendment sets this clearly misguided provision aside. I enthusiastically sup-port it and urge my colleagues to do so as well. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I listened with great 
interest to the rebuttal of the alter-native argument from my friend, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and I found myself agree-
ing with almost everything that he said, but misunderstanding why retain-ing these three goals somehow played favorites, how they created arbitrary limits on innovation, and how they op-posed efforts to find our economic and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.085 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3459 May 20, 2015 
energy security. The purpose of the 
amendment is to recognize that reduc-ing dependence on foreign oil, that try-ing to find ways to limit greenhouse gases, and improving the energy effi-ciency of all economic sectors are wor-thy goals. 
Perhaps what we need to do is add a 
fourth one, which I would be happy to place first if the chairman would agree, that says the goals will be, first, to de-velop any breakthroughs in innovation that help the economic and energy se-curity of the Nation so that there is no playing of favorites and there are no arbitrary limitations. If we could work that out, that would be great. Other-wise, Mr. Chairman, I urge my col-leagues to support the amendment as offered, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
the gentleman’s amendment would re-move key policy reforms to ARPA-E from the COMPETES bill and instead place limitations on the research and development conducted at ARPA-E. Federally funded research should in-clude innovative technologies for all forms of energy, not just the Presi-dent’s personal preferences. So I en-
courage Members to oppose the amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part A of House Report 114–120. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—OSTP; GOVERNMENTWIDE 
SCIENCE 
Subtitle A—General Provisions 
Sec. 101. Federal research and development 
funding. 
Sec. 102. National Science and Technology 
Council amendments. 
Sec. 103. Review of Federal regulations and 
reporting requirements. 
Sec. 104. Amendments to prize competitions. Sec. 105. Coordination of international 
science and technology partner-ships. Sec. 106. Scientific and technical con-
ferences. 
Subtitle B—Reauthorization of the National 
Nanotechnology Initiative 
Sec. 111. Short title. 
Sec. 112. National Nanotechnology Program 
amendments. 
Sec. 113. Societal dimensions of nanotech-
nology. 
Sec. 114. Nanotechnology education. Sec. 115. Technology transfer. Sec. 116. Signature initiatives in areas of na-
tional importance. 
Sec. 117. Nanomanufacturing research. Sec. 118. Definitions. 
Subtitle C—Engineering Biology 
Sec. 121. Short title. 
Sec. 122. Findings. Sec. 123. Definitions. Sec. 124. National Engineering Biology Re-
search and Development Pro-gram. 
Sec. 125. Advisory Committee. Sec. 126. External review of ethical, legal, 
environmental, and societal issues. 
Sec. 127. Agency activities. 
TITLE II—STEM EDUCATION AND 
DIVERSITY 
Subtitle A—STEM Education and Workforce 
Sec. 201. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 202. Coordination of Federal STEM edu-
cation. 
Sec. 203. Grand challenges in education re-
search. 
Sec. 204. National Research Council report 
on STEAM education. 
Sec. 205. Engaging Federal scientists and en-
gineers in STEM education. 
Subtitle B—Broadening Participation in 
STEM 
Sec. 211. Short title. 
Sec. 212. Purpose. Sec. 213. Federal science agency policies for 
caregivers. 
Sec. 214. Collection and reporting of data on 
Federal research grants. 
Sec. 215. Policies for review of Federal re-
search grants. 
Sec. 216. Collection of data on demographics 
of faculty. 
Sec. 217. Cultural and institutional barriers 
to expanding the academic and Federal STEM workforce. 
Sec. 218. Research and dissemination at the 
National Science Foundation. 
Sec. 219. Report to Congress. Sec. 220. National Science Foundation sup-
port for increasing diversity among STEM faculty at insti-tutions of higher education. 
Sec. 221. National Science Foundation sup-
port for broadening participa-tion in undergraduate STEM education. 
Sec. 222. Definitions. 
TITLE III—NATIONAL SCIENCE 
FOUNDATION 
Subtitle A—General Provisions 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 302. Findings and sense of Congress on 
support for all fields of science and engineering. 
Sec. 303. National Science Foundation merit 
review. 
Sec. 304. Management and oversight of large 
facilities. 
Sec. 305. Support for potentially trans-
formative research. 
Sec. 306. Strengthening institutional re-
search partnerships. 
Sec. 307. Innovation Corps. 
Sec. 308. Definitions. 
Subtitle B—STEM Education 
Sec. 321. National Science Board report on 
consolidation of STEM edu-cation activities at the Founda-tion. Sec. 322. Models for graduate student sup-
port. 
Sec. 323. Undergraduate STEM education re-
form. 
Sec. 324. Advanced manufacturing edu-
cation. 
Sec. 325. STEM education partnerships. Sec. 326. Noyce scholarship program amend-
ments. 
Sec. 327. Informal STEM education. Sec. 328. Research and development to sup-
port improved K–12 learning. 
TITLE IV—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF 
STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 403. Hollings Manufacturing Extension 
Partnership. 
Sec. 404. National Academies review. Sec. 405. Improving NIST collaboration with 
other agencies. 
Sec. 406. Miscellaneous provisions. 
TITLE V—INNOVATION 
Sec. 501. Office of Innovation and Entrepre-
neurship. 
Sec. 502. Federal loan guarantees for innova-
tive technologies in manufac-turing. 
Sec. 503. Innovation voucher pilot program. Sec. 504. Federal Acceleration of State 
Technology Commercialization Pilot Program. 
TITLE VI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
Subtitle A—Office of Science 
Sec. 601. Short title. 
Sec. 602. Definitions. Sec. 603. Mission of the Office of Science. Sec. 604. Basic energy sciences program. Sec. 605. Biological and environmental re-
search. 
Sec. 606. Advanced scientific computing re-
search program. 
Sec. 607. Fusion energy research. Sec. 608. High energy physics program. Sec. 609. Nuclear physics program. Sec. 610. Science laboratories infrastructure 
program. 
Sec. 611. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—ARPA–E 
Sec. 621. Short title. 
Sec. 622. ARPA–E amendments. 
Subtitle C—Energy Innovation 
Sec. 641. Energy Innovation Hubs. 
Sec. 642. Participation in the Innovation 
Corps program. 
Sec. 643. Technology transfer. Sec. 644. Funding competitiveness for insti-
tutions of higher education and other nonprofit institutions. 
Sec. 645. Under Secretary for Science and 
Energy. 
Sec. 646. Special hiring authority for sci-
entific, engineering, and project management personnel. 
TITLE I—OSTP; GOVERNMENTWIDE 
SCIENCE 
Subtitle A—General Provisions 
SEC. 101. FEDERAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-
MENT FUNDING. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) The predominant driver of gross domes-
tic product growth over the past half cen-tury has been scientific and technological advancement. 
(2) Investments in research and develop-
ment have also delivered significant benefits for national security, health, energy secu-rity, education, and the personal well-being of all Americans. 
(3) Virtually every new technological prod-
uct is traceable to a research discovery, often one pursued with no application in mind. 
(4) Nondefense Federal research and devel-
opment accounts for only 1.7 percent of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.087 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3460 May 20, 2015 
Federal budget. Federal basic research ac-
counts for only 1 percent of the budget. 
(5) There is a deficit between what America 
is investing and what it should be investing to remain competitive, not only in research but in technology transfer, innovation, and job creation, thereby causing America’s highly successful science and technology en-terprise to atrophy. 
(6) Many research and development initia-
tives, due to the long time periods required to achieve completion, have benefited from stable and predictable investments and from multiyear financial planning. 
(7) The Federal science agencies should re-
ceive sustained and steady growth in funding for research and development activities, in-cluding basic research, across a wide range of disciplines, including physical, geological, and life sciences, mathematics, engineering, and social, behavioral, and economic sciences. 
SEC. 102. NATIONAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
COUNCIL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 401 of the National Science and 
Technology Policy, Organization, and Prior-ities Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 6651) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Federal 
Coordinating Council for Science, Engineer-ing, and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Science and Technology Council’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘and En-
ergy Research and Development Administra-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Energy, and any other agency designated by the President’’; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘engineering, and tech-
nology’’ and inserting ‘‘engineering, tech-nology, innovation, and STEM education’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘engineer-
ing, and technological’’ and inserting ‘‘engi-neering, technological, innovation, and STEM education’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) address research needs identified under 
paragraph (2) through appropriate funding mechanisms, which may include solicita-tions involving 2 or more agencies and pub-lic-private partnerships;’’. 
SEC. 103. REVIEW OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS 
AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish or designate a working group under the National Science and Technology Council with the responsibility of reviewing Federal regulatory and reporting require-ments across Federal agencies that affect the conduct of United States research in an effort to reduce regulatory burdens and to eliminate and harmonize duplicative regu-latory and reporting requirements. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
established or designated under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) periodically review all Federal regula-
tions and reporting requirements that affect the conduct of United States research to— 
(A) identify ways to harmonize overlapping 
or duplicative research regulations and re-porting requirements across Federal agen-cies; 
(B) evaluate such regulations and report-
ing requirements in relationship to the risks the requirements seek to address to deter-mine if the benefits of the requirements are commensurate with the costs to the progress of science or to the taxpayer; 
(C) identify any regulations that are ap-
plied to scientific researchers or to research- performing institutions for which exemp-tions could be reasonably applied or for which adjustments could be made to better fit those regulations to diverse research en-
vironments; and 
(D) identify any specific regulations which 
could be refocused on performance-based goals rather than on process while still meeting the desired outcome; 
(2) examine the extent to which agencies’ 
guidance documents adhere with the most recently updated version of the Office of Management and Budget’s Agency Good Guidance Practices bulletin; and 
(3) develop and update at least once every 
3 years a strategic plan for streamlining Fed-eral regulations and reporting requirements that affect the conduct of United States re-search that contains, at a minimum— 
(A) a priority list of research-related regu-
lations, reporting requirements, and agency guidance to be harmonized, streamlined, up-dated, or eliminated; and 
(B) a plan, including a timeline, for imple-
menting the regulatory and reporting re-forms identified in subparagraph (A). 
(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In carrying out 
the responsibilities under subsection (b), in-cluding the development of the strategic plan under subsection (b)(3), the working group established or designated under sub-section (a) shall take into account input and recommendations from non-Federal stake-holders, including federally funded and non-federally funded researchers, institutions of higher education, scientific disciplinary soci-eties and associations, nonprofit research in-stitutions, industry, including small busi-nesses, federally funded research and devel-opment centers, and others with a stake in ensuring effectiveness, efficiency, and ac-countability in the performance of scientific research. 
(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF OSTP.—The Direc-
tor of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in collaboration with the Office of Management and Budget Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, shall encourage and monitor the efforts of the participating agencies to ensure that the strategic plan is developed under subsection (b)(3) and that appropriate steps are taken by the agencies to effectively implement the recommenda-tions, achieve the objectives, and to adhere to the timeline in the strategic plan. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit the priority list and 
strategic plan developed under subsection (b)(3) to the Congress. The Director shall fur-ther provide a report annually to the Con-gress, to be submitted not later than 60 days after the submission of the President’s an-nual budget request, on the progress toward implementation of the regulatory reforms outlined in the strategic plan. 
SEC. 104. AMENDMENTS TO PRIZE COMPETI-
TIONS. 
Section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-
nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘sec-
tion, a prize’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘types’’ after ‘‘following’’; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prizes’’ 
and inserting ‘‘prize competitions’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’ 
and inserting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Gov-ernment website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prize’’ 
and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(3) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘prize’’ 
and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ 
before ‘‘competition’’ both places it appears; 
(5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting 
‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting 
‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’ both places it appears; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—An agency may waive the re-
quirement under paragraph (2). The annual report under subsection (p) shall include a list of such waivers granted during the pre-ceding fiscal year, along with an explanation of the reasons for granting the waivers.’’; 
(6) in subsection (j) by amending paragraph 
(2) to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) I
NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .— 
‘‘(A) L ICENSES .—The Federal Government 
may negotiate a license for the use of intel-lectual property developed by a participant for a prize competition. 
‘‘(B) O
THER CONDITIONS .—A Federal agency 
or agencies in cooperation may require par-ticipants to agree in advance to a specific approach to intellectual property as a condi-tion for eligibility to participate in a prize competition.’’; 
(7) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting 
‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ 
before ‘‘competitions’’ both places it ap-pears; 
(8) in subsection (l), by striking all after 
‘‘may enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity to administer the prize com-petition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; 
(9) in subsection (m)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Support for a prize com-
petition under this section, including finan-cial support for the design and administra-tion of a prize competition or funds for a cash prize purse, may consist of Federal ap-propriated funds and funds provided by pri-vate sector for-profit and nonprofit entities. The head of an agency may accept funds from other Federal agencies, private sector for-profit entities, and nonprofit entities, to be available to the extent provided by appro-priations Acts, to support such prize com-petitions. The head of an agency may not give any special consideration to any private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity in return for a donation.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prize 
awards’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘No prize’’ and inserting 
‘‘No prize competition’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the prize’’ and inserting 
‘‘the cash prize purse’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘a 
prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse’’; 
(E) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by inserting 
‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘prize’’; 
(F) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘a 
prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘cash 
prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
(10) in subsection (n), by inserting ‘‘for 
both for-profit and nonprofit entities,’’ after ‘‘contract vehicle’’; 
(11) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
providing a prize’’ and insert ‘‘a prize com-petition or providing a cash prize purse’’; and 
(12) in subsection (p)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL  
REPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘B IENNIAL REPORT ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘of each year’’ and inserting 
‘‘of each odd-numbered year’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3461 May 20, 2015 
(ii) by striking ‘‘preceding fiscal year’’ and 
inserting ‘‘preceding 2 fiscal years’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘cash 
prizes’’ both places it occurs and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) P
LAN.—A description of crosscutting 
topical areas and agency-specific mission needs that may be the strongest opportuni-ties for prize competitions during the upcom-ing 2 fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 105. COORDINATION OF INTERNATIONAL 
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PART-NERSHIPS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015’’. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish a body under the National Science and Technology Council (NSTC) with the responsibility to identify and co-ordinate international science and tech-nology cooperation that can strengthen the United States science and technology enter-prise, improve economic and national secu-rity, and support United States foreign pol-icy goals. 
(c) NSTC B
ODYLEADERSHIP .—The body es-
tablished under subsection (b) shall be co- chaired by senior level officials from the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy and the Department of State. 
(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The body estab-
lished under subsection (b) shall— 
(1) plan and coordinate interagency inter-
national science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partner-ships supported or managed by Federal agen-cies and work with other National Science and Technology Council committees to help plan and coordinate the international com-ponent of national science and technology priorities; 
(2) establish Federal priorities and policies 
for aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partnerships sup-ported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; 
(3) identify opportunities for new inter-
national science and technology cooperative research and training partnerships that ad-vance both the science and technology and the foreign policy priorities of the United States; 
(4) in carrying out paragraph (3), solicit 
input and recommendations from non-Fed-eral science and technology stakeholders, in-cluding universities, scientific and profes-sional societies, industry, and relevant orga-nizations and institutions; and 
(5) identify broad issues that influence the 
ability of United States scientists and engi-neers to collaborate with foreign counter-parts, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information. 
(e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of 
the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a report, to be updated annu-ally, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. The report shall also be made available to the public on the reporting agency’s website. The report shall contain a description of— 
(1) the priorities and policies established 
under subsection (d)(2); 
(2) the ongoing and new partnerships estab-
lished since the last update to the report; 
(3) the means by which stakeholder input 
was received, as well as summary views of stakeholder input; and (4) the issues influencing the ability of 
United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts. 
SEC. 106. SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL CON-
FERENCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Cooperative research and development 
activities, including collaboration between domestic and international government, in-dustry, and academic science and engineer-ing organizations, are important to pro-moting innovation and knowledge creation. 
(2) Scientific and technical conferences and 
trade events support the sharing of informa-tion, processes, and data within the sci-entific and engineering communities. 
(3) In hosting and attending scientific and 
technical conferences and trade events, Fed-eral agencies— 
(A) gain greater access to top researchers 
and to new and potentially transformative ideas; 
(B) keep abreast of developments relevant 
to their respective missions, as is relevant for future program planning; 
(C) help disseminate Federal research re-
sults; 
(D) provide opportunities both for em-
ployee professional development and for re-cruiting new employees; 
(E) participate in scientific peer review; 
and 
(F) support the reputation, visibility, and 
leadership both of the specific agency and of the United States. 
(4) For those Federal agencies that provide 
financial support for external research and development activities, participation in sci-entific and technical conferences can help ensure that funds are directed toward the most promising ideas, thereby maximizing the Federal investment. 
(b) P
OLICY .—To the extent practicable 
given budget, security, and other con-straints, the National Science Foundation, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Department of Energy, in addition to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, should support Fed-eral employee and contractor attendance at scientific and technical conferences and trade events as relevant both to employee and contractor duties and to the agency’s mission. 
(c) O
VERSIGHT .—Consistent with other rel-
evant law, the Federal agencies, through ap-propriate oversight, shall aim to minimize the costs to the Federal Government related to conference and trade event attendance, through methods such as— 
(1) ensuring that related fees collected by 
the Federal agency help offset total costs to the Federal Government; 
(2) developing or maintaining procedures 
for investigating unexpected increases in re-lated costs; and 
(3) strengthening policies and training rel-
evant to conference and trade event planning and participation. 
Subtitle B—Reauthorization of the National 
Nanotechnology Initiative 
SEC. 111. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Na-
tional Nanotechnology Initiative Amend-ments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 112. NATIONAL NANOTECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM AMENDMENTS. 
The 21st Century Nanotechnology Re-
search and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 2— (A) in subsection (c), by amending para-
graph (4) to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) develop, and update every 3 years 
thereafter, a strategic plan to guide the ac-tivities described under subsection (b) that specifies near-term and long-term objectives 
for the Program, the anticipated timeframe for achieving the near-term objectives, and the metrics to be used for assessing progress toward the objectives, and that describes— 
‘‘(A) how the Program will move results 
out of the laboratory and into applications for the benefit of society, including through cooperation and collaborations with nano-technology research, development, and tech-nology transition initiatives supported by the States; and 
‘‘(B) proposed research in areas of national 
importance in accordance with the require-ments of section 116 of the National Nano-technology Initiative Amendments Act of 2015;’’; 
(B) in subsection (d)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(5) as paragraphs (2) through (6), respec-tively; 
(ii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by clause (i), the following: 
‘‘(1) the Program budget, for the previous 
fiscal year, for each agency that participates in the Program, and for each program com-ponent area;’’; and 
(iii) by amending paragraph (6), as redesig-
nated by clause (i), to read as follows: 
‘‘(6) an assessment of how Federal agencies 
are implementing the plan described in sub-section (c)(7) and a description of the amount of Small Business Innovative Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Re-search funds supporting the plan.’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) S
TANDARDS SETTING .—The agencies 
participating in the Program shall support the activities of committees involved in the development of standards for nanotechnol-ogy and may reimburse the travel costs of scientists and engineers who participate in activities of such committees.’’; 
(2) in section 3— (A) by amending subsection (b)(1) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The operation of the Na-
tional Nanotechnology Coordination Office shall be supported by funds from each agency participating in the Program. 
‘‘(2) P
ROPORTION .—The portion of such Of-
fice’s total budget provided by each agency for each fiscal year shall be in the same pro-portion as the agency’s share of the total budget for the Program for the previous fis-cal year, as specified in the report required under section 2(d)(1). 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—The Director of the Na-
tional Nanotechnology Coordination Office may establish a minimum contribution or other exception to the requirement in para-graph (2) for participating agencies whose share of the total budget for the Program is below a threshold level, to be set by the Di-rector.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ATABASE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The National Nanotech-
nology Coordination Office shall develop and maintain a database accessible by the public of projects funded under at least the Envi-ronmental, Health, and Safety program com-ponent area, or any successor program com-ponent area, including, to the extent prac-ticable, a description of each project, its source of funding by agency, and its funding history. 
‘‘(B) O
RGANIZATION .—Projects shall be 
grouped by major objective as defined by the research plan required under section 113(b) of the National Nanotechnology Initiative Amendments Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
CCESSIBLE FACILITIES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3462 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The National Nanotech-
nology Coordination Office shall develop, maintain, and publicize information on nanotechnology facilities supported under the Program, and may include information on nanotechnology facilities supported by the States, that are accessible for use by in-dividuals from academic institutions and from industry. 
‘‘(B) W
EBSITES .—The National Nanotech-
nology Coordination Office shall maintain active web links to the websites for each of these facilities and shall work with each fa-cility supported under the Program to en-sure that each facility publishes on its re-spective website updated information on the terms and conditions for the use of the facil-ity, a description of the capabilities of the instruments and equipment available for use at the facility, and a description of the tech-nical support available to assist users of the facility.’’; 
(3) in section 4— (A) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘The co-chairs of the Advisory Panel shall meet the qualifications of Panel membership required in subsection (b) and may be members of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology. The Advisory Panel shall include members hav-ing specific qualifications tailored to enable it to carry out the requirements of sub-section (c)(6).’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) by striking paragraph (1); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) 
through (7) as paragraphs (1) through (6), re-spectively; and 
(C) by amending subsection (d) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—The Advisory Panel shall 
report not less frequently than every 3 years, and, to the extent practicable, 1 year fol-lowing each of the National Research Coun-cil triennial reviews required under section 5, to the President on its assessments under subsection (c) and its recommendations for ways to improve the Program. The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy shall transmit a copy of each report under this subsection to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives, and other appropriate commit-tees of the Congress.’’; 
(4) by amending section 5 to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘SEC. 5. TRIENNIAL EXTERNAL REVIEW OF THE 
NATIONAL NANOTECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-
tional Nanotechnology Coordination Office shall enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a triennial review of the Program. The Director shall ensure that the arrangement with the Na-tional Research Council is concluded in order to allow sufficient time for the report-ing requirements of subsection (b) to be sat-isfied. Each triennial review shall include an evaluation of the— 
‘‘(1) research priorities and technical con-
tent of the Program, including whether the balance of funding among program compo-nent areas, as designated according to sec-tion 2(c)(2), is appropriate; 
‘‘(2) Program’s scientific and technological 
accomplishments and its success in transfer-ring technology to the private sector; and 
‘‘(3) adequacy of the Program’s activities 
addressing ethical, legal, environmental, and other appropriate societal concerns, includ-ing human health concerns. 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITY REPORTS .—If the Director of 
the National Nanotechnology Coordination Office, working with the National Research Council and with input from the Advisory 
Panel, determines that a more narrowly fo-cused review of the Program is in the best 
interests of the Program, the Director may enter into such an arrangement with the Na-tional Research Council in lieu of a full re-view as required under subsection (a), but not more often than every second triennial review. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION TOBETRANSMITTED TO  
CONGRESS .—The National Research Council 
shall document the results of each triennial review carried out in accordance with this section in a report that includes any rec-ommendations for changes to the Program’s objectives, technical content, or other policy or Program changes. Each report shall be submitted to the Director of the National Nanotechnology Coordination Office, who shall transmit it to the Advisory Panel, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives.’’; and 
(5) in section 10— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) N
ANOTECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘nano-
technology’ means the science and tech-nology that will enable one to understand, measure, model, image, manipulate, and manufacture at the nanoscale, aimed at cre-ating materials, devices, and systems with fundamentally new properties or functions.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(7) N
ANOSCALE .—The term ‘nanoscale’ 
means one or more dimensions of between approximately 1 and 100 nanometers.’’. 
SEC. 113. SOCIETAL DIMENSIONS OF NANOTECH-
NOLOGY. 
(a) C OORDINATOR FOR ENVIRONMENTAL , 
HEALTH , ANDSAFETY RESEARCH .—The Direc-
tor of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall designate an associate director of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy or other appropriate senior government official as the Coordinator for Environ-mental, Health, and Safety Research. The Coordinator shall be responsible for over-sight of the coordination, planning, and budget prioritization of research and other activities related to environmental, health, safety, and other appropriate societal con-cerns related to nanotechnology. The respon-sibilities of the Coordinator shall include— 
(1) ensuring that a research plan for the 
environmental, health, and safety research activities required under subsection (b) is de-veloped, updated, and implemented and that the plan is responsive to the recommenda-tions of the Advisory Panel established under section 4(a) of the 21st Century Nano-technology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7503(a)); and 
(2) encouraging and monitoring the efforts 
of the agencies participating in the Program to allocate the level of resources and man-agement attention necessary to ensure that the environmental, health, safety, and other appropriate societal concerns related to nanotechnology are addressed under the Pro-gram. 
(b) R
ESEARCH PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Coordinator for Envi-
ronmental, Health, and Safety Research shall convene and chair a panel comprised of representatives from the agencies funding research activities under the Environmental, Health, and Safety program component area of the Program, or any successor program component area, and from such other agen-cies as the Coordinator considers necessary to develop, periodically update, and coordi-nate the implementation of a research plan for this program component area. Such panel may be a subgroup of the Nanoscale Science, Engineering, and Technology Subcommittee 
of the National Science and Technology Council. In developing and updating the plan, the panel convened by the Coordinator shall solicit and be responsive to rec-ommendations and advice from— 
(A) the Advisory Panel established under 
section 4(a) of the 21st Century Nanotechnol-ogy Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7503(a)); and 
(B) the agencies responsible for environ-
mental, health, and safety regulations asso-ciated with the production, use, and disposal of nanoscale materials and products. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF STANDARDS .—The plan 
required under paragraph (1) shall include a description of how the Program will help to ensure the development of— 
(A) standards related to nomenclature as-
sociated with engineered nanoscale mate-rials; 
(B) engineered nanoscale standard ref-
erence materials for environmental, health, and safety testing; and 
(C) standards related to methods and pro-
cedures for detecting, measuring, moni-toring, sampling, and testing engineered nanoscale materials for environmental, health, and safety impacts. 
(3) C
OMPONENTS OF PLAN .—The plan re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall, with re-spect to activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2)— 
(A) specify near-term research objectives 
and long-term research objectives; 
(B) specify milestones associated with each 
near-term objective and the estimated time and resources required to reach each mile-stone; 
(C) with respect to subparagraphs (A) and 
(B), describe the role of each agency carrying out or sponsoring research in order to meet the objectives specified under subparagraph (A) and to achieve the milestones specified under subparagraph (B); and 
(D) specify the funding allocated to each 
major objective of the plan and the source of funding by agency for the current fiscal year. 
(4) T
RANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the plan required under paragraph (1) shall be transmitted to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
(5) U
PDATING AND APPENDING TO REPORT .— 
The plan required under paragraph (1) shall be updated at least every 3 years and may be submitted as part of the report required under section 2(c)(4) of the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501(c)(4)). 
SEC. 114. NANOTECHNOLOGY EDUCATION. 
(a) U NDERGRADUATE EDUCATION PRO-
GRAMS .—The Program shall support efforts 
to introduce nanoscale science, engineering, and technology into undergraduate science and engineering education through a variety of interdisciplinary approaches. Activities supported may include— 
(1) development of courses of instruction or 
modules to existing courses; 
(2) faculty professional development; and (3) acquisition of equipment and instru-
mentation suitable for undergraduate edu-cation and research in nanotechnology. 
(b) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION OF EDU-
CATION .—The Committee established under 
section 2(c) of the 21st Century Nanotechnol-ogy Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501(c)) shall coordinate, as appro-priate, with the Committee established under section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3463 May 20, 2015 
to prioritize, plan, and assess the edu-
cational activities supported under the Pro-gram. 
(c) S
OCIETAL DIMENSIONS IN NANOTECHNOL -
OGY EDUCATION ACTIVITIES .—Activities sup-
ported under the Education and Societal Di-mensions program component area, or any successor program component area, that in-volve informal, precollege, or undergraduate nanotechnology education shall include edu-cation regarding the environmental, health and safety, and other societal aspects of nanotechnology. 
(d) R
EMOTE ACCESS TO NANOTECHNOLOGY  
FACILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Agencies supporting nano-
technology research facilities as part of the Program shall require the entities that oper-ate such facilities to allow access via the Internet, and support the costs associated with the provision of such access, by sec-ondary school students and teachers, to in-struments and equipment within such facili-ties for educational purposes. The agencies may waive this requirement for cases when particular facilities would be inappropriate for educational purposes or the costs for pro-viding such access would be prohibitive. 
(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The agencies identified 
in paragraph (1) shall require the entities that operate such nanotechnology research facilities to establish and publish proce-dures, guidelines, and conditions for the sub-mission and approval of applications for the use of the facilities for the purpose identified in paragraph (1) and shall authorize per-sonnel who operate the facilities to provide necessary technical support to students and teachers. 
SEC. 115. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER. 
(a) P ROTOTYPING .— 
(1) A CCESS TO FACILITIES .—In accordance 
with section 2(b)(7) of 21st Century Nano-technology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501(b)(7)), the agencies supporting nanotechnology research facilities as part of the Program shall provide access to such fa-cilities to companies for the purpose of as-sisting the companies in the development of prototypes of nanoscale products, devices, or processes (or products, devices, or processes enabled by nanotechnology) for determining proof of concept. The agencies shall publicize the availability of these facilities and en-courage their use by companies as provided for in this section. The agencies may waive this requirement for academic facilities for which the costs of providing such access would be prohibitive. 
(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The agencies identified 
in paragraph (1)— 
(A) shall establish and publish procedures, 
guidelines, and conditions for the submission and approval of applications for use of nano-technology facilities; 
(B) shall publish descriptions of the capa-
bilities of facilities available for use under this subsection, including the availability of technical support; and 
(C) may waive recovery, require full recov-
ery, or require partial recovery of the costs associated with use of the facilities for projects under this subsection. 
(3) S
ELECTION AND CRITERIA .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In cases when less than 
full cost recovery is required pursuant to paragraph (2)(C), projects provided access to nanotechnology facilities in accordance with this subsection shall be selected through a competitive, merit-based process, and the criteria for the selection of such projects shall include at a minimum the readiness of the project for technology demonstration. 
(B) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—The agencies 
may give special consideration in selecting projects to applications that are relevant to important national needs or requirements. (b) C
OLLABORATION WITHINDUSTRY .—The 
Program shall coordinate with industry from all industrial sectors that would benefit from applications of nanotechnology by— 
(1) enhancing communication of informa-
tion related to nanotechnology innovation, including information about research, edu-cation and training, manufacturing issues, and market-driven needs; 
(2) advancing and accelerating the creation 
of new products and manufacturing processes derived from discovery at the nanoscale by working with industry, including small and medium-sized manufacturers; 
(3) developing innovative methods for 
transferring nanotechnology products and processes from Federal agencies to industry; and 
(4) facilitating industry-led partnerships 
between the Program and industry sectors, including regional partnerships. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHSTATE , REGIONAL , 
AND LOCAL INITIATIVES .—Section 2(b)(5) of 
the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501(b)(5)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) ensuring United States global leader-
ship in the development and application of nanotechnology, including through the co-ordination and leveraging of Federal invest-ments with nanotechnology research, devel-opment, and technology transition initia-tives supported by the States and regions across the country;’’. 
SEC. 116. SIGNATURE INITIATIVES IN AREAS OF 
NATIONAL IMPORTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Program shall in-
clude support for nanotechnology research and development activities directed toward topical and application areas that have the potential for significant contributions to na-tional economic competitiveness and for other significant societal benefits. The ac-tivities supported shall be designed to ad-vance the development of research discov-eries by demonstrating technical solutions to important national challenges. The Advi-
sory Panel shall make recommendations to the Program for candidate research and de-velopment areas for support under this sec-tion. 
(b) C
HARACTERISTICS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Research and develop-
ment activities under this section shall— 
(A) include projects selected on the basis of 
applications for support through a competi-tive, merit-based process; 
(B) involve collaborations among research-
ers in academic institutions and industry, and may involve nonprofit research institu-tions and Federal laboratories, as appro-priate; 
(C) when possible, leverage Federal invest-
ments through collaboration with related State initiatives; and 
(D) include a plan for fostering the transfer 
of research discoveries and the results of technology demonstration activities to in-dustry for commercial development. 
(2) J
OINT SOLICITATIONS .—Projects sup-
ported under this section shall include projects for which determination of the re-quirements for applications, review and se-lection of applications for support, and sub-sequent funding of projects shall be carried out by a collaboration of no fewer than 2 agencies participating in the Program. In se-lecting applications for support, agencies may, as appropriate, give special consider-ation to projects that include cost sharing from non-Federal sources. 
(3) I
NTERDISCIPLINARY RESEARCH CENTERS .— 
Research and development activities under this section may be supported through inter-disciplinary nanotechnology research cen-ters, as authorized by section 2(b)(4) of the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501(b)(4)), that are organized to investigate basic research 
questions and carry out technology dem-onstration activities in areas such as those identified in subsection (a). 
(c) R
EPORT .—Reports required under sec-
tion 2(d) of the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501(d)) shall include a description of re-search and development areas supported in accordance with this section. 
SEC. 117. NANOMANUFACTURING RESEARCH. 
(a) R ESEARCH AREAS .—The Program shall 
include research on— 
(1) the development of instrumentation 
and tools required for the rapid characteriza-tion of nanoscale materials and for moni-toring of nanoscale manufacturing processes; and 
(2) approaches and techniques for scaling 
the synthesis of new nanoscale materials to achieve industrial-level production rates. 
(b) G
REEN NANOTECHNOLOGY .—Interdiscipli-
nary research centers supported under the Program in accordance with section 2(b)(4) of the 21st Century Nanotechnology Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7501(b)(4)) that are focused on nanomanufacturing re-search shall include as part of the activities of such centers— 
(1) research on methods and approaches to 
develop environmentally benign nanoscale products and nanoscale manufacturing proc-esses, taking into consideration relevant findings and results of research supported under the Environmental, Health, and Safety program component area, or any successor program component area; 
(2) fostering the transfer of the results of 
such research to industry; and 
(3) providing for the education of scientists 
and engineers through interdisciplinary studies in the principles and techniques for the design and development of environ-mentally benign nanoscale products and processes. 
SEC. 118. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle, terms that are defined in 
section 10 of the 21st Century Nanotechnol-ogy Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7509) have the meaning given those terms in that section. 
Subtitle C—Engineering Biology 
SEC. 121. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Engi-
neering Biology Research and Development Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 122. FINDINGS. 
The Congress makes the following findings: (1) Cellular and molecular processes may 
be used, mimicked, or redesigned to develop new products, processes, and systems that improve societal well-being, strengthen na-tional security, and contribute to the econ-omy. 
(2) Engineering biology relies on scientists 
and engineers with a diverse and unique set of skills combining the biological, physical, and information sciences and engineering. 
(3) Long-term research and development is 
necessary to create breakthroughs in engi-neering biology. Such research and develop-ment requires government investment as the benefits are too distant or uncertain for in-dustry to support alone. 
(4) The Federal Government can play an 
important role by facilitating the develop-ment of tools and technologies to further ad-vance engineering biology, including mul-tiple user facilities that the Federal Govern-ment is uniquely able to support. 
(5) Since other countries are investing sig-
nificant resources in engineering biology, the United States is at risk of losing its com-petitive lead in this emerging area if it does not invest the necessary resources and have a national strategy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3464 May 20, 2015 
(6) A National Engineering Biology Initia-
tive can serve to establish new research di-rections and technology goals, improve interagency coordination and planning proc-esses, drive technology transfer, and help en-sure optimal returns on the Federal invest-ment. 
SEC. 123. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘Advisory Committee’’ means 
the advisory committee designated under section 125; 
(2) the term ‘‘biomanufacturing’’ means 
the manufacturing of products using biologi-cal manufacturing technologies; 
(3) the term ‘‘engineering biology’’ means 
the science and engineering of cellular and molecular processes to advance fundamental understanding of complex natural systems and to develop new and advance existing products, processes, and systems that will contribute significantly to societal well- being, national security, and the economy; 
(4) the term ‘‘Interagency Committee’’ 
means the interagency committee des-ignated under section 124(e); and 
(5) the term ‘‘Program’’ means the Na-
tional Engineering Biology Research and De-velopment Program established under sec-tion 124. 
SEC. 124. NATIONAL ENGINEERING BIOLOGY RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-
plement a National Engineering Biology Re-search and Development Program to advance societal well-being, national security, and economic productivity and competitiveness through— 
(1) advancing areas of research at the 
intersection of the biological, physical, and information sciences and engineering; 
(2) supporting social science research that 
advances the field of engineering biology and contributes to the adoption of new products, processes, and technologies; 
(3) expanding the number of researchers, 
educators, and students with engineering bi-ology training; 
(4) accelerating the translation and com-
mercialization of engineering biology re-search and development by the private sec-tor; and 
(5) improving the interagency planning and 
coordination of Federal Government activi-ties related to engineering biology. 
(b) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—The activities of 
the Program shall include— 
(1) sustained support for engineering biol-
ogy research and development through— 
(A) grants to individual investigators and 
interdisciplinary teams of investigators; 
(B) projects funded under joint solicita-
tions by a collaboration of no fewer than two agencies participating in the Program; and 
(C) interdisciplinary research centers that 
are organized to investigate basic research questions and carry out technology develop-ment and demonstration activities; 
(2) education and training of under-
graduate and graduate students in research at the intersection of biological, physical, and information sciences and engineering; 
(3) activities to develop robust mechanisms 
for tracking and quantifying the outputs and economic benefits of engineering biology; and 
(4) activities to accelerate the translation 
and commercialization of new products, processes, and technologies by— 
(A) identifying precompetitive research op-
portunities; 
(B) facilitating public-private partnerships 
in engineering biology research and develop-ment; 
(C) connecting researchers, graduate stu-
dents, and postdoctoral fellows with entre-preneurship education and training opportu-
nities; and 
(D) supporting proof of concept activities 
and the formation of startup companies in-cluding through programs such as the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program. 
(c) E
XPANDING PARTICIPATION .—The Pro-
gram shall include, to the maximum extent practicable, outreach to primarily under-graduate and minority-serving institutions about Program opportunities, and shall en-
courage the development of research collabo-rations between research-intensive univer-sities and primarily undergraduate and mi-nority-serving institutions. 
(d) E
THICAL , LEGAL , ENVIRONMENTAL , AND 
SOCIETAL ISSUES .—Program activities shall 
take into account ethical, legal, environ-mental, and other appropriate societal issues, including the need for safeguards and monitoring systems to protect society against the unintended release of engineered materials produced, by— 
(1) supporting research, including in the 
social sciences, and other activities address-ing ethical, legal, environmental, and other appropriate societal issues related to engi-neering biology, including integrating re-search on these topics with the research and development in engineering biology, and en-suring that the results of such research are widely disseminated, including through interdisciplinary engineering biology re-search centers described in subsection (b)(1)(C); and 
(2) ensuring, through the agencies and de-
partments that participate in the Program, that public input and outreach are inte-grated into the Program by the convening of regular and ongoing public discussions through mechanisms such as citizen panels, consensus conferences, and educational events, as appropriate. 
(e) I
NTERAGENCY COMMITTEE .—The Presi-
dent shall designate an interagency com-mittee on engineering biology, which shall include representatives from the Office of Science and Technology Policy, the National Science Foundation, the Department of En-ergy, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Environ-mental Protection Agency, and any other agency that the President considers appro-priate. The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall select a chair-person from among the members of the Interagency Committee. The Interagency Committee shall oversee the planning, man-agement, and coordination of the Program. The Interagency Committee shall— 
(1) provide for interagency coordination of 
Federal engineering biology research, devel-opment, and other activities undertaken pur-suant to the Program; 
(2) establish and periodically update goals 
and priorities for the Program; 
(3) develop, not later than 12 months after 
the date of enactment of this subtitle, and update every 5 years, a strategic plan to guide the activities of the Program and meet the goals and priorities established under paragraph (2) and describe— 
(A) the Program’s support for long-term 
funding for interdisciplinary engineering bi-ology research and development; 
(B) the Program’s support for education 
and public outreach activities; 
(C) the Program’s support for research and 
other activities on ethical, legal, environ-mental, and other appropriate societal issues related to engineering biology; and 
(D) how the Program will move results out 
of the laboratory and into application for the benefit of society and United States com-petitiveness; (4) propose an annually coordinated inter-
agency budget for the Program that will en-sure the maintenance of a robust engineering biology research and development portfolio and ensure that the balance of funding across the Program is sufficient to meet the goals and priorities established for the Pro-gram; 
(5) develop a plan to utilize Federal pro-
grams, such as the Small Business Innova-tion Research Program and the Small Busi-ness Technology Transfer Program, in sup-port of the goals described in subsection (b)(4); and 
(6) in carrying out its responsibilities 
under this section, take into consideration the recommendations of the Advisory Com-mittee, the results of the workshop convened under section 126, existing reports on related topics, and the views of academic, State, in-dustry, and other appropriate groups. 
(f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Interagency 
Committee shall prepare an annual report, to be submitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 90 days after sub-mission of the President’s annual budget re-quest, that includes— 
(1) the Program budget for the fiscal year 
to which such budget request applies, and for the then current fiscal year, including a breakout of spending for each agency par-ticipating in the Program, and for the devel-opment and acquisition of any research fa-cilities and instrumentation; and 
(2) an assessment of how Federal agencies 
are implementing the plan described in sub-section (e)(5), and a description of the amount and number of Small Business Inno-vation Research and Small Business Tech-nology Transfer awards made in support of the Program. 
SEC. 125. ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall des-
ignate an advisory committee on engineer-ing biology research and development with at least 12 members, including representa-tives of research and academic institutions, industry, and nongovernmental entities, who are qualified to provide advice on the Pro-gram. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Advisory Committee 
shall assess— 
(1) progress made in implementing the Pro-
gram; 
(2) the need to revise the Program; (3) the balance of activities and funding 
across the Program; 
(4) whether the Program priorities and 
goals developed by the Interagency Com-mittee are helping to maintain United States leadership in engineering biology; 
(5) the management, coordination, imple-
mentation, and activities of the Program; and 
(6) whether ethical, legal, environmental, 
and other appropriate societal issues are ade-quately addressed by the Program. 
(c) R
EPORTS .—The Advisory Committee 
shall report within 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and thereafter not less frequently than once every 5 years, to the President, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, on its findings of the assessment car-ried out under this section and its rec-ommendations for ways to improve the Pro-gram. 
(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTAP-
PLICATION .—Section 14 of the Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Advisory Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3465 May 20, 2015 
SEC. 126. EXTERNAL REVIEW OF ETHICAL, 
LEGAL, ENVIRONMENTAL, AND SOCI-ETAL ISSUES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall enter into an agreement with the Na-tional Academies to convene a workshop to review the ethical, legal, environmental, and other appropriate societal issues related to engineering biology research and develop-ment. The goals of the workshop shall be to— 
(1) assess the current research on such 
issues; 
(2) evaluate the research gaps relating to 
such issues; and 
(3) provide recommendations on how the 
Program can address the research needs identified. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a summary report containing the findings of the workshop convened under this section. 
SEC. 127. AGENCY ACTIVITIES. 
(a) N ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—As 
part of the Program, the National Science Foundation shall— 
(1) support basic research at the intersec-
tion of the biological, physical, and informa-tion sciences and engineering through indi-vidual grants and through interdisciplinary research centers; 
(2) support research on the environmental 
and social effects of engineering biology; 
(3) provide research instrumentation sup-
port for engineering biology disciplines; and 
(4) award grants, on a competitive basis, to 
enable institutions to support graduate stu-dents and postdoctoral fellows who perform some of their engineering biology research in an industry setting. 
(b) D
EPARTMENT OF COMMERCE .—As part of 
the Program, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall— 
(1) establish a bioscience research program 
to advance the development of standard ref-erence materials and measurements and to create new data tools, techniques, and proc-esses necessary to advance engineering biol-ogy and biomanufacturing; 
(2) provide access to user facilities with ad-
vanced or unique equipment, services, mate-rials, and other resources to industry, insti-tutions of higher education, nonprofit orga-nizations, and government agencies to per-form research and testing; and 
(3) provide technical expertise to inform 
the development of guidelines and safeguards for new products, processes, and systems of engineering biology. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY .—As part of 
the Program, the Secretary of Energy shall— 
(1) conduct and support basic research, de-
velopment, demonstration, and commercial application activities in engineering biology disciplines, including in the areas of syn-thetic biology, advanced biofuel develop-ment, biobased materials, and environ-mental remediation; and 
(2) provide access to user facilities with ad-
vanced or unique equipment, services, mate-rials, and other resources, as appropriate, to industry, institutions of higher education, nonprofit organizations, and government agencies to perform research and testing. 
(d) N
ATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE AD-
MINISTRATION .—As part of the Program, the 
National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion shall— 
(1) conduct and support basic and applied 
research in engineering biology fields, in-cluding in the field of synthetic biology, and 
related to Earth and space sciences, aero-nautics, space technology, and space explo-ration and experimentation, consistent with the priorities established in the National Academies’ decadal surveys; and 
(2) award grants, on a competitive basis, 
that enable institutions to support graduate students and postdoctoral fellows who per-form some of their engineering biology re-search in an industry setting. 
(e) E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY .— 
As part of the Program, the Environmental Protection Agency shall support research on how products, processes, and systems of en-gineering biology will affect the environ-ment. 
TITLE II—STEM EDUCATION AND 
DIVERSITY 
Subtitle A—STEM Education and Workforce 
SEC. 201. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Na-
tional Science and Technology Council’s Committee on STEM Education (CoSTEM), established under section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621), has taken important initial steps toward developing and implementing a strategic plan for Federal investments in STEM education, but that more work must be done to solicit and take into account views and experience from stakeholders who help implement or are the beneficiaries of Federal STEM programs across the Nation. It is further the sense of Congress that science mission agencies such as the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration, and the Department of En-ergy are essential partners in contributing to the goals and implementation of a Federal STEM strategic plan because such agencies have unique scientific and technological fa-cilities as well as highly trained scientists who are eager and able to contribute to im-proved STEM learning outcomes in their own communities. 
SEC. 202. COORDINATION OF FEDERAL STEM 
EDUCATION. 
Section 101 of America COMPETES Reau-
thorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting before subparagraph (B), 
as so redesigned by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) have as its primary goal to leverage 
the limited STEM education funding and other assets, including intellectual capital, invested by Federal STEM agencies for max-imum benefit to student learning;’’; 
(2) by striking the second subsection (b); (3) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (f); 
(4) by inserting after subsection (b), the 
following new subsections: 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATOR FOR STEM E DUCATION .— 
The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall designate an asso-ciate director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy as the Coordinator for STEM Education. When an appropriate asso-ciate director is not available, the Director may designate another appropriate senior government official as the Coordinator for STEM Education. The Coordinator shall chair the committee established under sub-section (a). The Coordinator shall, with the assistance of appropriate senior officials from other Committee on STEM Education agencies, ensure that the requirements of this section are satisfied. 
‘‘(d) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .— 
‘‘(1) I NTERAGENCY CONSOLIDATION .—For all 
agency proposals to consolidate or transfer budgets or functions for STEM education 
programs or activities between agencies, at the time of submission of such proposals to Congress, the Director shall report to Con-gress on activities undertaken by the Office of Science and Technology Policy or by rel-evant agencies to take into consideration relevant input from the STEM Education Advisory Panel established under subsection (e) and other relevant education stake-holders. 
‘‘(2) I
NTRAAGENCY CONSOLIDATION .—For all 
agency proposals to internally consolidate or terminate STEM education programs with budgets exceeding $10,000,000, at the time of submission of such proposals to Congress, the head of the relevant agency shall report to Congress on activities to solicit and take into consideration input on such proposals from the STEM Education Advisory Panel established under subsection (e) and other relevant education stakeholders. 
‘‘(e) STEM E
DUCATION ADVISORY PANEL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall es-
tablish or designate a STEM Education Advi-sory Panel. The cochairs of the Advisory Panel shall meet the qualifications of Panel membership required in paragraph (2) and may be members of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Advisory Panel 
established or designated by the President under this subsection shall consist of mem-bers from academic institutions, industry, informal education providers, nonprofit STEM education organizations, foundations, and local and State educational agencies. Members of the Advisory Panel shall be qualified to provide advice on Federal STEM education programs, best practices in STEM education, assessment of STEM education programs, STEM education standards, indus-try needs for STEM graduates, and public- private STEM education partnerships. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Panel shall ad-
vise the President and the committee estab-lished under subsection (a) on implementing the Federal STEM education strategic plan required under subsection (b)(5) and coordi-nating Federal STEM programs with non-governmental STEM initiatives and State and local educational agencies. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—The Advisory Panel shall re-
port, not more than 1 year after enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, on options for evidence-based im-plementation of the Federal STEM strategic plan required under subsection (b)(5), includ-ing options for designating certain agencies as coordinating leads for different priority investment areas, timelines for implementa-tion, and specific management, budget, pol-icy, or other steps that agencies must take to effectively implement the strategic plan. 
‘‘(5) S
UNSET .—The authorization for the 
Advisory Panel established under this sub-section shall expire 3 years after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reau-thorization Act of 2015.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (f), as so redesignated by 
paragraph (3) of this section— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘progress made in imple-
menting’’ after ‘‘describing’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively. 
SEC. 203. GRAND CHALLENGES IN EDUCATION 
RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-
tional Science Foundation and the Secretary of Education shall collaborate in— 
(1) identifying, prioritizing, and developing 
strategies to address grand challenges in re-search and development, including assess-ment, on the teaching and learning of STEM at the pre-K–12 level, in formal and informal settings, for diverse learning populations, in-cluding individuals identified in section 33 or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3466 May 20, 2015 
34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Op-
portunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a or 1885b); and 
(2) ensuring the dissemination and pro-
moting the utilization of the results of such research and development. 
(b) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In identifying the 
grand challenges under subsection (a), the Director and the Secretary shall— 
(1) take into consideration critical re-
search gaps identified in existing reports, in-cluding reports by the National Academies, on the teaching and learning of STEM at the pre-K–12 level in formal and informal set-tings; and 
(2) solicit input from a wide range of stake-
holders, including officials from State edu-cational agencies and local educational agencies, STEM teachers, STEM education researchers, scientific and engineering soci-eties, STEM faculty at institutions of higher education, informal STEM education pro-viders, businesses with a large STEM work-
force, and other stakeholders in the teaching and learning of STEM at the pre-K–12 level, and may enter into an arrangement with the National Research Council for these pur-poses. 
(c) T
OPICS TOCONSIDER .—In identifying the 
grand challenges under subsection (a), the Director and the Secretary shall, at a min-imum, consider research and development on— 
(1) scalability, sustainability, and replica-
tion of successful STEM activities, pro-grams, and models, in formal and informal environments; 
(2) model systems that support improved 
teaching and learning of STEM across entire local educational agencies and States, in-cluding rural areas, and encompassing and integrating the teaching and learning of STEM in formal and informal venues; 
(3) implementation of new State mathe-
matics and science standards; 
(4) what makes a STEM teacher effective 
and STEM teacher professional development effective, including development of tools and methodologies to measure STEM teacher ef-fectiveness; 
(5) cyber-enabled and other technology 
tools for teaching and learning, including massive open online courses; 
(6) STEM teaching and learning in infor-
mal environments, including development of tools and methodologies for assessing STEM teaching and learning in informal environ-ments; and 
(7) how integrating engineering with math-
ematics and science education may— 
(A) improve student learning of mathe-
matics and science; 
(B) increase student interest and persist-
ence in STEM; or 
(C) improve student understanding of engi-
neering design principles and of the built world. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director and the Secretary shall re-port to Congress with a description of— 
(1) the grand challenges identified pursu-
ant to this section; 
(2) the role of each agency in supporting 
research and development activities to ad-dress the grand challenges; 
(3) the common metrics that will be used 
to assess progress toward meeting the grand challenges; 
(4) plans for periodically updating the 
grand challenges; 
(5) how the agencies will disseminate and 
promote the utilization of the results of re-search and development activities carried out under this section to STEM education practitioners, to other Federal agencies that support STEM programs and activities, and to non-Federal funders of STEM education; and (6) how the agencies will support imple-
mentation of best practices identified by the research and development activities. 
SEC. 204. NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL RE-
PORT ON STEAM EDUCATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Science, Technology, Engineering, 
and Mathematics (STEM) Talent Expansion Program set an important goal of increasing the number of students graduating with as-sociate or baccalaureate degrees in the STEM fields, and this should continue to be a focus of that program; 
(2) to further the goal of the STEM Talent 
Expansion Program, as well as STEM edu-cation promotion programs across the Fed-eral Government, innovative approaches are needed to enhance STEM education in the United States; 
(3) STEAM, which is the integration of arts 
and design, broadly defined, into Federal STEM programming, research, and innova-tion activities, is a method-validated ap-proach to maintaining the competitiveness of the United States in both workforce and innovation and to increasing and broadening students’ engagement in the STEM fields; 
(4) STEM graduates need more than tech-
nical skills to thrive in the 21st century workforce; they also need to be creative, in-novative, collaborative, and able to think critically; 
(5) STEAM should be recognized as pro-
viding value to STEM research and edu-cation programs across Federal agencies, 
without supplanting the focus on the tradi-tional STEM disciplines; 
(6) Federal agencies should work coopera-
tively on interdisciplinary initiatives to sup-port the integration of arts and design into STEM, and current interdisciplinary pro-grams should be strengthened; 
(7) Federal agencies should allow for 
STEAM activities under current and future grant-making and other activities; and 
(8) Federal agencies should clarify that, 
where appropriate, data collection, surveys, and reporting on STEM activities and grant- making should examine activities that in-volve cross-disciplinary learning that inte-grates specialized skills and expertise from both art and science. 
(b) N
ATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL WORK-
SHOP .—The National Science Foundation 
shall enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Research Council to conduct a work-shop on the integration of arts and design with STEM education. The workshop shall include a discussion of— 
(1) how the perspectives and experience of 
artists and designers may contribute to the advancement of science, engineering, and in-novation, for example through the develop-ment of visualization aids for large experi-mental and computational data sets; 
(2) how arts and design-based education ex-
periences might support formal and informal STEM education at the pre-K–12 level, par-ticularly in fostering creativity and risk taking, and encourage more students to pur-sue STEM studies, including students from groups historically underrepresented in STEM; 
(3) how the teaching of design principles 
can be better integrated into undergraduate engineering and other STEM curricula, in-cluding in the first two years of under-graduate studies, to enhance student capac-ity for creativity and innovation and im-prove student retention, including students from groups historically underrepresented in STEM; and 
(4) what additional steps, if any, Federal 
science agencies should take to promote the inclusion of arts and design principles in their respective STEM programs and activi-ties in order to improve student STEM learn-ing outcomes, increase the recruitment and 
retention of students into STEM studies and careers, and increase innovation in the United States. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Research Council shall submit a re-port to Congress providing a summary de-scription of the discussion and findings from the workshop required under subsection (b). 
SEC. 205. ENGAGING FEDERAL SCIENTISTS AND 
ENGINEERS IN STEM EDUCATION. 
The Director of the Office of Science and 
Technology Policy shall develop guidance for Federal agencies to increase opportunities and training, as appropriate, for Federal sci-entists and engineers to participate in STEM engagement activities through their respec-tive agencies and in their communities. 
Subtitle B—Broadening Participation in 
STEM 
SEC. 211. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘STEM 
Opportunities Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 212. PURPOSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Office 
of Science and Technology Policy, acting through the Federal science agencies, shall carry out programs and activities with the purpose of ensuring that Federal science agencies and institutions of higher education receiving Federal research and development funding are fully engaging their entire talent pool. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-
title are as follows: 
(1) To promote research on and increase 
understanding of the participation and tra-jectories of women and underrepresented mi-norities in STEM careers at institutions of higher education and Federal science agen-
cies, including Federal laboratories. 
(2) To raise awareness within Federal 
science agencies, including Federal labora-tories, and institutions of higher education about cultural and institutional barriers limiting the recruitment, retention, pro-motion, and other indicators of participation and achievement of women and underrep-resented minorities in academic and Govern-ment STEM research careers at all levels. 
(3) To identify, disseminate, and imple-
ment best practices at Federal science agen-cies, including Federal laboratories, and at institutions of higher education to remove or reduce cultural and institutional barriers limiting the recruitment, retention, and suc-cess of women and underrepresented minori-ties in academic and Government STEM re-search careers. 
(4) To provide grants to institutions of 
higher education to recruit, retain, and ad-vance STEM faculty members from under-represented minority groups and to imple-ment or expand reforms in undergraduate STEM education in order to increase the number of students from underrepresented minority groups receiving degrees in these fields. 
SEC. 213. FEDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY POLICIES 
FOR CAREGIVERS. 
(a) OSTP G UIDANCE .—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall provide guidance to Federal science agencies to establish policies that— 
(1) apply to all— (A) intramural and extramural research 
awards; and 
(B) primary investigators who have 
caregiving responsibilities, including care for a newborn or newly adopted child and care for an immediate family member who is sick or disabled; and 
(2) provide— (A) flexibility in timing for the initiation 
of approved research awards; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3467 May 20, 2015 
(B) no-cost extensions of research awards; 
(C) grant supplements as appropriate to re-
search awards for research technicians or equivalent to sustain research activities; and 
(D) any other appropriate accommodations 
at the discretion of the head of each agency. 
(b) U
NIFORMITY OF GUIDANCE .—In providing 
such guidance, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall encour-age uniformity and consistency in the poli-cies across all agencies. 
(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF POLICIES .—Con-
sistent with the guidance provided under this section, Federal science agencies shall maintain or develop and implement policies for caregivers and shall broadly disseminate such policies to current and potential grant-ees. 
(d) D
ATA ON USAGE .—Federal science agen-
cies shall— 
(1) collect data on the usage of the policies 
under subsection (c), by gender, at both in-stitutions of higher education and Federal laboratories; and 
(2) report such data on an annual basis to 
the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy in such form as required by the Director. 
SEC. 214. COLLECTION AND REPORTING OF DATA 
ON FEDERAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each Federal science 
agency shall collect standardized record- level annual information on demographics, primary field, award type, budget request, funding outcome, and awarded budget for all applications for merit-reviewed research and development grants to institutions of higher education and Federal laboratories sup-ported by that agency. 
(2) U
NIFORMITY AND STANDARDIZATION .—The 
Director of the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy shall establish a policy to en-sure uniformity and standardization of the data collection required under paragraph (1). 
(3) R
ECORD -LEVEL DATA .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT .—On an annual basis, be-
ginning with the deadline under subpara-graph (C), each Federal science agency shall submit to the Director of the National Science Foundation record-level data col-lected under paragraph (1) in the form re-quired by such Director. 
(B) P
REVIOUS DATA .—As part of the first 
submission under subparagraph (A), each Federal science agency, to the extent prac-ticable, shall also submit comparable record- level data for the 5 years preceding the dead-line under subparagraph (C). 
(C) D
EADLINE .—The deadline under this 
paragraph is 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORTING OF DATA.—The Director of 
the National Science Foundation shall pub-lish statistical summary data collected under this section, disaggregated and cross- tabulated by race, ethnicity, gender, age, and years since completion of doctoral de-
gree, including in conjunction with the Na-tional Science Foundation’s report required by section 37 of the Science and Technology Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885d; Public Law 96–516). 
SEC. 215. POLICIES FOR REVIEW OF FEDERAL RE-
SEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Office 
of Science and Technology Policy, in col-laboration with the Director of the National Science Foundation, shall identify informa-tion and best practices useful for educating program officers and members of standing peer review committees at Federal science agencies about— 
(1) research on implicit bias based on gen-
der, race, or ethnicity; and 
(2) methods to minimize the effect of such 
bias in the review of extramural and intra-mural Federal research grants. (b) G
UIDANCE TO ALLFEDERAL SCIENCE  
AGENCIES .—The Director of the Office of 
Science and Technology Policy shall dis-seminate the information and best practices identified in subsection (a) to all Federal science agencies and provide guidance as necessary on policies to implement such practices within each agency. 
(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF POLICIES .—Con-
sistent with the guidance provided in sub-section (b), Federal science agencies shall maintain or develop and implement policies and practices to minimize the effects of im-plicit bias in the review of extramural and intramural Federal research grants. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall report to Congress on what steps all Federal science agencies have taken to implement policies and prac-tices to minimize the effects of bias in the review of extramural and intramural Federal research grants. 
SEC. 216. COLLECTION OF DATA ON DEMO-
GRAPHICS OF FACULTY. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and at least every 5 years thereafter, the Direc-tor of the National Science Foundation shall carry out a survey to collect institution- level data on the demographics of STEM fac-ulty, by broad fields of STEM, at different types of institutions of higher education. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—To the extent prac-
ticable, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall consider, by gender, race, ethnicity, citizenship status, age, and years since completion of doctoral degree— 
(A) the number and percentage of faculty; (B) the number and percentage of faculty 
at each rank; 
(C) the number and percentage of faculty 
who are in nontenure-track positions, in-cluding teaching and research; 
(D) the number and percentage of faculty 
who are reviewed for promotion, including tenure, and the percentage of that number who are promoted, including being awarded tenure; 
(E) faculty years in rank; (F) the number and percentage of faculty 
to leave tenure-track positions; 
(G) the number and percentage of faculty 
hired, by rank; and 
(H) the number and percentage of faculty 
in leadership positions. 
(b) E
XISTING SURVEYS .—The Director of the 
National Science Foundation— 
(1) may carry out the requirements under 
subsection (a) by collaborating with statis-tical centers at other Federal agencies to modify or expand, as necessary, existing Fed-eral surveys of higher education; or 
(2) may award a grant or contract to an in-
stitution of higher education or other non-profit organization to design and carry out the requirements under subsection (a). 
(c) R
EPORTING DATA.—The Director of the 
National Science Foundation shall publish statistical summary data collected under this section, including as part of the Na-tional Science Foundation’s report required by section 37 of the Science and Technology Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885d; Public Law 96–516). 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Founda-tion $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018 to develop and carry out the 
initial survey required in subsection (a). 
SEC. 217. CULTURAL AND INSTITUTIONAL BAR-
RIERS TO EXPANDING THE ACA-DEMIC AND FEDERAL STEM WORK-FORCE. 
(a) B EST PRACTICES AT INSTITUTIONS OF  
HIGHER EDUCATION .— (1) D EVELOPMENT OF GUIDANCE .—Not later 
than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall develop written guidance for institutions of higher education on the best practices for— 
(A) conducting periodic campus culture 
surveys of STEM departments, with a par-ticular focus on identifying any cultural or institutional barriers to or successful enablers for the recruitment, retention, pro-motion, and other indicators of participation and achievement, of women and underrep-resented minorities in STEM degree pro-grams and academic STEM careers; and 
(B) providing educational opportunities, 
including workshops as described in sub-section (c), for STEM faculty and adminis-trators to learn about current research on implicit bias in recruitment, evaluation, and promotion of faculty in STEM and recruit-ment and evaluation of undergraduate and graduate students in STEM degree programs. 
(2) E
XISTING GUIDANCE .—In developing the 
guidance in paragraph (1), the Director of the National Science Foundation shall utilize guidance already developed by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Education. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION OF GUIDANCE .—The Di-
rector of the National Science Foundation shall broadly disseminate the guidance de-veloped in paragraph (1) to institutions of higher education that receive Federal re-search funding. 
(4) R
EPORTS TO THE NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUN -
DATION .—The Director of the National 
Science Foundation shall develop a policy 
that— 
(A) applies to, at a minimum, the institu-
tions classified under the Indiana University Center for Postsecondary Research Carnegie Classification on January 1, 2015, as a doc-torate-granting university with a very high level of research activity; and 
(B) requires each institution identified in 
subparagraph (A), not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, to report to the Director of the National Science Foundation on activities and poli-cies developed and implemented based on the guidance provided in paragraph (1). 
(b) B
ESTPRACTICES AT FEDERAL LABORA -
TORIES .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT OF GUIDANCE .—Not later 
than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall develop written guidance for Federal laboratories to develop and implement practices and policies to— 
(A) conduct periodic laboratorywide cul-
ture surveys of research personnel at all lev-els, with a particular focus on identifying any cultural or institutional barriers to the recruitment, retention, and success of women and underrepresented minorities in STEM careers at Federal laboratories; and 
(B) provide educational opportunities, in-
cluding workshops as described in subsection (c), for STEM research personnel to learn about current research in implicit bias in re-cruitment, evaluation, and promotion of re-search personnel at Federal laboratories. 
(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF POLICIES .—Con-
sistent with the guidance provided in para-graph (1), Federal science agencies with Fed-eral laboratories shall maintain or develop and implement policies for their respective Federal laboratories. 
(c) W
ORKSHOPS TOADDRESS CULTURAL BAR-
RIERS TOEXPANDING THE ACADEMIC AND FED-
ERAL STEM W ORKFORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall recommend a uniform policy for Fed-eral science agencies to carry out a program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3468 May 20, 2015 
of workshops that educate STEM depart-
ment chairs at institutions of higher edu-cation, senior managers at Federal labora-tories, and other federally funded research-ers about methods that minimize the effects of implicit bias in the career advancement, including hiring, tenure, promotion, and se-lection for any honor based in part on the re-cipient’s research record, of academic and Federal STEM researchers. 
(2) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—The Direc-
tor of the National Science Foundation shall ensure that workshops supported under this subsection are coordinated across Federal science agencies and jointly supported as ap-propriate. 
(3) M
INIMIZING COSTS .—To the extent prac-
ticable, workshops shall be held in conjunc-tion with national or regional STEM dis-ciplinary meetings to minimize costs associ-ated with participant travel. 
(4) P
RIORITY FIELDS FOR ACADEMIC PARTICI -
PANTS .—In considering the participation of 
STEM department chairs and other aca-demic researchers, the Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation shall prioritize workshops for the broad fields of STEM in which the national rate of representation of women among tenured or tenure-track fac-ulty or non-faculty researchers at doctorate- granting institutions of higher education is less than 25 percent, according to the most recent data available from the National Cen-ter for Science and Engineering Statistics. 
(5) O
RGANIZATIONS ELIGIBLE TO CARRY OUT  
WORKSHOPS .—Federal science agencies may 
carry out the program of workshops under this subsection by making grants to eligible organizations. In addition to any other orga-nizations made eligible by the Federal science agencies, the following organizations are eligible for grants under this subsection: 
(A) Nonprofit scientific and professional 
societies and organizations that represent one or more STEM disciplines. 
(B) Nonprofit organizations that have the 
primary mission of advancing the participa-tion of women or underrepresented minori-ties in STEM. 
(6) C
HARACTERISTICS OF WORKSHOPS .—The 
workshops shall have the following charac-teristics: 
(A) Invitees to workshops shall include at 
least— 
(i) the chairs of departments in the rel-
evant STEM discipline or disciplines from at least the top 50 institutions of higher edu-cation, as determined by the amount of Fed-eral research and development funds obli-gated to each institution of higher education in the prior year based on data available from the National Science Foundation; and 
(ii) in the case of Federal laboratories, in-
dividuals with personnel management re-sponsibilities comparable to those of an in-stitution of higher education department chair. 
(B) Activities at the workshops shall in-
clude research presentations and interactive discussions or other activities that increase the awareness of the existence of implicit bias in recruitment, hiring, tenure review, promotion, and other forms of formal rec-ognition of individual achievement for fac-ulty and other federally funded STEM re-searchers and shall provide strategies to overcome such bias. 
(C) Research presentations and other work-
shop programs, as appropriate, shall include a discussion of the unique challenges faced by underrepresented subgroups, including minority women, minority men, and first generation minority graduates in research. 
(D) Workshop programs shall include infor-
mation on best practices for mentoring un-dergraduate and graduate women and under-represented minority students. (7) D
ATA ON WORKSHOPS .—Any proposal for 
funding by an organization seeking to carry out a workshop under this subsection shall include a description of how such organiza-tion will— 
(A) collect data on the rates of attendance 
by invitees in workshops, including informa-tion on the home institution and department of attendees, and the rank of faculty attendees; 
(B) conduct attitudinal surveys on work-
shop attendees before and after the work-shops; and 
(C) collect follow-up data on any relevant 
institutional policy or practice changes re-ported by attendees not later than 1 year after attendance in such a workshop. 
(8) R
EPORT TO NSF .—Organizations receiv-
ing funding to carry out workshops under this subsection shall report the data required in paragraph (7) to the Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation in such form as required by such Director. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 4 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit a report to Con-gress that includes— 
(1) a summary and analysis of the types 
and frequency of activities and policies de-veloped and carried out under subsection (a) based on the reports submitted under para-graph (4) of such subsection; and 
(2) a description and evaluation of the sta-
tus and effectiveness of the program of work-shops required under subsection (c), includ-ing a summary of any data reported under paragraph (8) of such subsection. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Director of the National Science Founda-tion $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 218. RESEARCH AND DISSEMINATION AT 
THE NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-
tional Science Foundation shall award re-search grants and carry out dissemination activities consistent with the purposes of this subtitle, including— 
(1) research grants to analyze the record- 
level data collected under section 214 and section 216, consistent with policies to en-sure the privacy of individuals identifiable by such data; 
(2) research grants to study best practices 
for work-life accommodation; 
(3) research grants to study the impact of 
policies and practices that are implemented under this subtitle or that are otherwise con-sistent with the purposes of this subtitle; 
(4) collaboration with other Federal 
science agencies and professional associa-tions to exchange best practices, harmonize work-life accommodation policies and prac-tices, and overcome common barriers to work-life accommodation; and 
(5) collaboration with institutions of high-
er education in order to clarify and catalyze the adoption of a coherent and consistent set of work-life accommodation policies and practices. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Founda-tion $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 219. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 4 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Director of the Of-fice of Science and Technology Policy shall submit a report to Congress that includes— 
(1) a description and evaluation of the sta-
tus and usage of caregiver policies at all Federal science agencies, including any rec-ommendations for revising or expanding such policies; (2) a description of any significant updates 
to the policies for review of Federal research grants required under section 215, and any evidence of the impact of such policies on the review or awarding of Federal research grants; and 
(3) a description and evaluation of the sta-
tus of Federal laboratory policies and prac-tices required under section 217(b), including any recommendations for revising or expand-ing such policies. 
SEC. 220. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION SUP-
PORT FOR INCREASING DIVERSITY AMONG STEM FACULTY AT INSTITU-TIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
(a) G RANTS .—The Director of the National 
Science Foundation shall award grants to in-stitutions of higher education (or consortia thereof) for the development of innovative reform efforts designed to increase the re-cruitment, retention, and advancement of in-dividuals from underrepresented minority groups in academic STEM careers. 
(b) M
ERIT REVIEW ; COMPETITION .—Grants 
shall be awarded under this section on a merit-reviewed, competitive basis. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Activities supported by 
grants under this section may include— 
(1) institutional assessment activities, 
such as data analyses and policy review, in order to identify and address specific issues in the recruitment, retention, and advance-ment of faculty members from underrep-resented minority groups; 
(2) implementation of institution-wide im-
provements in workload distribution, such that faculty members from underrepresented minority groups are not disadvantaged in the amount of time available to focus on re-search, publishing papers, and engaging in other activities required to achieve tenure status and run a productive research pro-gram; 
(3) development and implementation of 
training courses for administrators and search committee members to ensure that candidates from underrepresented minority groups are not subject to implicit biases in the search and hiring process; 
(4) development and hosting of intra- or 
inter-institutional workshops to propagate best practices in recruiting, retaining, and advancing faculty members from underrep-resented minority groups; 
(5) professional development opportunities 
for faculty members from underrepresented minority groups; 
(6) activities aimed at making under-
graduate STEM students from underrep-resented minority groups aware of opportu-nities for academic careers in STEM fields; 
(7) activities to identify and engage excep-
tional graduate students from underrep-resented minority groups at various stages of their studies and to encourage them to enter academic careers; and 
(8) other activities consistent with sub-
section (a), as determined by the Director of the National Science Foundation. 
(d) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
(1) A PPLICATION .—An institution of higher 
education (or consortia thereof) seeking funding under this section shall submit an application to the Director of the National Science Foundation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as such Director may require. The application shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
(A) the reform effort that is being proposed 
for implementation by the institution of higher education; 
(B) any available evidence of specific dif-
ficulties in the recruitment, retention, and advancement of faculty members from underrepresented minority groups in STEM academic careers within the institution of higher education submitting an application, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3469 May 20, 2015 
and how the proposed reform effort would ad-
dress such issues; 
(C) how the institution of higher education 
submitting an application plans to sustain the proposed reform effort beyond the dura-tion of the grant; and 
(D) how the success and effectiveness of 
the proposed reform effort will be evaluated and assessed in order to contribute to the na-tional knowledge base about models for cata-lyzing institutional change. 
(2) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .—In selecting 
grant recipients under this section, the Di-rector of the National Science Foundation shall consider, at a minimum— 
(A) the likelihood of success in under-
taking the proposed reform effort at the in-stitution of higher education submitting the application, including the extent to which the administrators of the institution are committed to making the proposed reform effort a priority; 
(B) the degree to which the proposed re-
form effort will contribute to change in in-stitutional culture and policy such that greater value is placed on the recruitment, retention, and advancement of faculty mem-bers from underrepresented minority groups; 
(C) the likelihood that the institution of 
higher education will sustain or expand the proposed reform effort beyond the period of the grant; and 
(D) the degree to which evaluation and as-
sessment plans are included in the design of the proposed reform effort. 
(3) G
RANT DISTRIBUTION .—The Director of 
the National Science Foundation shall en-sure, to the extent practicable, that grants awarded under this section are made to a va-riety of types of institutions of higher edu-cation. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Founda-tion $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 221. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION SUP-
PORT FOR BROADENING PARTICIPA-TION IN UNDERGRADUATE STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) G RANTS .—The Director of the National 
Science Foundation shall award grants to in-stitutions of higher education (or consortia thereof) to implement or expand research- based reforms in undergraduate STEM edu-cation for the purpose of recruiting and re-taining students from minority groups who 
are underrepresented in STEM fields, with a priority focus on natural science and engi-neering fields. 
(b) M
ERIT REVIEW ; COMPETITION .—Grants 
shall be awarded under this section on a merit-reviewed, competitive basis. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Activities supported by 
grants under this section may include— 
(1) implementation or expansion of innova-
tive, research-based approaches to broaden participation of underrepresented minority groups in STEM fields; 
(2) implementation or expansion of bridge, 
cohort, tutoring, or mentoring programs de-signed to enhance the recruitment and reten-tion of students from underrepresented mi-nority groups in STEM fields; 
(3) implementation or expansion of out-
reach programs linking institutions of high-er education and K–12 school systems in order to heighten awareness among pre-col-lege students from underrepresented minor-ity groups of opportunities in college-level STEM fields and STEM careers; 
(4) implementation or expansion of faculty 
development programs focused on improving retention of undergraduate STEM students from underrepresented minority groups; 
(5) implementation or expansion of mecha-
nisms designed to recognize and reward fac-ulty members who demonstrate a commit-ment to increasing the participation of stu-
dents from underrepresented minority groups in STEM fields; 
(6) expansion of successful reforms aimed 
at increasing the number of STEM students from underrepresented minority groups be-yond a single course or group of courses to achieve reform within an entire academic unit, or expansion of successful reform ef-forts beyond a single academic unit to other STEM academic units within an institution of higher education; 
(7) expansion of opportunities for students 
from underrepresented minority groups to conduct STEM research in industry, at Fed-eral laboratories, and at international re-search institutions or research sites; 
(8) provision of stipends for students from 
underrepresented minority groups partici-pating in research; 
(9) development of research collaborations 
between research-intensive universities and primarily undergraduate minority-serving institutions; 
(10) support for graduate students and 
postdoctoral fellows from underrepresented minority groups to participate in instruc-tional or assessment activities at primarily undergraduate institutions, including pri-marily undergraduate minority-serving in-stitutions and two-year institutions of high-er education; and 
(11) other activities consistent with sub-
section (a), as determined by the Director of the National Science Foundation. 
(d) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
(1) A PPLICATION .—An institution of higher 
education (or consortium thereof) seeking a grant under this section shall submit an ap-plication to the Director of the National Science Foundation at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as such Director may require. The application shall include, at a min-imum— 
(A) a description of the proposed reform ef-
fort; 
(B) a description of the research findings 
that will serve as the basis for the proposed reform effort or, in the case of applications that propose an expansion of a previously implemented reform, a description of the previously implemented reform effort, in-cluding data about the recruitment, reten-tion, and academic achievement of students from underrepresented minority groups; 
(C) evidence of an institutional commit-
ment to, and support for, the proposed re-form effort, including a long-term commit-ment to implement successful strategies from the current reform beyond the aca-demic unit or units included in the grant proposal; 
(D) a description of existing or planned in-
stitutional policies and practices regarding faculty hiring, promotion, tenure, and teach-ing assignment that reward faculty contribu-tions to improving the education of students from underrepresented minority groups in STEM; and 
(E) how the success and effectiveness of the 
proposed reform effort will be evaluated and assessed in order to contribute to the na-tional knowledge base about models for cata-lyzing institutional change. 
(2) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .—In selecting 
grant recipients under this section, the Di-rector of the National Science Foundation shall consider, at a minimum— 
(A) the likelihood of success of the pro-
posed reform effort at the institution sub-mitting the application, including the extent to which the faculty, staff, and administra-tors of the institution are committed to making the proposed institutional reform a priority of the participating academic unit or units; (B) the degree to which the proposed re-
form effort will contribute to change in in-stitutional culture and policy such that greater value is placed on faculty engage-ment in the retention of students from underrepresented minority groups; 
(C) the likelihood that the institution will 
sustain or expand the proposed reform effort beyond the period of the grant; and 
(D) the degree to which evaluation and as-
sessment plans are included in the design of the proposed reform effort. 
(3) P
RIORITY .—For applications that in-
clude an expansion of existing reforms be-yond a single academic unit, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall give priority to applications for which a senior institutional administrator, such as a dean or other administrator of equal or higher rank, serves as the principal investigator. 
(4) G
RANT DISTRIBUTION .—The Director of 
the National Science Foundation shall en-sure, to the extent practicable, that grants awarded under this section are made to a va-riety of types of institutions of higher edu-cation, including two-year and minority- serving institutions of higher education. 
(e) E
DUCATION RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—All grants made under 
this section shall include an education re-search component that will support the de-sign and implementation of a system for data collection and evaluation of proposed reform efforts in order to build the knowl-edge base on promising models for increasing recruitment and retention of students from underrepresented minority groups in STEM education at the undergraduate level across a diverse set of institutions. 
(2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Director of the 
National Science Foundation shall coordi-nate with relevant Federal agencies in dis-seminating the results of the research under this subsection to ensure that best practices in broadening participation in STEM edu-cation at the undergraduate level are made readily available to all institutions of higher education, other Federal agencies that sup-port STEM programs, non-Federal funders of STEM education, and the general public. 
(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Director of the National Science Founda-tion $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 222. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) T HISSUBTITLE .—In this subtitle: 
(1) F EDERAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Fed-
eral laboratory’’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703). 
(2) F
EDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘Federal science agency’’ means any Federal agency with at least $100,000,000 in research and development expenditures in fiscal year 2014. 
(3) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(4) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ means 
science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including other academic subjects that build on these disciplines such as com-puter science. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AUTHOR -
IZATION ACT OF 2002.—Section 4 of the Na-
tional Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n note) is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (16) as para-
graph (17); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3470 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(16) STEM.—The term ‘STEM’ means 
science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including other academic subjects 
that build on these disciplines such as com-puter science.’’. 
TITLE III—NATIONAL SCIENCE 
FOUNDATION 
Subtitle A—General Provisions 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Foundation $7,723,550,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized under paragraph (1)— 
(A) $6,186,300,000 shall be made available for 
research and related activities; 
(B) $962,570,000 shall be made available for 
education and human resources; 
(C) $200,310,000 shall be made available for 
major research equipment and facilities con-struction; 
(D) $354,840,000 shall be made available for 
agency operations and award management; 
(E) $4,370,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of the National Science Board, in-cluding salaries and compensation for mem-bers of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and train-ing costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
(F) $15,160,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of Inspector General. 
(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2017.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Foundation $8,099,010,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized under paragraph (1)— 
(A) $6,495,620,000 shall be made available for 
research and related activities; 
(B) $1,010,700,000 shall be made available for 
education and human resources; 
(C) $200,000,000 shall be made available for 
major research equipment and facilities con-struction; 
(D) $372,580,000 shall be made available for 
agency operations and award management; 
(E) $4,500,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of the National Science Board, in-cluding salaries and compensation for mem-bers of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and train-ing costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
(F) $15,610,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of Inspector General. 
(c) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Foundation $8,493,560,000 for fiscal year 2018. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized under paragraph (1)— 
(A) $6,820,400,000 shall be made available for 
research and related activities; 
(B) $1,061,230,000 shall be made available for 
education and human resources; 
(C) $200,000,000 shall be made available for 
major research equipment and facilities con-struction; 
(D) $391,210,000 shall be made available for 
agency operations and award management; 
(E) $4,640,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of the National Science Board, in-cluding salaries and compensation for mem-bers of the Board and staff appointed under 
section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and train-ing costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
(F) $16,080,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of Inspector General. 
(d) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Foundation $8,907,820,000 for fiscal year 2019. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized under paragraph (1)— 
(A) $7,161,420,000 shall be made available for 
research and related activities; 
(B) $1,114,300,000 shall be made available for 
education and human resources; 
(C) $200,000,000 shall be made available for 
major research equipment and facilities con-struction; 
(D) $410,770,000 shall be made available for 
agency operations and award management; 
(E) $4,780,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of the National Science Board, in-cluding salaries and compensation for mem-bers of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and train-ing costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
(F) $16,570,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of Inspector General. 
(e) F
ISCAL YEAR2020.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Foundation $9,342,790,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized under paragraph (1)— 
(A) $7,519,490,000 shall be made available for 
research and related activities; 
(B) $1,170,010,000 shall be made available for 
education and human resources; 
(C) $200,000,000 shall be made available for 
major research equipment and facilities con-struction; 
(D) $431,310,000 shall be made available for 
agency operations and award management; 
(E) $4,920,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of the National Science Board, in-cluding salaries and compensation for mem-bers of the Board and staff appointed under section 4 of the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 (42 U.S.C. 1863), travel and train-ing costs for members of the Board and such staff, general and Board operating expenses, representational expenses for the Board, honorary awards made by the Board, Board reports (other than the report entitled ‘‘Science and Engineering Indicators’’), and contracts; and 
(F) $17,060,000 shall be made available for 
the Office of Inspector General. 
SEC. 302. FINDINGS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS ON 
SUPPORT FOR ALL FIELDS OF SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the 
Foundation’s investments in social, behav-ioral, and economic research have addressed challenges, including— 
(1) in medicine, matching organ donors to 
patients, leading to a dramatic growth in paired kidney transplants; 
(2) in policing, implementing predictive 
models that help to yield significant reduc-tions in crime; 
(3) in resource allocation, developing the 
theories underlying the Federal Communica-tions Commission spectrum auction, which 
has generated over $60,000,000,000 in revenue; 
(4) in disaster preparation and recovery, 
identifying barriers to effective disaster evacuation strategies; 
(5) in national defense, assisting United 
States troops in cross-cultural communica-tion and in identifying threats; and 
(6) in areas such as economics, education, 
cybersecurity, transportation, and national defense, supporting informed decisionmaking in foreign and domestic policy. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that in order to achieve its mission ‘‘to promote the progress of science; to ad-vance the national health, prosperity, and welfare; to secure the national defense’’ the Foundation must continue to support unfet-tered, competitive, merit-reviewed basic re-search across all fields of science and engi-neering, including the social, behavioral, and economic sciences. 
SEC. 303. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION 
MERIT REVIEW. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Foundation’s Intellectual Merit and 
Broader Impacts criteria remain appropriate for evaluating grant proposals, as concluded by the 2011 National Science Board Task Force on Merit Review; 
(2) evaluating proposals on the basis of the 
Foundation’s Intellectual Merit and Broader Impacts criteria ensures that— 
(A) proposals funded by the Foundation are 
of high quality and advance scientific knowl-edge; and 
(B) the Foundation’s overall funding port-
folio addresses societal needs through re-search findings or through related activities; and 
(3) as evidenced by the Foundation’s con-
tributions to scientific advancement, eco-nomic development, human health, and na-tional security, its peer review and merit re-view processes have successfully identified and funded scientifically and societally rel-evant research, remain the gold standard for the world, and must be preserved. 
(b) C
RITERIA .—The Foundation shall main-
tain the Intellectual Merit and Broader Im-pacts criteria as the basis for evaluating grant proposals in the merit review process. 
SEC. 304. MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT OF 
LARGE FACILITIES. 
(a) L ARGE FACILITIES OFFICE .—The Direc-
tor shall maintain a Large Facilities Office within the Foundation. The functions of the Large Facilities Office shall be to support the research directorates in the development and implementation of major research facili-ties, including by— 
(1) serving as the Foundation’s primary re-
source for all policy or process issues related to the development and implementation of major research facilities; 
(2) serving as a Foundation-wide resource 
on project management, including providing expert assistance on nonscientific and non-technical aspects of project planning, budg-eting, implementation, management, and oversight; and 
(3) coordinating and collaborating with re-
search directorates to share best manage-ment practices and lessons learned from prior projects. 
(b) O
VERSIGHT OF LARGE FACILITIES .—The 
Director shall appoint a senior agency offi-cial within the Office of the Director whose primary responsibility is oversight of major research facilities. The duties of this official shall include— 
(1) oversight of the development, construc-
tion, and operation of major research facili-ties across the Foundation; 
(2) in collaboration with the directors of 
the research directorates and other senior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3471 May 20, 2015 
agency officials as appropriate, ensuring 
that the requirements of section 14(a) of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 are satisfied; 
(3) serving as a liaison to the National 
Science Board for approval and oversight of major research facilities; and 
(4) periodically reviewing and updating as 
necessary Foundation policies and guidelines for the development and construction of major research facilities. 
(c) P
OLICIES FOR COSTING LARGE FACILI -
TIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall ensure 
that the Foundation’s policies for developing and managing major research facility con-struction costs are consistent with the best practices described in the March 2009 General Accountability Office Report GAO–09–3SP. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress a report describing the Foundation’s policies for de-veloping and managing major research facil-ity construction costs, including a descrip-tion of any aspects of the policies that di-verge from the best practices recommended in General Accountability Office Report GAO–09–3SP. 
SEC. 305. SUPPORT FOR POTENTIALLY TRANS-
FORMATIVE RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall estab-
lish and periodically update grant solicita-tion, merit review, and funding policies and mechanisms designed to identify and provide support for high-risk, high-reward basic re-search proposals. 
(b) P
OLICIES AND MECHANISMS .—Such poli-
cies and mechanisms may include— 
(1) development of solicitations specifi-
cally for high-risk, high-reward basic re-search; 
(2) establishment of review panels for the 
primary purpose of selecting high-risk, high- reward proposals; 
(3) development of guidance to standard re-
view panels to encourage the identification and consideration of high-risk, high-reward proposals; and 
(4) support for workshops and other con-
ferences with the primary purpose of identi-fying new opportunities for high-risk, high- reward basic research, especially at inter-disciplinary interfaces. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘high-risk, high-reward basic research’’ means research driven by ideas that have the potential to radically change our understanding of an important existing scientific or engineering concept, or leading to the creation of a new paradigm or field of science or engineering, and that is character-ized by its challenge to current under-standing or its pathway to new frontiers. 
SEC. 306. STRENGTHENING INSTITUTIONAL RE-
SEARCH PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For any Foundation re-
search grant, in an amount greater than $5,000,000, to be carried out through a part-nership that includes one or more minority- serving institutions or predominantly under-graduate institutions and one or more insti-tutions described in subsection (b), the Di-rector shall award funds directly, according to the budget justification described in the grant proposal, to at least two of the institu-tions of higher education in the partnership, including at least one minority-serving in-stitution or one predominantly under-graduate institution, to ensure a strong and equitable partnership. 
(b) I
NSTITUTIONS .—The institutions re-
ferred to in subsection (a) are institutions of higher education that are among the 100 in-stitutions receiving, over the 3-year period immediately preceding the awarding of grants, the highest amount of research fund-ing from the Foundation. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall provide a report to Congress on in-stitutional research partnerships identified in subsection (a) funded in the 2 previous fis-cal years and make any recommendations for how such partnerships can continue to be strengthened. 
SEC. 307. INNOVATION CORPS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the National Science Foundation’s In-
novation Corps (I-Corps) was established to foster a national innovation ecosystem by encouraging institutions, scientists, engi-neers, and entrepreneurs to identify and ex-plore the innovation and commercial poten-tial of Foundation-funded research well be-yond the laboratory; 
(2) the Foundation’s I-Corps includes in-
vestments in entrepreneurship and commer-cialization education, training, and men-toring, ultimately leading to the practical deployment of technologies, products, proc-esses, and services that improve the Nation’s competitiveness, promote economic growth, and benefit society; and 
(3) by building networks of entrepreneurs, 
educators, mentors, institutions, and col-laborations, and supporting specialized edu-cation and training, I-Corps is at the leading edge of a strong, lasting foundation for an American innovation ecosystem. 
(b) P
ROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry 
out a program to award grants for entrepre-neurship and commercialization education to Foundation-funded researchers to increase the economic and social impact of federally funded research. 
(2) P
URPOSES .—The purpose of the program 
shall be to increase the capacity of STEM re-searchers and students to successfully en-gage in entrepreneurial activities and to help transition the results of federally fund-ed research into the marketplace by— 
(A) identifying STEM research that can 
lead to the practical deployment of tech-nologies, products, processes, and services that improve the Nation’s economic com-petitiveness; 
(B) bringing STEM researchers and stu-
dents together with entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, and other industry representa-tives experienced in commercialization of new technologies; 
(C) supporting entrepreneurship and com-
mercialization education and training for faculty, students, postdoctoral fellows, and other STEM researchers; and 
(D) promoting the development of regional 
and national networks of entrepreneurs, ven-ture capitalists, and other industry rep-resentatives who can serve as mentors to re-searchers and students at Foundation-funded institutions across the country. 
(3) A
DDITIONAL USE OF FUNDS .—Grants 
awarded under this subsection may be used to help support— 
(A) prototype and proof-of-concept devel-
opment for the funded project; and 
(B) additional activities needed to build a 
national infrastructure for STEM entrepre-neurship. 
(4) O
THER FEDERAL AGENCIES .—The Direc-
tor may establish agreements with other Federal agencies that fund scientific re-search to make researchers funded by those agencies eligible to participate in the Foun-dation’s Innovation Corps program. 
SEC. 308. DEFINITIONS. 
For purposes of this title: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Foundation. 
(2) F OUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ 
means the National Science Foundation. 
(3) I NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 
101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(4) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ means 
science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including other academic subjects that build on these disciplines such as com-puter science. 
Subtitle B—STEM Education 
SEC. 321. NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD REPORT ON 
CONSOLIDATION OF STEM EDU-CATION ACTIVITIES AT THE FOUN-DATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Science 
Board shall review and evaluate the appro-priateness of the Foundation’s portfolio of STEM education programs and activities at the pre-K–12 and undergraduate levels, in-cluding informal education, taking into ac-count the mission of the Foundation and the 
2013 Federal STEM Education 5-Year Stra-tegic Plan. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Na-tional Science Board shall submit to Con-gress a report summarizing their findings and including— 
(1) an analysis of how well the Founda-
tion’s portfolio of STEM education programs is contributing to the mission of the Founda-tion; 
(2) an analysis of how well STEM edu-
cation programs and activities are coordi-nated and best practices are shared across the Foundation; 
(3) an analysis of how well the Founda-
tion’s portfolio of STEM education programs is aligned with and contributes to priority STEM education investment areas described in the 2013 Federal STEM Education 5-Year Strategic Plan; 
(4) any Board recommendations regarding 
internal reorganization, including consolida-tion, of the Foundation’s STEM education programs and activities, taking into account both the mission of the Foundation and the 2013 Federal STEM Education 5-Year Stra-tegic Plan; 
(5) any Board recommendations regarding 
the Foundation’s role in helping to imple-ment the Federal STEM Education 5-Year Strategic Plan, including opportunities for the Foundation to more effectively partner and collaborate with other Federal agencies; and 
(6) any additional Board recommendations 
regarding specific management, policy, budget, or other steps the Foundation should take to increase effectiveness and account-ability across its portfolio of STEM edu-cation programs and activities. 
SEC. 322. MODELS FOR GRADUATE STUDENT SUP-
PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall enter 
into an agreement with the National Re-search Council to convene a workshop or roundtable to examine models of Federal support for STEM graduate students, includ-ing the Foundation’s Graduate Research Fel-lowship program and comparable fellowship programs at other agencies, traineeship pro-grams, and the research assistant model. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the workshop 
or roundtable shall be to compare and evalu-ate the extent to which each of these models helps to prepare graduate students for di-verse careers utilizing STEM degrees, includ-ing at diverse types of institutions of higher education, in industry, and at government agencies and research laboratories, and to make recommendations regarding— 
(1) how current Federal programs and mod-
els, including programs and models at the Foundation, can be improved; 
(2) the appropriateness of the current dis-
tribution of funding among the different models at the Foundation and across the agencies; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3472 May 20, 2015 
(3) the appropriateness of creating a new 
education and training program for graduate students distinct from programs that provide direct financial support, including the grants authorized in section 527 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p–15). 
(c) C
RITERIA .—At a minimum, in com-
paring programs and models, the workshop or roundtable participants shall consider the capacity of such programs or models to pro-vide students with knowledge and skills— 
(1) to become independent, creative, suc-
cessful researchers; 
(2) to participate in large interdisciplinary 
research projects, including in an inter-national context; 
(3) to adhere to the highest standards for 
research ethics; 
(4) to become high-quality teachers uti-
lizing the most currently available evidence- based pedagogy; 
(5) in oral and written communication, to 
both technical and nontechnical audiences; 
(6) in innovation, entrepreneurship, and 
business ethics; and 
(7) in program management. (d) G
RADUATE STUDENT INPUT .—The par-
ticipants in the workshop or roundtable shall include current or recent STEM grad-uate students. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Na-tional Research Council shall submit to Con-gress a summary report of the findings and recommendations of the workshop or round-table convened under this section. 
SEC. 323. UNDERGRADUATE STEM EDUCATION 
REFORM. 
Section 17 of the National Science Founda-
tion Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–6) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 17. UNDERGRADUATE STEM EDUCATION 
REFORM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director, through 
the Directorate for Education and Human Resources, shall award grants, on a competi-tive, merit-reviewed basis, to institutions of higher education (or to consortia thereof) and to other eligible nonprofit organizations to reform undergraduate STEM education for the purpose of increasing the number and quality of students studying toward and completing baccalaureate degrees in STEM and improving the STEM learning outcomes for all undergraduate students. 
‘‘(b) I
NTERDIRECTORATE WORKING GROUP ON  
UNDERGRADUATE STEM E DUCATION .—In car-
rying out the requirements of this section, the Directorate for Education and Human Resources shall collaborate and coordinate with the Research Directorates, including through the establishment of an interdirec-torate working group on undergraduate STEM education reform, in order to identify and implement new and expanded opportuni-ties for collaboration between STEM dis-ciplinary researchers and education re-searchers on the reform of undergraduate STEM education. 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS .—Research and development 
supported by grants under this section may encompass a single discipline, multiple dis-ciplines, or interdisciplinary education at the undergraduate level, and may include— 
‘‘(1) research foundational to the improve-
ment of teaching, learning, and retention; 
‘‘(2) development, implementation, and as-
sessment of innovative, research-based ap-proaches to transforming teaching, learning, and retention; and 
‘‘(3) scaling of successful efforts on learn-
ing and learning environments, broadening participation, workforce preparation, em-ploying emerging technologies, or other re-forms in STEM education, including expan-sion of successful STEM reform efforts be-yond a single course or group of courses to 
achieve reform within an entire academic unit, or expansion of successful reform ef-forts beyond a single academic unit to other STEM academic units within an institution or to comparable academic units at other in-stitutions. 
‘‘(d) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATIONS .—An institution of high-
er education or other eligible nonprofit orga-nization seeking a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Director may require. In addition to a description of the proposed research, development, or scal-ing effort, including a description of the re-search findings that will serve as the basis for the proposed effort, applications shall in-clude, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) evidence of institutional support for, 
and commitment to, the proposed effort, in-cluding long-term commitment to imple-ment and scale successful strategies result-ing from the current effort; 
‘‘(B) a description of existing or planned 
institutional policies and practices regarding faculty hiring, promotion, tenure, and teach-ing assignment that reward faculty contribu-tions to undergraduate STEM education; and 
‘‘(C) a description of the plans for assess-
ment and evaluation of the effort, including evidence of participation by individuals with experience in assessment and evaluation of teaching and learning programs. 
‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .—In selecting 
grant recipients for funding under this sec-tion, the Director shall consider, as appro-priate to the scale of the proposed effort— 
‘‘(A) the likelihood of success in under-
taking the proposed effort at the institution submitting the application, including the ex-tent to which the faculty, staff, and adminis-trators of the institution are committed to making undergraduate STEM education re-form a priority of the participating academic unit or units; 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the proposed ef-
fort will contribute to change in institu-tional culture and policy such that a greater value is placed on faculty engagement in un-dergraduate education; 
‘‘(C) the likelihood that the institution 
will sustain or expand the effort beyond the period of the grant; and 
‘‘(D) the degree to which the proposed ef-
fort will contribute to the systematic accu-mulation of knowledge on STEM education. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—The Director shall give pri-
ority to proposals focused on the first 2 years of undergraduate education, including STEM education at 2-year institutions of higher education. 
‘‘(4) G
RANT DISTRIBUTION .—The Director 
shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grants awarded under this section are made to a variety of types of institutions of higher education.’’. 
SEC. 324. ADVANCED MANUFACTURING EDU-
CATION. 
Section 506(b) of the America COMPETES 
Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 1862p– 1(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) A
DVANCED MANUFACTURING EDU-
CATION .—The Director shall award grants, on 
a competitive, merit reviewed basis, to com-munity colleges for the development and im-plementation of innovative advanced manu-facturing education reforms to ensure an adequate and well-trained advanced manu-facturing workforce. Activities supported by grants under this subsection may include— 
‘‘(1) the development or expansion of edu-
cational materials, courses, curricula, strat-egies, and methods that will lead to im-proved advanced manufacturing degree or certification programs, including the inte-gration of industry standards and workplace 
competencies into the curriculum; 
‘‘(2) the development and implementation 
of faculty professional development pro-grams that enhance a faculty member’s ca-pabilities and teaching skills in advanced manufacturing, including efforts to under-stand current advanced manufacturing tech-nologies and practices; 
‘‘(3) the establishment of centers that pro-
vide models and leadership in advanced man-ufacturing education and serve as regional or national clearinghouses for educational ma-terials and methods, including in rural areas; 
‘‘(4) activities to enhance the recruitment 
and retention of students into certification and degree programs in advanced manufac-turing, including the provision of improved mentoring and internship opportunities; 
‘‘(5) the establishment of partnerships with 
private sector entities to ensure the develop-ment of an advanced manufacturing work-force with the skills necessary to meet re-gional economic needs; and 
‘‘(6) other activities as determined appro-
priate by the Director.’’. 
SEC. 325. STEM EDUCATION PARTNERSHIPS. 
Section 9 of the National Science Founda-
tion Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘
MATHEMATICS AND SCIENCE ’’ and inserting 
‘‘STEM ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘mathematics and science’’ 
each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘mathematics or science’’ 
each place it appears in subsection (a)(3) and (4)(A) and inserting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘mathematics, science, or 
engineering’’ in subsection (a)(2)(B) and in-serting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(5) by striking ‘‘mathematics, science, and 
technology’’ in subsection (a)(3)(B)(ii)(II) and (8) and inserting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(6) by striking ‘‘professional mathemati-
cians, scientists, and engineers’’ in sub-section (a)(3)(F) and inserting ‘‘STEM profes-sionals’’; 
(7) by striking ‘‘mathematicians, sci-
entists, and engineers’’ in subsection (a)(3)(J) and (M) and inserting ‘‘STEM professionals’’; 
(8) by striking ‘‘scientists, technologists, 
engineers, or mathematicians’’ in subsection (a)(8) and inserting ‘‘STEM professionals’’; 
(9) by striking ‘‘science, technology, engi-
neering, and mathematics’’ each place it ap-pears in subsection (a)(3)(K) and (10) and in-serting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(10) by striking ‘‘science, technology, engi-
neering, or mathematics’’ in subsection (a)(10)(A)(ii)(II) and inserting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(11) by striking ‘‘science, mathematics, en-
gineering, and technology’’ each place it ap-pears in subsection (a)(5) and inserting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(12) by striking ‘‘science, mathematics, en-
gineering, or technology’’ in subsection (a)(5) and inserting ‘‘STEM’’; 
(13) by striking ‘‘mathematics, science, en-
gineering, and technology’’ in subsection (b)(1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘STEM’’; and 
(14) by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 326. NOYCE SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM 
AMENDMENTS. 
Section 10A of the National Science Foun-
dation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
bachelor’s’’ after ‘‘master’s’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (2)(B); 
(B) in paragraph (3), by— (i) inserting ‘‘for teachers with master’s 
degrees in their field’’ after ‘‘Teaching Fel-lowships’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3473 May 20, 2015 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) in the case of National Science Foun-
dation Master Teaching Fellowships for teachers with bachelor’s degrees in their field— 
‘‘(A) offering academic courses leading to a 
master’s degree and leadership training to prepare individuals to become master teach-ers in elementary and secondary schools; and 
‘‘(B) offering programs both during and 
after matriculation in the program for which the fellowship is received to enable fellows to become highly effective mathematics and science teachers, including mentoring, train-ing, induction, and professional development activities, to fulfill the service requirements of this section, including the requirements of subsection (e), and to exchange ideas with others in their fields.’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; and 
(4) by adding after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(g) S
UPPORT FOR MASTER TEACHING FEL-
LOWS WHILE ENROLLED IN A MASTER ’SDEGREE  
PROGRAM .—A National Science Foundation 
Master Teacher Fellow may receive a max-imum of 1 year of fellowship support while enrolled in a master’s degree program as de-scribed in subsection (c)(4)(A), except that if such fellow is enrolled in a part-time pro-gram, such amount shall be prorated accord-ing to the length of the program.’’. 
SEC. 327. INFORMAL STEM EDUCATION. 
(a) G RANTS .—The Director, through the Di-
rectorate for Education and Human Re-sources, shall continue to award competi-tive, merit-reviewed grants to support— 
(1) research and development of innovative 
out-of-school STEM learning and emerging STEM learning environments in order to im-prove STEM learning outcomes and engage-ment in STEM; and 
(2) research that advances the field of in-
formal STEM education. 
(b) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Activities supported 
by grants under this section may encompass a single STEM discipline, multiple STEM disciplines, or integrative STEM initiatives and shall include— 
(1) research and development that im-
proves our understanding of learning and en-gagement in informal environments, includ-ing the role of informal environments in broadening participation in STEM; and 
(2) design and testing of innovative STEM 
learning models, programs, and other re-sources for informal learning environments to improve STEM learning outcomes and in-crease engagement for K–12 students, K–12 teachers, and the general public, including design and testing of the scalability of mod-els, programs, and other resources. 
SEC. 328. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT TO SUP-
PORT IMPROVED K–12 LEARNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director, acting 
through the Directorate for Education and Human Resources, shall award competitive, merit-reviewed grants to support research and development on alignment, implementa-tion, impact, and ongoing improvement of standards and equivalent learning expecta-tions used by States in mathematics, science, and, as appropriate, other State- based STEM standards. 
(b) R
ESEARCH AREAS .—In making awards 
under this section, the Director shall con-sider proposals for research and develop-ment, including, as appropriate, large-scale research and development, of— 
(1) resources, including virtual resources 
such as web portals, for content, professional development, and research results; (2) teacher education and professional de-
velopment; 
(3) learning progressions; (4) assessments; (5) metrics for evaluating the impact of 
standards; and 
(6) other areas of research and development 
that are likely to contribute to the align-ment, implementation, impact, and ongoing improvement of standards in STEM subjects. 
TITLE IV—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF 
STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Institute of Standards and Technology Au-thorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 402. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,119,700,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2016. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $754,700,000 shall be authorized for sci-
entific and technical research and services laboratory activities; 
(B) $59,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
construction and maintenance of facilities; and 
(C) $306,000,000 shall be authorized for in-
dustrial technology services activities, of which— 
(i) $141,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship under section 25 of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) and the program under section 26 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278l), of which not more than $20,000,000 shall be for the com-petitive grant program under section 25(f) of such Act; and 
(ii) $150,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Pro-gram established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2017.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,174,390,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2017. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $792,440,000 shall be authorized for sci-
entific and technical research and services laboratory activities; 
(B) $61,950,000 shall be authorized for the 
construction and maintenance of facilities; and 
(C) $320,000,000 shall be authorized for in-
dustrial technology services activities, of which— 
(i) $160,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship under section 25 of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) and the program under section 26 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278l), of which not more than $20,000,000 shall be for the com-petitive grant program under section 25(f) of such Act; and 
(ii) $150,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Pro-gram established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
(c) F
ISCAL YEAR2018.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce 
$1,207,100,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2018. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $832,060,000 shall be authorized for sci-
entific and technical research and services laboratory activities; (B) $65,050,000 shall be authorized for the 
construction and maintenance of facilities; and 
(C) $310,000,000 shall be authorized for in-
dustrial technology services activities, of which— 
(i) $160,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship under section 25 of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) and the program under section 26 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278l), of which not more than $20,000,000 shall be for the com-petitive grant program under section 25(f) of such Act; and 
(ii) $150,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Pro-gram established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
(d) F
ISCAL YEAR2019.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,251,960,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2019. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $873,660,000 shall be authorized for sci-
entific and technical research and services laboratory activities; 
(B) $68,300,000 shall be authorized for the 
construction and maintenance of facilities; and 
(C) $310,000,000 shall be authorized for in-
dustrial technology services activities, of which— 
(i) $160,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship under section 25 of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) and the program under section 26 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278l), of which not more than $20,000,000 shall be for the com-petitive grant program under section 25(f) of such Act; and 
(ii) $150,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Pro-gram established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
(e) F
ISCAL YEAR2020.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $1,299,060,000 for the National Institute of Standards and Technology for fiscal year 2020. 
(2) S
PECIFIC ALLOCATIONS .—Of the amount 
authorized by paragraph (1)— 
(A) $917,340,000 shall be authorized for sci-
entific and technical research and services laboratory activities; 
(B) $71,710,000 shall be authorized for the 
construction and maintenance of facilities; and 
(C) $310,000,000 shall be authorized for in-
dustrial technology services activities, of which— 
(i) $160,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship under section 25 of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) and the program under section 26 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278l), of which not more than $20,000,000 shall be for the com-petitive grant program under section 25(f) of such Act; and 
(ii) $150,000,000 shall be authorized for the 
Network for Manufacturing Innovation Pro-gram established under section 34 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 278s). 
SEC. 403. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-
SION PARTNERSHIP. 
Section 25 of the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 25. HOLLINGS MANUFACTURING EXTEN-
SION PARTNERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3474 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, through 
the Director shall provide assistance for the creation and support of regional manufac-turing extension centers for the transfer of manufacturing technology and best business practices. These centers shall be known as the ‘Hollings Manufacturing Extension Cen-ters’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘Cen-ters’). The program under this section shall be known as the ‘Hollings Manufacturing Ex-tension Partnership’. 
‘‘(2) A
FFILIATIONS .—Such Centers shall be 
affiliated with any United States-based pub-lic or nonprofit institution or organization, or group thereof, that applies for and is awarded financial assistance under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the pro-
gram is to enhance productivity, competi-tiveness, and technological performance in United States manufacturing through— 
‘‘(A) the transfer of manufacturing tech-
nology and techniques to Centers and, through them, to manufacturing companies throughout the United States; 
‘‘(B) the participation of individuals from 
industry, institutions of higher education, State governments, other Federal agencies, and, when appropriate, the Institute in coop-erative technology transfer activities; 
‘‘(C) efforts to make new manufacturing 
technology and processes usable by United States-based small and medium-sized compa-nies; 
‘‘(D) the active dissemination of scientific, 
engineering, technical, and management in-formation about manufacturing to industrial firms, including small and medium-sized manufacturing companies; 
‘‘(E) the development of new partnerships, 
networks, and services that will assist small 
and medium-sized manufacturing companies expand into new markets, including global markets; 
‘‘(F) the utilization, when appropriate, of 
the expertise and capability that exists in Federal laboratories other than the Insti-tute; and 
‘‘(G) the provision to community colleges 
and area career and technical education schools of information about the job skills needed in small and medium-sized manufac-turing businesses in the regions they serve. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities of the Cen-
ters shall include— 
‘‘(1) the establishment of automated manu-
facturing systems and other advanced pro-duction technologies, based on research by the Institute and other entities, for the pur-pose of demonstrations and technology transfer; 
‘‘(2) assistance to Federal agencies in sup-
porting United States-based manufacturing by identifying and providing technical as-sistance to small and medium-sized manu-facturers to help them meet Federal agency procurement and acquisition needs; 
‘‘(3) the active transfer and dissemination 
of research findings and Center expertise to a wide range of companies and enterprises, particularly small and medium-sized manu-facturers; and 
‘‘(4) the facilitation of collaborations and 
partnerships between small and medium- sized manufacturing companies and commu-nity colleges and area career and technical education schools to help such colleges and schools better understand the specific needs of manufacturers and to help manufacturers better understand the skill sets that stu-dents learn in the programs offered by such colleges and schools. 
‘‘(c) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL SUPPORT .—The Secretary 
may provide financial support to any Center created under subsection (a) for an initial pe-riod of 5 years, which may be renewed for an additional 5-year period. The Secretary may 
provide to a Center up to 50 percent of the capital and annual operating and mainte-nance funds required to create and maintain such Center. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
implement, review, and update the sections of the Code of Federal Regulations related to this section at least once every 5 years. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any public or nonprofit 
institution, or consortium thereof, may sub-mit to the Secretary an application for fi-nancial support under this section, in ac-cordance with the procedures established by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) C
OST-SHARING .—In order to receive as-
sistance under this section, an applicant for financial assistance under subparagraph (A) shall provide adequate assurances that non- Federal assets obtained from the applicant and the applicant’s partnering organizations will be used as a funding source to meet not less than 50 percent of the costs incurred. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the costs incurred means the costs incurred in connection with the activities undertaken to improve the management, productivity, competitiveness, and technological perform-ance of small and medium-sized manufac-turing companies. 
‘‘(C) A
GREEMENTS WITH OTHER ENTITIES .—In 
meeting the 50-percent requirement, it is an-ticipated that a Center will enter into agree-ments with other entities such as private in-dustry, institutions of higher education, and State governments to accomplish pro-grammatic objectives and access new and ex-isting resources that will further the impact of the Federal investment made on behalf of small and medium-sized manufacturing com-panies. 
‘‘(D) L
EGAL RIGHTS .—Each applicant under 
subparagraph (A) shall submit a proposal for the allocation of the legal rights associated with any invention that may result from the proposed Center’s activities. 
‘‘(4) M
ERIT REVIEW .—The Secretary shall 
subject each such application to merit re-view. In making a decision whether to ap-prove such application and provide financial support under this section, the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) The merits of the application, par-
ticularly those portions of the application regarding technology transfer, training and education, and adaptation of manufacturing technologies to the needs of particular indus-trial sectors. 
‘‘(B) The quality of service to be provided. ‘‘(C) Geographical diversity and extent of 
service area. 
‘‘(D) The percentage of funding and 
amount of in-kind commitment from other sources. 
‘‘(5) E
VALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Center that re-
ceives financial assistance under this section shall be evaluated during its third year of operation by an evaluation panel appointed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPOSITION .—Each such evaluation 
panel shall be composed of independent ex-perts, none of whom shall be connected with the involved Center, and Federal officials. 
‘‘(C) C
HAIR.—An official of the Institute 
shall chair the panel. 
‘‘(D) P ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—Each 
evaluation panel shall measure the involved Center’s performance against the objectives specified in this section. 
‘‘(E) P
OSITIVE EVALUATION .—If the evalua-
tion is positive, the Secretary may provide continued funding through the fifth year. 
‘‘(F) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—The Sec-
retary may not provide funding for the re-maining years of a Center’s operation unless the evaluation is positive. A Center that has not received a positive evaluation by the 
evaluation panel shall be notified by the panel of the deficiencies in its performance and shall be placed on a corrective action plan and provided the opportunity to address deficiencies unless immediate action is nec-essary to protect the public interest. The program shall re-evaluate the Center within one year and if the Center has not addressed the deficiencies identified by the panel, or shown a significant improvement in its per-formance, the Director shall conduct a new competition or may close the Center. 
‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL FINANCIAL SUPPORT .— 
After the fifth year, a Center may receive ad-ditional financial support under this section if it has received a positive evaluation through an independent review, under proce-dures established by the Institute. 
‘‘(H) R
ECOMPETITION .—If a Center has re-
ceived financial support for 10 consecutive years, the Director shall conduct a new com-petition. An existing Center may submit an application as part of the new competition. 
‘‘(I) R
ECOMPETITION PLAN .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Director shall submit a plan to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate detailing how the program will implement the new com-
petitions required under subparagraph (H). The Director shall consult with the MEP Ad-visory Board established under subsection (f) in the development and implementation of the plan. 
‘‘(6) O
VERSIGHT BOARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each Center that re-
ceives financial assistance under this section shall establish an oversight board that is broadly representative of regional stake-holders with a majority of board members drawn from local small and medium-sized manufacturing firms. 
‘‘(B) B
YLAWS AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST .— 
Each board under subparagraph (A) shall adopt and submit to the Director bylaws to govern the operation of the board, including a conflict of interest policy to ensure rel-evant relationships are disclosed and proper recusal procedures are in place. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—Board members may not 
serve simultaneously on more than one Cen-ter’s oversight board or serve as a contractor providing services to a Center. 
‘‘(7) P
ROTECTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary shall ensure that the 
following are not publically disclosed: 
‘‘(A) Confidential information on the busi-
ness operations of— 
‘‘(i) a participant under the program; or ‘‘(ii) a client of a Center. ‘‘(B) Trade secrets possessed by any client 
of a Center. 
‘‘(8) P
ATENT RIGHTS .—The provisions of 
chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code, shall apply, to the extent not inconsistent with this section, to the promotion of tech-nology from research by Centers under this section except for contracts for such specific technology extension or transfer services as may be specified by statute or by the Direc-tor. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTING AND AUDITING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Director shall establish proce-
dures regarding Center financial reporting and auditing to ensure that awards are used for the purposes specified in this section and are in accordance with sound accounting practices. 
‘‘(e) A
CCEPTANCE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to such sums 
as may be appropriated to the Secretary and Director to operate the Hollings Manufac-turing Extension Partnership, the Secretary and Director also may accept funds from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3475 May 20, 2015 
other Federal departments and agencies and, 
under section 2(c)(7), from the private sector, to be available to the extent provided by ap-propriations Acts, for the purpose of strengthening United States manufacturing. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) F UNDS ACCEPTED FROM OTHER FEDERAL  
DEPARTMENTS OR AGENCIES .—The Director 
shall determine whether funds accepted from other Federal departments or agencies shall be counted in the calculation of the Federal share of capital and annual operating and maintenance costs under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) F
UNDS ACCEPTED FROM THE PRIVATE  
SECTOR .—Funds accepted from the private 
sector under section 2(c)(7), if allocated to a Center, may not be considered in the calcula-tion of the Federal share under subsection (c) of this section. 
‘‘(f) MEP A
DVISORY BOARD .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
within the Institute a Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnership Advisory Board (in this subsection referred to as the ‘MEP Advisory Board’). 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The MEP Advisory 
Board shall consist of not fewer than 10 members broadly representative of stake-holders, to be appointed by the Director. At least 2 members shall be employed by or on an advisory board for the Centers, at least 1 member shall represent a community col-lege, and at least 5 other members shall be from United States small businesses in the manufacturing sector. No member shall be an employee of the Federal Government. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM.—Except as provided in subpara-
graph (C) or (D), the term of office of each member of the MEP Advisory Board shall be 3 years. 
‘‘(C) V
ACANCIES .—Any member appointed 
to fill a vacancy occurring prior to the expi-ration of the term for which his predecessor was appointed shall be appointed for the re-mainder of such term. 
‘‘(D) S
ERVING CONSECUTIVE TERMS .—Any 
person who has completed two consecutive full terms of service on the MEP Advisory Board shall thereafter be ineligible for ap-pointment during the one-year period fol-lowing the expiration of the second such term. 
‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The MEP Advisory Board 
shall meet not less than 2 times annually and shall provide to the Director— 
‘‘(A) advice on Hollings Manufacturing Ex-
tension Partnership programs, plans, and policies; 
‘‘(B) assessments of the soundness of Hol-
lings Manufacturing Extension Partnership plans and strategies; and 
‘‘(C) assessments of current performance 
against Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership program plans. 
‘‘(4) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT AP -
PLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In discharging its duties 
under this subsection, the MEP Advisory Board shall function solely in an advisory capacity, in accordance with the Federal Ad-visory Committee Act. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Section 14 of the Federal 
Advisory Committee Act shall not apply to the MEP Advisory Board. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—The MEP Advisory Board 
shall transmit an annual report to the Sec-retary for transmittal to Congress within 30 days after the submission to Congress of the President’s annual budget request in each year. Such report shall address the status of the program established pursuant to this section and comment on the relevant sec-tions of the programmatic planning docu-ment and updates thereto transmitted to Congress by the Director under subsections (c) and (d) of section 23. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPETITIVE GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall 
establish, within the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, a program of com-petitive awards among participants de-scribed in paragraph (2) for the purposes de-scribed in paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPANTS .—Participants receiving 
awards under this subsection shall be the Centers, or a consortium of such Centers. 
‘‘(3) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this subsection is to add capabilities to the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, including the development of projects to solve new or emerging manufac-turing problems as determined by the Direc-tor, in consultation with the Director of the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partner-ship, the MEP Advisory Board, and small and medium-sized manufacturers. 
‘‘(4) T
HEMES .—One or more themes for the 
competition may be identified, which may vary from year to year, depending on the needs of manufacturers and the success of previous competitions. These themes may include— 
‘‘(A) supply chain integration and quality 
management; 
‘‘(B) the creation of partnerships to en-
courage the development of a workforce with the skills necessary to meet the needs of a region, including the creation of apprentice-ship opportunities and the adoption of uni-versally recognized credential programs, as appropriate; 
‘‘(C) energy efficiency, including efficient 
building technologies and environmentally friendly materials, products, and processes; 
‘‘(D) enhancing the competitiveness of 
small and medium-sized manufacturers in the global marketplace; 
‘‘(E) the transfer of technology based on 
the technological needs of manufacturers and available technologies from institutions of higher education, laboratories, and other technology producing entities; and 
‘‘(F) areas that extend beyond traditional 
areas of manufacturing extension activities, including projects related to construction in-dustry modernization. 
‘‘(5) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Centers may be re-
imbursed for costs incurred under the pro-gram under this subsection. 
‘‘(6) A
PPLICATIONS .—Applications for 
awards under this subsection shall be sub-mitted in such manner, at such time, and containing such information as the Director shall require, in consultation with the MEP Advisory Board. 
‘‘(7) S
ELECTION .—Awards under this sub-
section shall be peer reviewed and competi-tively awarded. The Director shall endeavor to have broad geographic diversity among se-lected proposals. The Director shall select proposals to receive awards that will— 
‘‘(A) utilize innovative or collaborative ap-
proaches to solving the problem described in the competition; 
‘‘(B) improve the competitiveness of indus-
tries in the region in which the Center or 
Centers are located; and 
‘‘(C) contribute to the long-term economic 
stability of that region, including the cre-ation of jobs or training employees. 
‘‘(8) P
ROGRAM CONTRIBUTION .—Recipients of 
awards under this subsection shall not be re-quired to provide a matching contribution. 
‘‘(9) D
URATION .—Awards under this sub-
section shall last no longer than 5 years. 
‘‘(h) I NNOVATIVE SERVICES INITIATIVE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director, in co-
ordination with the Advanced Manufacturing Office of the Department of Energy, shall es-tablish, within the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership, an innovative serv-ices initiative to assist small and medium- sized manufacturers in— ‘‘(A) reducing their energy usage, green-
house gas emissions, and environmental waste to improve profitability; 
‘‘(B) accelerating the domestic commer-
cialization of new product technologies, in-cluding components for renewable energy and energy efficiency systems; and 
‘‘(C) identifying and diversifying to new 
markets, including support for transitioning to the production of components for renew-able energy and energy efficiency systems. 
‘‘(2) M
ARKET DEMAND .—The Director may 
not undertake any activity to accelerate the domestic commercialization of a new prod-uct technology under this subsection unless an analysis of market demand for the new product technology has been conducted. 
‘‘(i) E
XPORT ASSISTANCE TO SMALL AND ME-
DIUM -SIZED MANUFACTURERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall— 
‘‘(A) evaluate obstacles that are unique to 
small and medium-sized manufacturers that prevent such manufacturers from effectively competing in the global market; 
‘‘(B) implement a comprehensive export as-
sistance initiative through the Centers to help small and medium-sized manufacturers 
address such obstacles; and 
‘‘(C) to the maximum extent practicable, 
ensure that the activities carried out under this subsection are coordinated with, and do not duplicate the efforts of, other export as-sistance programs within the Federal Gov-ernment. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The initiative shall 
include— 
‘‘(A) export assistance counseling; ‘‘(B) the development of partnerships that 
will provide small and medium-sized manu-facturers with greater access to and knowl-edge of global markets; and 
‘‘(C) improved communication between the 
Centers to assist such manufacturers in im-plementing appropriate, targeted solutions to such obstacles. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A REA CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDU -
CATION SCHOOL .—The term ‘area career and 
technical education school’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Im-provement Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘com-
munity college’ means an institution of higher education (as defined under section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) at which the highest degree that is predominately awarded to students is an associate’s degree.’’. 
SEC. 404. NATIONAL ACADEMIES REVIEW. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology shall enter into a contract with the National Academies to conduct a single, comprehensive review of the Institute’s lab-oratory programs. The review shall— 
(1) assess the technical merits and sci-
entific caliber of the research conducted at the laboratories; 
(2) examine the strengths and weaknesses 
of the 2010 laboratory reorganization on the Institute’s ability to fulfill its mission; 
(3) evaluate how cross-cutting research and 
development activities are planned, coordi-nated, and executed across the laboratories; and 
(4) assess how the laboratories are engag-
ing industry, including the incorporation of industry need, into the research goals and objectives of the Institute. 
SEC. 405. IMPROVING NIST COLLABORATION 
WITH OTHER AGENCIES. 
Section 8 of the National Bureau of Stand-
ards Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1983 (15 U.S.C. 275b) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘
AND WITH ’’ after ‘‘ PERFORMED FOR ’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3476 May 20, 2015 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘The Secretary may accept, apply for, use, and spend Federal, State, and non-govern-mental acquisition and assistance funds to further the mission of the Institute without regard to the source or the period of avail-ability of these funds as well as share per-sonnel, associates, facilities, and property with these partner organizations, with or without reimbursement, upon mutual agree-ment.’’. 
SEC. 406. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) F UNCTIONS AND ACTIVITIES .—Section 15 
of the of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278e) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘of the Government; and’’ 
and inserting ‘‘of the Government;’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘transportation services for 
employees of the Institute’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation services for employees, asso-ciates, or fellows of the Institute’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘Code.’’ and inserting 
‘‘Code; and (i) the protection of Institute buildings and other plant facilities, equip-ment, and property, and of employees, asso-ciates, visitors, or other persons located therein or associated therewith, notwith-standing any other provision of law.’’. 
(b) P
OST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PRO-
GRAM .—Section 19 of the National Institute 
of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g–2) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 19. POST-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIP PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘The Director, in conjunction with the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences, shall establish and conduct a post-doctoral fellowship pro-gram that shall include not less than 20 new fellows per fiscal year. In evaluating applica-tions for fellowships under this section, the Director shall give consideration to the goal of promoting the participation of underrep-resented minorities in research areas sup-ported by the Institute.’’. 
TITLE V—INNOVATION 
SEC. 501. OFFICE OF INNOVATION AND ENTRE-
PRENEURSHIP. 
Section 25 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-
nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3720) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘with a 
Director and full-time staff’’ after ‘‘Office of Innovation and Entrepreneurship’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) providing access to relevant data, re-
search, and technical assistance on innova-tion and commercialization, including best practices for university-based incubators and accelerators;’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(C) by inserting the following after para-
graph (3): 
‘‘(4) overseeing the implementation of the 
loan guarantee programs and the Regional Innovation Program established under sec-tions 26 and 27, respectively; 
‘‘(5) developing, within 180 days after the 
date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, and updating at least every 5 years, a strategic plan to guide the activities of the Office of Innovation and Entrepreneurship that shall— 
‘‘(A) specify and prioritize near-term and 
long-term goals, objectives, and policies to accelerate innovation and advance the com-mercialization of research and development, including federally funded research and de-velopment, set forth the anticipated time for achieving the objectives, and identify metrics for use in assessing progress toward such objectives; 
‘‘(B) describe how the Department of Com-
merce is working in conjunction with other Federal agencies to foster innovation and 
commercialization across the United States; and 
‘‘(C) provide a summary of the activities, 
including the development of metrics to evaluate regional innovation strategies un-dertaken through the Regional Innovation Research and Information Program estab-lished under section 27(e);’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish or designate an advisory com-mittee, which shall meet at least twice each fiscal year, to provide advice to the Sec-retary on carrying out the duties and respon-sibilities of the Office of Innovation and En-trepreneurship. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The advisory 
committee shall prepare a report, to be sub-mitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate every 3 years. The first report shall be sub-mitted not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reau-thorization Act of 2015 and shall include— 
‘‘(A) an assessment of the strategic plan 
developed under subsection (b)(5) and the progress made in implementing the plan and the duties of the Office of Innovation and En-trepreneurship; 
‘‘(B) an assessment of how the Office of In-
novation and Entrepreneurship is working with other Federal agencies to meet the goals and duties of the office; and 
‘‘(C) any recommendations for how the Of-
fice of Innovation and Entrepreneurship could be improved.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to carry out this sec-tion.’’. 
SEC. 502. FEDERAL LOAN GUARANTEES FOR IN-
NOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES IN MANU-FACTURING. 
Section 26(t) of the Stevenson-Wydler 
Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3721(t)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2011 through 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. 
SEC. 503. INNOVATION VOUCHER PILOT PRO-
GRAM. 
Section 25 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-
nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3720) as amended by section 501 of this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(e) I
NNOVATION VOUCHER PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Office of Innovation and Entre-preneurship and in conjunction with the States, shall establish an innovation voucher pilot program to accelerate innovative ac-tivities and enhance the competitiveness of small and medium-sized manufacturers in the United States. The pilot program shall— 
‘‘(A) foster collaborations between small 
and medium-sized manufacturers and re-search institutions; and 
‘‘(B) enable small and medium-sized manu-
facturers to access technical expertise and capabilities that will lead to the develop-ment of innovative products or manufac-turing processes, including through— 
‘‘(i) research and development, including 
proof of concept, technical development, and compliance testing activities; 
‘‘(ii) early-stage product development, in-
cluding engineering design services; and 
‘‘(iii) technology transfer and related ac-
tivities. 
‘‘(2) A
WARD SIZE .—The Secretary shall 
competitively award vouchers worth up to $20,000 to small and medium-sized manufac-
turers for use at eligible research institu-tions to acquire the services described in paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(3) S
TREAMLINED PROCEDURES .—The Sec-
retary shall streamline and simplify the ap-plication, administrative, and reporting pro-cedures for vouchers administered under the program. 
‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—Prior to awarding any 
vouchers under the program, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations— 
‘‘(A) establishing criteria for the selection 
of recipients of awards under this subsection; 
‘‘(B) establishing procedures regarding fi-
nancial reporting and auditing— 
‘‘(i) to ensure that awards are used for the 
purposes of the program; and 
‘‘(ii) that are in accordance with sound ac-
counting practices; and 
‘‘(C) describing any other policies, proce-
dures, or information necessary to imple-ment this subsection, including those in-tended to streamline and simplify the pro-gram in accordance with paragraph (3). 
‘‘(5) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may transfer funds appropriated to the De-partment of Commerce to other Federal agencies for the performance of services au-thorized under this subsection. 
‘‘(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—All of the 
amounts appropriated to carry out this sub-section for a fiscal year shall be used for vouchers awarded under this subsection, ex-cept that the Secretary may set aside a per-centage of such amounts for eligible research institutions performing the services de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B) to defray admin-istrative costs associated with the services. The Secretary shall establish a single, fixed percentage for such purposes that will apply to all eligible research institutions. 
‘‘(7) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary may use 
centers established under section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k) to provide infor-mation about the program established under this subsection and to conduct outreach to potential applicants, as appropriate. 
‘‘(8) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(A) P LAN.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of the America Com-petes Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Sec-retary shall transmit to Congress a plan that will serve as a guide for the activities of the program. The plan shall include a descrip-tion of the specific objectives of the program and the metrics that will be used in assess-ing progress toward those objectives. 
‘‘(B) O
UTCOMES .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit to Congress a re-port containing— 
‘‘(i) a summary of the activities carried 
out under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of the impact of such 
activities on the innovative capacity of small and medium-sized manufacturers re-ceiving assistance under the pilot program; and 
‘‘(iii) any recommendations for adminis-
trative and legislative action that could op-timize the effectiveness of the pilot program. 
‘‘(9) C
OORDINATION AND NONDUPLICATION .— 
To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that the activities carried out under this subsection are coordi-nated with, and do not duplicate the efforts of, other programs within the Federal Gov-ernment. 
‘‘(10) E
LIGIBLE RESEARCH INSTITUTIONS DE -
FINED .—For the purposes of this subsection, 
the term ‘eligible research institution’ means— 
‘‘(A) an institution of higher education, as 
such term is defined in section 101(a) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3477 May 20, 2015 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1001(a)); 
‘‘(B) a Federal laboratory; ‘‘(C) a federally funded research and devel-
opment center; or 
‘‘(D) a Hollings Manufacturing Extension 
Center established under section 25 of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology Act (15 U.S.C. 278k). 
‘‘(11) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out the pilot program in this subsection $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 504. FEDERAL ACCELERATION OF STATE 
TECHNOLOGY COMMERCIALIZATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
The Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-
tion Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 28. FEDERAL ACCELERATION OF STATE 
TECHNOLOGY COMMERCIALIZATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish a Federal Acceleration of State Technology Commercialization Pilot Pro-gram or FAST Commercialization Pilot Pro-gram to award grants to States, or consortia thereof, for the purposes described in para-graph (2). Awards under this section shall be made through a competitive, merit-based process. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this section is to advance United States productivity and global competitive-ness by accelerating commercialization of innovative technology by leveraging Federal support for State commercialization efforts. The program shall provide matching funds to a State, or consortium thereof, for the accel-eration of commercialization activities and the promotion of small manufacturing enter-prises in the United States. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—Applications for awards 
under this section shall be submitted in such a manner, at such a time, and containing such information as the Secretary shall re-quire, including— 
‘‘(1) a description of the current state of 
technology commercialization in the State or States, including successes and barriers to commercialization; and 
‘‘(2) a description of the State’s or consor-
tium’s plan for increasing commercialization of new technologies, products, processes, and services. 
‘‘(c) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall establish criteria for the selection of awardees, which shall consider at a min-imum a review of efforts during the fiscal year prior to submitting an application to— 
‘‘(1) promote manufacturing; and ‘‘(2) commercialize new technologies, prod-
ucts, processes, and services, including ac-tivities to translate federally funded re-search and technologies to small manufac-turing enterprises. 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—A State or 
consortium receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall provide non-Federal cash contribu-tions in an amount equal to 50 percent of the total cost of the project for which the grant is provided. 
‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION AND NONDUPLICATION .— 
In carrying out the program under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall ensure that grants made under the program are coordinated with, and do not duplicate, the efforts of other commercialization programs within the Federal Government. 
‘‘(f) E
VALUATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of the America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall enter into a contract with an independent entity, such as the National Academy of Sciences, to conduct an evalua-tion of the program established under sub-
section (a). 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The evaluation 
shall— 
‘‘(A) assess whether the program is achiev-
ing its goals; 
‘‘(B) include any recommendations for how 
the program may be improved; and 
‘‘(C) include a recommendation as to 
whether the program should be continued or terminated. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘State’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 3 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3122); and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘commercialization’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 9(e)(10) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)(10)). 
‘‘(h) D
URATION .—Each award shall be for a 
5-year period. 
‘‘(i) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018 to carry out this sec-tion.’’. 
TITLE VI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
Subtitle A—Office of Science 
SEC. 601. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-
ment of Energy Office of Science Authoriza-tion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 602. DEFINITIONS. 
Except as otherwise provided, in this sub-
title: 
(1) D EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Energy. 
(2) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Office of Science. 
(3) O FFICE OF SCIENCE .—The term ‘‘Office of 
Science’’ means the Department of Energy Office of Science. 
(4) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Under 
Secretary’’ means the Under Secretary for Science and Energy. 
(5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
SEC. 603. MISSION OF THE OFFICE OF SCIENCE. 
Section 209 of the Department of Energy 
Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of 
Science shall be the delivery of scientific dis-coveries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the understanding of na-ture and to advance the energy, economic, and national security of the United States. 
‘‘(d) D
UTIES .—In support of this mission, 
the Director shall carry out programs, in-cluding those in basic energy sciences, bio-logical and environmental research, ad-vanced scientific computing research, fusion energy sciences, high energy physics, and nu-clear physics, through activities focused on— 
‘‘(1) Science for Discovery to unravel na-
ture’s mysteries through activities which range from the study of subatomic particles, atoms, and molecules that make up the ma-terials of our everyday world to the study of DNA, proteins, cells, and entire biological systems; 
‘‘(2) Science for National Need by— ‘‘(A) advancing a clean energy agenda 
through research on energy production, stor-age, transmission, efficiency, and use; and 
‘‘(B) advancing our understanding of the 
Earth and its climate through research in at-mospheric and environmental sciences and climate change; and 
‘‘(3) National Scientific User Facilities to 
deliver the 21st century tools of science, en-gineering, and technology and provide the Nation’s researchers with the most advanced tools of modern science including accelera-tors, colliders, supercomputers, light sources and neutron sources, and facilities for study-
ing complex molecular systems and the nanoworld. 
‘‘(e) S
UPPORTING ACTIVITIES .—The activi-
ties described in subsection (d) shall include providing for relevant facilities and infra-structure, programmatic analysis, inter-agency coordination, and workforce develop-ment and outreach activities. 
‘‘(f) U
SERFACILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry 
out the construction, operation, and mainte-nance of user facilities, including under-ground research facilities, to support the ac-tivities described in subsection (d). As prac-ticable, these facilities shall serve the needs of the Department, industry, the academic community, and other relevant entities for the purposes of advancing the missions of the Department. 
‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—The Director may form partner-
ships to enhance the utilization of and en-sure access to user facilities, including un-derground research facilities, by other Fed-eral agencies. 
‘‘(g) O
THER AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—In ad-
dition to the activities authorized under the Department of Energy Office of Science Au-thorization Act of 2015, the Office of Science shall carry out other such activities as it is authorized or required to carry out by law. 
‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION AND JOINT ACTIVITIES  
WITHOTHER DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY PRO-
GRAMS .—The Under Secretary shall ensure 
the coordination of activities under the De-partment of Energy Office of Science Au-thorization Act of 2015 with the other activi-ties of the Department, and shall support joint activities among the programs of the Department. 
‘‘(i) D
OMESTIC MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY  
FOROFFICE OF SCIENCE FACILITIES REPORT .— 
Not later than one year after the date of en-actment of the Department of Energy Office of Science Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources of the Senate. The report shall— 
‘‘(1) assess the current ability of domestic 
manufacturers to meet the procurement re-quirements for major ongoing projects fund-ed by the Office of Science, including a cal-
culation of the percentage of equipment ac-quired from domestic manufacturers for this purpose; and 
‘‘(2) identify steps that can be taken by the 
Federal Government and by private industry to increase the capability of domestic manu-facturers to meet procurement requirements of the Office of Science for major projects.’’. 
SEC. 604. BASIC ENERGY SCIENCES PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—As part of the activities au-
thorized under the amendment made by sec-tion 603, the Director shall carry out a pro-gram in basic energy sciences, including ma-terials sciences and engineering, chemical sciences, physical biosciences, and geo-sciences, for the purpose of providing the sci-entific foundations for new energy tech-nologies and addressing scientific grand challenges. 
(b) B
ASIC ENERGY SCIENCES USER FACILI -
TIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry 
out a subprogram to support and oversee the construction, operation, and maintenance of national user facilities that support the pro-gram under this section. As practicable, these facilities shall serve the needs of the Department, industry, the academic commu-nity, and other relevant entities to create and examine new materials and chemical processes for the purposes of advancing new energy technologies and improving the com-petitiveness of the United States. These fa-cilities shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3478 May 20, 2015 
(A) x-ray light sources; 
(B) neutron sources; (C) nanoscale science research centers; and (D) other facilities the Director considers 
appropriate, consistent with section 209(f) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139(f)). 
(2) F
ACILITY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— 
The Director shall carry out research and de-velopment on advanced accelerator and stor-age ring technologies relevant to the Basic Energy Sciences user facilities, in consulta-tion with the Office of Science’s High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics programs. 
(3) F
ACILITY CONSTRUCTION AND UP -
GRADES .—Consistent with the Office of 
Science’s project management practices, the Director shall support construction of— 
(A) an upgrade of the Advanced Photon 
Source to optimize and enhance beam brightness; 
(B) a Second Target Station at the Spall-
ation Neutron Source to double user capac-ity and expand the suite of instruments to meet new scientific challenges; 
(C) the Linac Coherent Light Source II to 
expand the x-ray wavelength range, incor-porate high repetition rate operation for soft and medium energy x-rays, and increase user capacity of the Linac Coherent Light Source; and 
(D) an upgrade to the Advanced Light 
Source to improve brightness and perform-ance. 
(c) E
NERGY FRONTIER RESEARCH CENTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry 
out a program to provide awards, on a com-petitive, merit-reviewed basis, to multi-in-stitutional collaborations or other appro-priate entities to conduct fundamental and 
use-inspired energy research to accelerate scientific breakthroughs related to needs identified in— 
(A) the Grand Challenges report of the De-
partment’s Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee; 
(B) the report of the Department’s Basic 
Energy Sciences Advisory Committee enti-tled ‘‘From Quanta to the Continuum: Op-portunities for Mesoscale Science’’; 
(C) the Basic Energy Sciences Basic Re-
search Needs workshop report; or 
(D) other relevant reports identified by the 
Director. 
(2) C
OLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration re-
ceiving an award under this subsection may include multiple types of institutions and private sector entities. 
(3) S
ELECTION AND DURATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A collaboration under 
this subsection shall be selected for a period of 5 years. An Energy Frontier Research Cen-ter already in existence and supported by the Director on the date of enactment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years beginning on the date of es-tablishment of that center. 
(B) R
EAPPLICATION .—After the end of the 
period described in subparagraph (A), an awardee may reapply for selection for a sec-ond period of 5 years on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis. 
(C) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the ex-
isting authorities of the Department, the Di-rector may terminate an underperforming center for cause during the performance pe-riod. 
(4) N
O FUNDING FOR CONSTRUCTION .—No 
funding provided pursuant to this subsection may be used for the construction of new buildings or facilities. 
SEC. 605. BIOLOGICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
SEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the activities 
authorized under section 209 of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139), and coordinated with the activities au-thorized under section 604 and section 606, the Director shall carry out a program of re-
search and development in the areas of bio-logical systems science and climate and en-vironmental science, including subsurface science, to support the energy and environ-mental missions of the Department. 
(b) B
IOLOGICAL SYSTEMS SCIENCE ACTIVI -
TIES.— 
(1) A CTIVITIES .—As part of the activities 
authorized under subsection (a), the Director shall carry out research and development ac-tivities in fundamental, structural, com-putational, and systems biology to increase systems-level understanding of the complex biological systems, which shall include ac-tivities to— 
(A) accelerate breakthroughs and new 
knowledge that will enable cost-effective sustainable production of— 
(i) biomass-based liquid transportation 
fuels; 
(ii) bioenergy; and (iii) biobased materials; (B) improve understanding of the global 
carbon cycle, including processes for remov-ing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, through photosynthesis and other biological processes, for sequestration and storage; and 
(C) understand the biological mechanisms 
used to transform, immobilize, or remove contaminants from subsurface environments. 
(2) B
IOENERGY RESEARCH CENTERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out activities 
under paragraph (1), the Director shall sup-port at least 3 bioenergy research centers to accelerate advanced research and develop-ment of biomass-based liquid transportation fuels, bioenergy, or biobased materials that are produced from a variety of regionally di-verse feedstocks. 
(B) S
ELECTION AND DURATION .—A center es-
tablished under subparagraph (A) shall be se-lected on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis for a period of 5 years beginning on the date of establishment of that center. A cen-ter already in existence on the date of enact-ment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years beginning on 
the date of establishment of that center. 
(C) R
ENEWAL .—After the end of the period 
described in subparagraph (B), an awardee may apply for a second period of 5 years on a merit-reviewed basis. 
(D) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the ex-
isting authorities of the Department, the Di-rector may terminate an underperforming center for cause during the performance pe-riod. 
(3) L
OW DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry 
out a research program on low dose radi-ation. The purpose of the program is to en-hance the scientific understanding of and re-duce uncertainties associated with the ef-fects of exposure to low dose radiation in order to inform improved risk management methods. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘low dose radiation’’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. 
(C) S
TUDY .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies to conduct a study as-sessing the current status and development of a long-term strategy for low dose radi-ation research. The study shall be conducted in coordination with Federal agencies that perform ionizing radiation effects research. 
(D) C
ONTENTS .—The study performed under 
subparagraph (C) shall— 
(i) identify current scientific challenges for 
understanding the long-term effects of ion-izing radiation; 
(ii) assess the status of current low dose 
radiation research in the United States and internationally; (iii) formulate overall scientific goals for 
the future of low-dose radiation research in the United States; 
(iv) recommend a long-term strategic and 
prioritized research agenda to address sci-entific research goals for overcoming the identified scientific challenges in coordina-tion with other research efforts; 
(v) define the essential components of a re-
search program that would address this re-search agenda within the universities and the National Laboratories; and 
(vi) assess the cost-benefit effectiveness of 
such a program. 
(E) 5-
YEAR RESEARCH PLAN .—Not later than 
90 days after the completion of the assess-ment performed under subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall deliver to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a five-year research plan that responds to the assessment’s findings and recommenda-tions and identifies and prioritizes research needs. 
(4) R
EPEAL .—Section 977 of the Energy Pol-
icy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16317) is repealed. 
(c) C LIMATE AND ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE  
ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the activities 
authorized under subsection (a), and in co-ordination with activities carried out under subsection (b), the Director shall carry out climate and environmental science research, which shall include activities to— 
(A) understand, observe, and model the re-
sponse of Earth’s atmosphere and biosphere to increased concentrations of greenhouse gas emissions and any associated changes in climate; 
(B) understand the processes for immo-
bilization, or removal of, and understand the movement of, energy production-derived contaminants such as radionuclides and heavy metals, and understand the process of sequestration and transformation of carbon dioxide in subsurface environments; and 
(C) inform potential mitigation and adap-
tation options for increased concentrations of greenhouse gas emissions and any associ-ated changes in climate. 
(2) S
UBSURFACE BIOGEOCHEMICAL RE -
SEARCH .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—As part of the activities 
described in paragraph (1), the Director shall carry out research to advance a fundamental understanding of coupled physical, chemical, and biological processes for controlling the movement of sequestered carbon and sub-surface environmental contaminants. 
(B) C
OORDINATION .— 
(i) D IRECTOR .—The Director shall carry out 
activities under this paragraph in accord-
ance with priorities established by the Under Secretary to support and accelerate the de-contamination of relevant facilities managed by the Department. 
(ii) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The Under Sec-
retary shall ensure the coordination of ac-tivities of the Department, including activi-ties under this paragraph, to support and ac-celerate the decontamination of relevant fa-cilities managed by the Department. 
(3) C
LIMATE AND EARTH MODELING .—As part 
of the activities described in paragraph (1), the Director, in collaboration with the Ad-vanced Scientific Computing Research pro-gram described in section 606, shall carry out research to develop, evaluate, and use high- resolution regional climate, global climate, and Earth models to inform decisions on re-ducing the impacts of a changing climate. Such modeling shall include, among other critical elements, greenhouse gas emissions, land use, and interaction among human and Earth systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3479 May 20, 2015 
SEC. 606. ADVANCED SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the activities 
authorized under section 209 of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 
7139), the Director shall carry out a research, development, demonstration, and commer-cial application program to advance com-putational and networking capabilities for data-driven discovery and to analyze, model, simulate, and predict complex phenomena relevant to the development of new energy technologies and the competitiveness of the United States. 
(b) C
OORDINATION .—The Under Secretary 
shall ensure the coordination of the activi-ties of the Department, including activities under this section, to determine and meet the computational and networking research and facility needs of the Office of Science and all other relevant energy technology and energy efficiency programs within the De-partment. 
(c) R
ESEARCH TOSUPPORT ENERGY APPLICA -
TIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the activities 
authorized under subsection (a), the program shall support research in high-performance computing and networking relevant to en-ergy applications including modeling, sim-ulation, and advanced data analytics for basic and applied energy research programs carried out by the Secretary. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall transmit to the Congress a plan to integrate and leverage the expertise and capabilities of the program described in sub-section (a), as well as other relevant com-putational and networking research pro-grams and resources supported by the Fed-eral Government, to advance the missions of the Department’s applied energy and energy efficiency programs. 
(d) A
PPLIED MATHEMATICS AND SOFTWARE  
DEVELOPMENT FOR HIGH-ENDCOMPUTING SYS-
TEMS .—The Director shall carry out activi-
ties to develop, test, and support mathe-matics, models, and algorithms for complex systems, as well as programming environ-ments, tools, languages, and operating sys-tems for high-end computing systems (as de-fined in section 2 of the Department of En-ergy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5541)). 
(e) E
XASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .—Sec-
tion 3 of the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5542) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘pro-
gram’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated program across the Department’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (1); 
(C) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) partner with universities, National 
Laboratories, and industry to ensure the broadest possible application of the tech-nology developed in this program to other challenges in science, engineering, medicine, and industry.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘vec-
tor’’ and all that follows through ‘‘architec-tures’’ and inserting ‘‘computer technologies that show promise of substantial reductions in power requirements and substantial gains in parallelism of multicore processors, con-currency, memory and storage, bandwidth, and reliability’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) E
XASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a coordinated research program to de-velop exascale computing systems to ad-
vance the missions of the Department. 
‘‘(2) E XECUTION .—The Secretary shall, 
through competitive merit review, establish two or more National Laboratory-industry- university partnerships to conduct inte-grated research, development, and engineer-ing of multiple exascale architectures, and— 
‘‘(A) conduct mission-related co-design ac-
tivities in developing such exascale plat-forms; 
‘‘(B) develop those advancements in hard-
ware and software technology required to fully realize the potential of an exascale pro-duction system in addressing Department target applications and solving scientific problems involving predictive modeling and simulation and large-scale data analytics and management; and 
‘‘(C) explore the use of exascale computing 
technologies to advance a broad range of 
science and engineering. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this 
program, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide, on a competitive, merit-re-
viewed basis, access for researchers in United States industry, institutions of higher edu-cation, National Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to these exascale systems, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(B) conduct outreach programs to in-
crease the readiness for the use of such plat-forms by domestic industries, including manufacturers. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NTEGRATED STRATEGY AND PROGRAM  
MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The Secretary shall 
submit to Congress, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Depart-ment of Energy Office of Science Authoriza-tion Act of 2015, a report outlining an inte-grated strategy and program management plan, including target dates for prototypical and production exascale platforms, interim milestones to reaching these targets, func-tional requirements, roles and responsibil-ities of National Laboratories and industry, acquisition strategy, and estimated re-sources required, to achieve this exascale system capability. The report shall include the Secretary’s plan for Departmental orga-nization to manage and execute the Exascale Computing Program, including definition of the roles and responsibilities within the De-partment to ensure an integrated program across the Department. The report shall also include a plan for ensuring balance and prioritizing across ASCR subprograms in a flat or slow-growth budget environment. 
‘‘(B) S
TATUS REPORTS .—At the time of the 
budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that describes the sta-tus of milestones and costs in achieving the objectives of the exascale computing pro-gram. 
‘‘(C) E
XASCALE MERIT REPORT .—At least 18 
months prior to the initiation of construc-tion or installation of any exascale-class computing facility, the Secretary shall transmit a plan to the Congress detailing— 
‘‘(i) the proposed facility’s cost projections 
and capabilities to significantly accelerate the development of new energy technologies; 
‘‘(ii) technical risks and challenges that 
must be overcome to achieve successful com-pletion and operation of the facility; and 
‘‘(iii) an independent assessment of the sci-
entific and technological advances expected from such a facility relative to those ex-pected from a comparable investment in ex-panded research and applications at terascale-class and petascale-class com-puting facilities, including an evaluation of where investments should be made in the system software and algorithms to enable these advances.’’. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Depart-
ment of Energy High-End Computing Revi-talization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5541) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) C
O-DESIGN .—The term ‘co-design’ 
means the joint development of application algorithms, models, and codes with computer technology architectures and operating sys-tems to maximize effective use of high-end computing systems. 
‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Energy. 
‘‘(3) E XASCALE .—The term ‘exascale’ means 
computing system performance at or near 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per second. 
‘‘(4) H
IGH-END COMPUTING SYSTEM .—The 
term ‘high-end computing system’ means a 
computing system with performance that substantially exceeds that of systems that are commonly available for advanced sci-entific and engineering applications. 
‘‘(5) L
EADERSHIP SYSTEM .—The term ‘Lead-
ership System’ means a high-end computing system that is among the most advanced in the world in terms of performance in solving scientific and engineering problems. 
‘‘(6) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). 
‘‘(7) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘Na-
tional Laboratory’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). 
‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
‘‘(9) S OFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .—The term 
‘software technology’ includes optimal algo-rithms, programming environments, tools, languages, and operating systems for high- end computing systems.’’. 
SEC. 607. FUSION ENERGY RESEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—As part of the activities au-
thorized under section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) and section 972 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16312), the Director shall carry out a fusion energy sciences research and en-abling technology development program to effectively address the scientific and engi-neering challenges to building a cost-com-petitive fusion power plant and to establish a competitive fusion power industry in the United States. As part of this program, the Director shall carry out research activities to expand the fundamental understandings of plasmas and matter at very high tempera-tures and densities for fusion applications and for other plasma science applications. 
(b) T
OKAMAK RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the program de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Director shall support research and development activities and facility operations to— 
(A) optimize the tokamak approach to fu-
sion energy; and 
(B) determine the viability of the tokamak 
approach to fusion energy to lead to a com-mercial fusion power plant. 
(2) ITER.— (A) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director shall 
coordinate and carry out the responsibilities of the United States with respect to the ITER international fusion project pursuant to the Agreement on the Establishment of the International Fusion Energy Organiza-tion for the Joint Implementation of the ITER Project. 
(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report pro-viding an assessment of— 
(i) the most recent schedule for ITER that 
has been approved by the ITER Council; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3480 May 20, 2015 
(ii) progress of the ITER Council and the 
ITER Director-General toward implementa-tion of the recommendations of the Third Bi-ennial International Organization Manage-ment Assessment Report. 
(C) F
AIRNESS IN COMPETITION FOR SOLICITA -
TIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROJECT ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act 
of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, with respect to international research projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ shall refer to facilities or 
laboratories located in the United States.’’. 
(D) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should sup-port a robust, diverse program in addition to meeting its commitments to ITER. It is fur-ther the sense of Congress that developing the scientific basis for fusion, providing re-search results key to the success of ITER, and training the next generation of fusion scientists are of critical importance to the United States and should in no way be di-minished by participation of the United States in the ITER project. 
(c) I
NERTIAL FUSION ENERGY RESEARCH AND  
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .—The Secretary 
shall carry out a program of research and technology development in inertial fusion for energy applications, including ion beam, laser, and pulsed power fusion systems. 
(d) A
LTERNATIVE AND ENABLING CON-
CEPTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As part of the program de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Director shall support research and development activities and facility operations at United States uni-versities, national laboratories, and private facilities for a portfolio of alternative and enabling fusion energy concepts that may provide solutions to significant challenges to the establishment of a commercial magnetic fusion power plant, prioritized based on the ability of the United States to play a leader-ship role in the international fusion research community. Fusion energy concepts and ac-tivities explored under this paragraph may include— 
(A) high magnetic field approaches facili-
tated by high temperature superconductors; 
(B) advanced stellarator concepts; (C) non-tokamak confinement configura-
tions operating at low magnetic fields; 
(D) magnetized target fusion energy con-
cepts; 
(E) liquid metals to address issues associ-
ated with fusion plasma interactions with the inner wall of the encasing device; 
(F) immersion blankets for heat manage-
ment and fuel breeding; 
(G) advanced scientific computing activi-
ties: and 
(H) other promising fusion energy concepts 
identified by the Director. 
(2) C
OORDINATION WITH ARPA –E.—The Under 
Secretary and the Director shall coordinate with the Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy (in this paragraph referred to as ‘‘ARPA–E’’) to— 
(A) assess the potential for any fusion en-
ergy project supported by ARPA–E to rep-resent a promising approach to a commer-cially viable fusion power plant; 
(B) determine whether the results of any 
fusion energy project supported by ARPA–E merit the support of follow-on research ac-tivities carried out by the Office of Science; and 
(C) avoid unintentional duplication of ac-
tivities. 
(e) F
USION MATERIALS RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT .—As part of the activities au-
thorized in section 978 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16318), the Director, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy of the Department, shall carry out research and development activi-ties to identify, characterize, and create ma-
terials that can endure the neutron, plasma, and heat fluxes expected in a commercial fu-sion power plant. As part of the activities authorized under subsection (g), the Sec-retary shall— 
(1) provide an assessment of the need for a 
facility or facilities that can examine and test potential fusion and next generation fis-sion reactor materials and other enabling technologies relevant to the development of commercial fusion power plants; and 
(2) provide an assessment of whether a sin-
gle new facility that substantially addresses magnetic fusion, inertial fusion, and next generation fission materials research needs is feasible, in conjunction with the expected capabilities of facilities operational at the time of this assessment. 
(f) G
ENERAL PLASMA SCIENCE AND APPLICA -
TIONS .—Not later than 2 years after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to Congress an assessment of oppor-tunities in which the United States can pro-vide world-leading contributions to advanc-ing plasma science and non-fusion energy ap-plications, and identify opportunities for partnering with other Federal agencies both within and outside of the Department of En-ergy. 
(g) I
DENTIFICATION OF PRIORITIES .— 
(1) R EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall transmit to Congress a report on the Department’s proposed fusion energy re-search and development activities over the following 10 years under at least 3 realistic budget scenarios, including a scenario based on 3 percent annual growth in the non-ITER portion of the budget for fusion energy re-search and development activities. The re-port shall— 
(A) identify specific areas of fusion energy 
research and enabling technology develop-ment in which the United States can and should establish or solidify a lead in the global fusion energy development effort; 
(B) identify priorities for initiation of fa-
cility construction and facility decommis-sioning under each of those scenarios; 
(C) provide a roadmap addressing critical 
scientific challenges to ensure that within 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act there is sufficient basis to justify and moti-vate the initiation of an applied fusion en-ergy development program; and 
(D) assess the ability of the United States 
fusion workforce to carry out the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) through (C), including the adequacy of college and uni-versity programs to train the leaders and workers of the next generation of fusion en-ergy researchers. 
(2) P
ROCESS .—In order to develop the re-
port required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall leverage best practices and les-sons learned from the process used to de-velop the most recent report of the Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel of the High Energy Physics Advisory Panel. No member of the Fusion Energy Sciences Advi-sory Committee shall be excluded from par-ticipating in developing or voting on final approval of the report required under para-graph (1). 
SEC. 608. HIGH ENERGY PHYSICS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the activities 
authorized under section 209 of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139), the Director shall carry out a research program on the elementary constituents of matter and energy and the nature of space and time. 
(b) E
NERGY FRONTIER RESEARCH .—As part 
of the program described in subsection (a), the Director shall carry out research using high energy accelerators and advanced de-tectors to create and study interactions of 
novel particles and investigate fundamental forces. 
(c) N
EUTRINO RESEARCH .—As part of the 
program described in subsection (a), the Di-rector shall carry out research activities on rare decay processes and the nature of the neutrino, which may include collaborations with the National Science Foundation or international collaborations on relevant re-
search projects. 
(d) D
ARK ENERGY AND DARK MATTER RE-
SEARCH .—As part of the program described in 
subsection (a), the Director shall carry out research activities on the nature of dark en-ergy and dark matter. These activities shall be consistent with the research priorities identified by the High Energy Physics Advi-sory Panel or the National Academy of Sciences, and may include— 
(1) collaborations with the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration, the Na-tional Science Foundation, or international collaborations on relevant research projects; and 
(2) the development of space-based, land- 
based, and underground facilities and experi-ments. 
(e) F
ACILITY CONSTRUCTION AND MAJOR 
ITEMS OF EQUIPMENT .—Consistent with the 
Office of Science’s project management prac-tices, the Director shall support construc-tion or fabrication of— 
(1) an international Long-Baseline Neu-
trino Facility based in the United States; 
(2) the Muon to Electron Conversion Exper-
iment; 
(3) Second Generation Dark Matter experi-
ments; 
(4) the Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instru-
ment; 
(5) the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope 
camera; 
(6) upgrades to components of the Large 
Hadron Collider; and 
(7) other high priority projects rec-
ommended in the most recent report of the Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel of the High Energy Physics Advisory Panel. 
(f) A
CCELERATOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—As part of the program described in 
subsection (a), the Director shall carry out research and development in advanced accel-erator concepts and technologies, including laser technologies, to reduce the necessary scope and cost for the next generation of par-ticle accelerators, in coordination with the Office of Science’s Basic Energy Sciences and Nuclear Physics programs. 
(g) I
NTERNATIONAL COLLABORATION .—The 
Director, as practicable and in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies as necessary, shall ensure the access of United States researchers to the most advanced ac-celerator facilities and research capabilities in the world, including the Large Hadron Collider. 
SEC. 609. NUCLEAR PHYSICS PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—As part of the activities au-
thorized under section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139), the Director shall carry out a research pro-gram, and support relevant facilities, to dis-cover and understand various forms of nu-clear matter. 
(b) F
ACILITY CONSTRUCTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with the Office 
of Science’s project management practices, the Director shall continue to support the construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams. 
(2) R
EPEAL .—Section 981 of the Energy Pol-
icy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16321) is repealed. 
(c) I SOTOPE DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION  
FORRESEARCH APPLICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry 
out a program for the production of isotopes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3481 May 20, 2015 
that the Director determines are needed for 
research and applications, including— 
(A) the development of techniques to 
produce isotopes; and 
(B) support for infrastructure required for 
isotope research and production. 
(2) C OORDINATION .—In making the deter-
mination described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) ensure that isotope production activi-
ties do not compete with private industry unless critical national interests necessitate the Federal Government’s involvement; and 
(B) consider any relevant recommenda-
tions made by Federal advisory committees, the National Academies, and interagency working groups in which the Department participates. 
SEC. 610. SCIENCE LABORATORIES INFRASTRUC-
TURE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out 
a program to improve the safety, efficiency, and mission readiness of infrastructure at Office of Science laboratories. The program shall include projects to— 
(1) renovate or replace space that does not 
meet research needs; 
(2) replace facilities that are no longer cost 
effective to renovate or operate; 
(3) modernize utility systems to prevent 
failures and ensure efficiency; 
(4) remove excess facilities to allow safe 
and efficient operations; and 
(5) construct modern facilities to conduct 
advanced research in controlled environ-mental conditions. 
(b) A
PPROACH .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Director shall utilize all available approaches and mechanisms, including cap-ital line items, minor construction projects, energy savings performance contracts, util-ity energy service contracts, alternative fi-nancing, and expense funding, as appro-priate. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘Office of 
Science laboratory’’ means a subset of Na-tional Laboratories as defined in section 2(3) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801) consisting of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), (F), (K), (L), (M), (P), and (Q). 
SEC. 611. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Secretary for the activities of the Office of Science— 
(1) $5,339,794,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $5,606,783,700 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $5,887,122,885 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $6,181,479,029 for fiscal year 2019; and (5) $6,490,552,981 for fiscal year 2020. 
Subtitle B—ARPA–E 
SEC. 621. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘ARPA– 
E Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 622. ARPA–E AMENDMENTS. 
Section 5012 of the America COMPETES 
Act (42 U.S.C. 16538) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-
section (o) and inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—The following categories of informa-
tion collected by the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy from recipients of financial assistance awards shall be consid-ered privileged and confidential and not sub-ject to disclosure pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code: 
‘‘(1) Plans for commercialization of tech-
nologies developed under the award, includ-ing business plans, technology to market plans, market studies, and cost and perform-ance models. 
‘‘(2) Investments provided to an awardee 
from third parties, such as venture capital, hedge fund, or private equity firms, includ-ing amounts and percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for such in-
vestments. 
‘‘(3) Additional financial support that the 
awardee plans to invest or has invested into the technology developed under the award, or that the awardee is seeking from third parties. 
‘‘(4) Revenue from the licensing or sale of 
new products or services resulting from the research conducted under the award.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2) of subsection (o), as so 
redesignated by paragraph (1) of this section, by— 
(A) striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (D); 
(B) striking the period at the end of sub-
paragraph (E) and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $325,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(G) $341,250,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(H) $358,312,500 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(I) $376,228,125 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(J) $395,039,531 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
Subtitle C—Energy Innovation 
SEC. 641. ENERGY INNOVATION HUBS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall carry out a program to enhance the Na-tion’s economic, environmental, and energy security by making awards to consortia for establishing and operating Energy Innova-tion Hubs to conduct and support, whenever practicable at one centralized location, mul-tidisciplinary, collaborative research, devel-opment, demonstration, and commercial ap-plication of advanced energy technologies. 
(2) T
ECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT FOCUS .—The 
Secretary shall designate for each Hub a unique advanced energy technology focus. 
(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall en-
sure the coordination of, and avoid unneces-sary duplication of, the activities of Hubs with those of other Department of Energy research entities, including the National Laboratories, the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, Energy Frontier Research Centers, and within industry. 
(b) C
ONSORTIA .— 
(1) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive 
an award under this section for the estab-lishment and operation of a Hub, a consor-tium shall— 
(A) be composed of no fewer than 2 quali-
fying entities; and 
(B) operate subject to an agreement en-
tered into by its members that documents— 
(i) the proposed partnership agreement, in-
cluding the governance and management structure of the Hub; 
(ii) measures to enable cost-effective im-
plementation of the program under this sec-tion; 
(iii) a proposed budget, including financial 
contributions from non-Federal sources; 
(iv) a plan for managing intellectual prop-
erty rights; and 
(v) an accounting structure that enables 
the Secretary to ensure that the consortium has complied with the requirements of this section. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—A consortium seeking to 
establish and operate a Hub under this sec-tion, acting through a prime applicant, shall transmit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary shall re-quire, including a detailed description of the elements of the consortium agreement re-quired under paragraph (1)(B). If the consor-tium members will not be located at one cen-tralized location, such application shall in-clude a communications plan that ensures close coordination and integration of the Hub’s activities. 
(c) S
ELECTION AND SCHEDULE .—The Sec-
retary shall select consortia for awards for the establishment and operation of Hubs through competitive selection processes. In 
selecting consortia, the Secretary shall con-sider the information a consortium must dis-close according to subsection (b), as well as any existing facilities a consortium will pro-vide for Hub activities. Awards made to a Hub shall be for a period not to exceed 5 years, after which the award may be re-newed, subject to a rigorous merit review. A Hub already in existence on the date of en-actment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 5 years beginning on the date of establishment of that Hub. 
(d) H
UBOPERATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each Hub shall conduct or 
provide for multidisciplinary, collaborative 
research, development, demonstration, and, where appropriate, commercial application of advanced energy technologies within the technology development focus designated under subsection (a)(2). Each Hub shall— 
(A) encourage collaboration and commu-
nication among the member qualifying enti-ties of the consortium and awardees by con-ducting activities whenever practicable at one centralized location; 
(B) develop and publish on the Department 
of Energy’s website proposed plans and pro-grams; 
(C) submit an annual report to the Sec-
retary summarizing the Hub’s activities, in-cluding detailing organizational expendi-tures, and describing each project under-taken by the Hub; and 
(D) monitor project implementation and 
coordination. 
(2) C
ONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— 
(A) P ROCEDURES .—Hubs shall maintain 
conflict of interest procedures, consistent with those of the Department of Energy, to ensure that employees and consortia des-ignees for Hub activities who are in decision-making capacities disclose all material con-flicts of interest. 
(B) D
ISQUALIFICATION AND REVOCATION .— 
The Secretary may disqualify an application or revoke funds distributed to a Hub if the Secretary discovers a failure to comply with conflict of interest procedures established under subparagraph (A). 
(3) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSTRUCTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—No funds provided pursu-
ant to this section may be used for construc-tion of new buildings or facilities for Hubs. Construction of new buildings or facilities shall not be considered as part of the non- Federal share of a Hub cost-sharing agree-ment. 
(B) T
EST BED AND RENOVATION EXCEPTION .— 
Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit the use of funds provided pursuant to this sec-tion, or non-Federal cost share funds, for re-search or for the construction of a test bed or renovations to existing buildings or facili-ties for the purposes of research if the Sec-retary determines that the test bed or ren-ovations are limited to a scope and scale necessary for the research to be conducted. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the ex-
isting authorities of the Department, the Secretary may terminate an underper-forming Hub for cause during the perform-ance period. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
(1) A DVANCED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY .—The 
term ‘‘advanced energy technology’’ means— 
(A) an innovative technology— (i) that produces energy from solar, wind, 
geothermal, biomass, tidal, wave, ocean, or other renewable energy resources; 
(ii) that produces nuclear energy; (iii) for carbon capture and sequestration; (iv) that enables advanced vehicles, vehicle 
components, and related technologies that result in significant energy savings; 
(v) that generates, transmits, distributes, 
utilizes, or stores energy more efficiently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3482 May 20, 2015 
than conventional technologies, including 
through Smart Grid technologies; or 
(vi) that enhances the energy independence 
and security of the United States by ena-bling improved or expanded supply and pro-duction of domestic energy resources, in-cluding coal, oil, and natural gas; 
(B) research, development, demonstration, 
and commercial application activities nec-essary to ensure the long-term, secure, and sustainable supply of energy critical ele-ments; or 
(C) another innovative energy technology 
area identified by the Secretary. 
(2) E
NERGY CRITICAL ELEMENT .—The term 
‘‘energy critical element’’ means any of a class of chemical elements that have a high risk of a supply disruption and are critical to one or more new, energy-related tech-nologies such that a shortage of such ele-ment would significantly inhibit large-scale deployment of technologies that produce, transmit, store, or conserve energy. 
(3) H
UB.—The term ‘‘Hub’’ means an En-
ergy Innovation Hub established or oper-ating in accordance with this section, includ-ing any Energy Innovation Hub existing as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
(4) Q
UALIFYING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘quali-
fying entity’’ means— 
(A) an institution of higher education; (B) an appropriate State or Federal entity, 
including the Department of Energy Feder-ally Funded Research and Development Cen-ters; 
(C) a nongovernmental organization with 
expertise in advanced energy technology re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application; or 
(D) any other relevant entity the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 642. PARTICIPATION IN THE INNOVATION 
CORPS PROGRAM. 
(a) A GREEMENT .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall enter into an agreement with the Di-rector of the National Science Foundation to enable researchers funded by the Department of Energy to participate in the Innovation Corps program authorized by section 307. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of En-
ergy may also establish a Department of En-ergy Innovation Corps program, modeled after the National Science Foundation Inno-vation Corps program, to incorporate experts from the Department of Energy National Laboratories in the training curriculum of the program. 
SEC. 643. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report which shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the Department’s cur-
rent ability to carry out the goals of section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391), including an assessment of the role and effectiveness of the Director of the Office of Technology Transitions; and 
(2) recommended departmental policy 
changes and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the Department’s ability to successfully transfer new energy technologies to the private sector. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 1001 of the En-
ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘for com-
mercial purposes’’ and inserting ‘‘of any sort for commercial purposes, including energy technologies not currently supported by the Department of Energy’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) 
as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(f) A
GREEMENTS FOR COMMERCIALIZING  
TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
carry out the Agreements for Commer-cializing Technology pilot program of the Department, as announced by the Secretary on December 8, 2011, in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(2) T
ERMS .—Each agreement entered into 
pursuant to the pilot program referred to in paragraph (1) shall provide to the contractor of the applicable National Laboratory, to the maximum extent determined to be appro-priate by the Secretary, increased authority to negotiate contract terms, such as intellec-tual property rights, payment structures, performance guarantees, and multiparty col-laborations. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any director of a Na-
tional Laboratory may enter into an agree-ment pursuant to the pilot program referred to in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.—To carry out subparagraph (A) and 
subject to subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to execute agreements with a non-Federal entity, including a non-Federal entity already receiving Federal funding that will be used to support activities under agreements executed pursuant to subpara-graph (A), provided that such funding is sole-ly used to carry out the purposes of the Fed-eral award. 
‘‘(C) R
ESTRICTION .—The requirements of 
chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Bayh-Dole Act’) shall apply if— 
‘‘(i) the agreement is a funding agreement 
(as that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and 
‘‘(ii) at least 1 of the parties to the funding 
agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. 
‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY .—Each af-
fected director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary, with respect to each agreement entered into under this subsection— 
‘‘(A) a summary of information relating to 
the relevant project; 
‘‘(B) the total estimated costs of the 
project; 
‘‘(C) estimated commencement and com-
pletion dates of the project; and 
‘‘(D) other documentation determined to 
be appropriate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(5) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall 
require the contractor of the affected Na-tional Laboratory to certify that each activ-ity carried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this sub-section— 
‘‘(A) is not in direct competition with the 
private sector; and 
‘‘(B) does not present, or minimizes, any 
apparent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this sub-section. 
‘‘(6) E
XTENSION .—The pilot program re-
ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be extended until October 31, 2017. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) O VERALL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 
60 days after the date described in paragraph (6), the Secretary, in coordination with di-rectors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate a report that— 
‘‘(i) assesses the overall effectiveness of 
the pilot program referred to in paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) identifies opportunities to improve 
the effectiveness of the pilot program; 
‘‘(iii) assesses the potential for program ac-
tivities to interfere with the responsibilities of the National Laboratories to the Depart-ment; and 
‘‘(iv) provides a recommendation regarding 
the future of the pilot program. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with directors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate an annual report that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, non-Federal entities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(g) I
NCLUSION OF TECHNOLOGY MATURATION  
INAUTHORIZED TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AC-
TIVITIES .—The Secretary shall permit the di-
rectors of the National Laboratories to use funds authorized to support technology transfer, following the standard practices of the Department, to carry out technology maturation activities to identify and im-prove potential commercial application op-portunities and demonstrate applications of research and technologies arising from Na-tional Laboratory activities.’’. 
(c) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY FOR TECH-
NOLOGY TRANSFER AGREEMENTS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall delegate to directors of the National Laboratories signature authority for any technology transfer agreement with a total cost of not more than $500,000, including both National Laboratory contributions and the project recipient cost share contribution, if such an agreement falls within the scope of a strategic plan for the National Laboratory that has been approved by the Department. 
(2) A
GREEMENTS INCLUDED .—The agree-
ments to which this subsection applies in-clude— 
(A) Cooperative Research and Development 
Agreements; and 
(B) non-Federal Work for Others Agree-
ments. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .— 
(A) Not later than 7 days after the date on 
which the director of a National Laboratory enters into an agreement under this sub-section, such director shall submit to the Secretary of Energy for monitoring and re-view all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agreement. 
(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the director of a specific National Laboratory enters into an agreement under this subsection, the Secretary may termi-nate the agreement and the authority of any director of such National Laboratory to enter into agreements under this subsection if— 
(i) all records of the National Laboratory 
relating to the agreement have not been transmitted to the Secretary in accordance with subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) the Secretary determines that this 
agreement is inconsistent with the mission of the Department. 
(4) L
IMITATION .—This subsection does not 
apply to any agreement with a majority for-eign-owned company. 
(5) S
UNSET .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—This subsection shall 
apply only during the 4-year period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(B) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than the date 
that is 180 days prior to the last day of the period described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3483 May 20, 2015 
an assessment of the effectiveness of the au-
thority provided to the directors of the Na-tional Laboratories under this subsection to accelerate the development of new tech-nologies, and an assessment of any incidences of potential misuse of this author-ity in the opinion of the Secretary. 
SEC. 644. FUNDING COMPETITIVENESS FOR IN-
STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU-TIONS. 
Section 988(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as 
provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  
EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a research or development activity performed by an institution of higher edu-cation or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). 
‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The exemption 
under subparagraph (A) shall apply during the 6-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 645. UNDER SECRETARY FOR SCIENCE AND 
ENERGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202(b) of the De-
partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for 
Science’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the 
following: 
‘‘(H) establish appropriate linkages be-
tween offices under the jurisdiction of the Under Secretary; and 
‘‘(I) perform such functions and duties as 
the Secretary shall prescribe, consistent with this section.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 3164(b)(1) of the Department of 
Energy Science Education Enhancement Act (42 U.S.C. 7381a(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Science’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’. 
(2) Section 641(h)(2) of the United States 
Energy Storage Competitiveness Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17231(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Science’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Science and Energy’’. 
SEC. 646. SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY FOR SCI-
ENTIFIC, ENGINEERING, AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT PER-SONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary 
shall have the authority to— 
(1) make appointments of scientific, engi-
neering, and professional personnel, without regard to civil service laws, to assist the De-partment in meeting specific project or re-search needs; 
(2) fix the basic pay of any employee ap-
pointed under this section at a rate to be de-termined by the Under Secretary at rates not in excess of the Executive Schedule (EX– II) without regard to the civil service laws; and 
(3) pay any employee appointed under this 
section payments in addition to basic pay, except that the total amount of additional payments paid to an employee under this subsection for any 12-month period shall not exceed the least of the following amounts: (A) $25,000. 
(B) The amount equal to 25 percent of the 
annual rate of basic pay of that employee. 
(C) The amount of the limitation that is 
applicable for a calendar year under section 5307(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) T
ERM.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The term of any employee 
appointed under this section shall not exceed 3 years. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—The Under Secretary 
shall have the authority to terminate any employee appointed under this section at any time based on performance or changing project or research needs of the Department. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON) and a Member opposed each will 
control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, so much of today’s de-
bate has been about how harmful the underlying legislation is for our Nation and how it violates every one of the principles of the original COMPETES bill. I am now pleased to be offering a positive way forward in the form of a substitute bill cosponsored by every Democratic member of the committee in addition to the minority leader, Mr. H
OYER . 
I spoke earlier about the history of 
the COMPETES bill and the principles it has embodied since the Rising Above the Gathering Storm report set us on this path 10 years ago. The substitute amendment, which we introduced as H.R. 1898, stays true to one of these principles. 
It sets targets that provide for steady 
and sustained real growth in funding for our research and development agen-cies. It makes a strong statement that the U.S. Congress sees funding for re-search across all fields of basic re-search as a top national priority. It does not include false and detrimental choices and tradeoffs among different fields of science and engineering. It en-sures that scientific experts, not politi-cians, continue to set priorities for funding within and among different fields of basic research and for indi-vidual grants. 
The principles embodied in my sub-
stitute amendment continue a pact that the Federal Government made with our Nation’s great research uni-versities following our victory in World War II and the onset of the space race that led us to the creation of NSF and NASA. 
This pact is what has made NSF, the 
National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, and the Depart-ment of Energy among the world’s greatest and most admired research agencies. 
Specifically, my amendment fully 
funds these agencies at the fiscal year 2016 request level and continues to pro-vide 5 percent annual increases for 5 years. This modest investment is al-ready a compromise, given the im-mense economic return on our basic re-
search investments. The original Ris-ing Above the Gathering Storm report called for even greater increases. 
My amendment also reauthorizes and 
fully funds ARPA-E, which was created in the 2007 COMPETES Act and has ex-ceeded every expectation for creating innovative new energy technologies and spurring private sector follow-on investment. 
In addition, my amendment author-
izes and funds important innovation programs at the Department of Com-merce, including an innovation vouch-er pilot program that will help small- and medium-sized manufacturers across the country grow their busi-nesses and create new jobs. 
My amendment fully funds the stand-
ards work of NIST, in addition to their work to help accelerate growth in U.S. advanced manufacturing. We need to bring those manufacturing jobs back home, and we need to Make It In Amer-ica. NIST is an essential partner in this effort. 
b1745 
Finally, my amendment takes seri-
ously the issue of STEM education, in-cluding broadening participation in STEM. Our STEM language is not just senses of Congress about how impor-tant STEM is and other filler provi-sions. 
Our language directs real important 
policy changes to help ensure that all U.S. students and researchers have the opportunity to fully develop their tal-ents in STEM and pursue successful 
STEM careers. 
We are facing a demographic impera-
tive. If we do not find a way to turn around the underrepresentation of women and minorities in STEM fields, our Nation will fall well short of the skilled workforce our industries de-mand. Our substitute puts our money before where our mouth is when it comes to STEM and corrects a glaring deficit in the underlying legislation. 
I am proud of my work that I have 
done on this committee for many years and of the contributions that many of my colleagues made to this substitute amendment. It truly is a COMPETES Reauthorization Act in every way. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to carefully consider the fork in the road before us. If you really want to do right by this great Nation and by our children and our grand-children, you will vote for the sub-stitute amendment and replace the un-derlying legislation with a positive path forward. 
This amendment will open the doors 
for innovation and education for our Nation’s future. It will not be trade, as many have said, that will cause us to lose these jobs; it will be our compa-nies searching around the world look-ing for talent and innovation. 
Look out for America’s future. Vote 
for this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.043 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3484 May 20, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
As I mentioned in my opening re-
marks, I support a responsible and sus-tainable path forward for U.S. science, research, and development. We must prioritize the areas of basic research to ensure future U.S. economic competi-tiveness and spur private sector inno-vation. 
This amendment ignores the caps set 
by the Budget Control Act, which the ranking member herself supported, and ignores the tough choices that must be made to protect the American taxpayer and future generations from more debt. It is irresponsible not to adhere to the Budget Control Act, which was signed into law by President Obama. 
The Budget Control Act was a bipar-
tisan agreement that 95 Democrats voted for, including the ranking mem-ber. Now, she wants to ignore that par-ticular law. Although many Members would like to see the Budget Control Act replaced, it is the law of the land, and we should abide by it. 
Of course, it is easy just to propose 
more spending, knowing it will sound good, even if it is irresponsible and against the law. In fiscal year 2016 alone, this amendment would increase spending by $600 million over the cur-rent level and the underlying bill. The amendment increases spending on later-stage research and technology, best done by the private sector. 
Since last Congress, we have worked 
hard to reach an agreement with the minority on numerous policy issues, and we have accepted many of their provisions and ideas to make this bill stronger. 
For example, we strengthened STEM 
provisions related to a new advisory panel and coordinating office. We also included language in support of NIST that passed the House floor on a bipar-tisan vote last year. 
Also, in title III of the bill are three 
pieces of bipartisan legislation that passed the Science Committee by voice vote in March. Two of those three pieces of legislation were sponsored by Democrats. 
I urge my colleagues to support a 
balanced approach of fiscal responsi-bility and targeted investments in pri-ority science and basic research and vote ‘‘no’’ on the Democratic sub-stitute. The Democratic substitute ig-nores the Budget Control Act and does not advance good science in America. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Ms. J OHNSON for yielding. 
I am proud to rise in support of Ms. 
JOHNSON ’s amendment in the nature of 
a substitute, and I am also proud to co-sponsor H.R. 1898, which contains the same language, because this alter-native is much more in keeping with the principles of the original America 
COMPETES Act. 
Mr. Chairman, in 2007, I served on the 
conference committee that worked out the House-Senate compromise on the original COMPETES bill. In 2010, I wrote the NSF title on the reauthoriza-tion. These are two of my proudest mo-ments in Congress because those were bipartisan bills that set us on a path to continue leading the world in scientific research and innovation for the next generation. 
Sadly, in recent years, we have let 
that progress stall. Make no mistake, other nations are continuing to invest and are continuing to innovate. If we don’t come together to send a strong message and provide strong support for scientific research, America will no longer be able to compete. 
The COMPETES bill is an investment 
bill. I understand the threat of our enormous Federal debt; but, without the types of investments that are made in the COMPETES bill, we will not pro-mote the economic growth that we need to end our deficits and pay down our debt. 
Ranking Member J
OHNSON ’s alter-
native makes those investments. Un-like the base bill, it does not make drastic cuts to Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, which pro-motes and funds research and develop-ment of advanced energy technologies. 
It does not make drastic cuts to the 
Office of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy that invests in high-risk, high-value research and development in the fields of energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies. It doesn’t cut the geosciences or make a more than 50 percent cut to research in the social, behavioral, and economic sciences. 
Some might think that last one is 
warranted; but, in the Science Com-mittee, we are constantly hearing from witnesses about how social science is vital to the work going on in other fields. Members of Congress have fre-quently relied on spectrum auctions, developed by NSF social science re-search, to raise billions of dollars. 
Social science is perhaps the most 
critical component to preventing cyber crimes. Considering that the majority of all cyber breaches occur because of social factors, like using easy-to-guess passwords or clicking on a link in a phishing attack, we should want to in-crease funding in these areas. 
Mr. Chairman, Ms. J
OHNSON ’s amend-
ment provides robust support in all of these areas. I agree that the chair-man’s bill has gotten better and things have been added to the bill which have made it a better bill, but still, I think there is no question that Ms. J
OHNSON ’s 
substitute is a much better bill for making the types of investments we need in scientific research right now if we want to make sure that America still competes. This is critical to the future of our country; this is critical to innovation. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), who is a member of 
the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The gentlewoman’s amendment 
makes everything a priority so that nothing really is. This amendment rubberstamps the administration’s budget request, which fails to make choices, spreading a little bit of re-search funding around to try to please everyone. 
Compared to the gentlewoman’s pro-
posal, H.R. 1806 funds 329 more new grants in biology next year, 398 more new grants in computer science, 457 more new grants in engineering, and 955 more new grants in math and the physical sciences. 
These are research grants that are 
going to universities and research in-stitutions across the country, fueling innovation and driving economic com-petitiveness in the United States. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I rise today in support of the sub-
stitute amendment to H.R. 1806 and focus on one issue. The underlying bill would set a harmful new precedent by authorizing funding at the directorate level. 
Currently, funding levels for the Na-
tional Science Foundation for each di-rectorate are based on strategic prior-ities and science-based recommenda-tions from the National Science Board. This is how it should be and how it re-mains under the substitute amend-ment. 
By setting authorization levels ac-
cording to directorate, this bill would limit the flexibility NSF needs to set strategic priorities and adapt and cap-italize on unanticipated discoveries. 
I share the concerns of many experts 
that the underlying bill would reduce authorized funding levels for specific directorates: the Directorate for So-cial, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences and the Directorate for Geo-sciences. 
Some of this funding has been used, 
for example, for Oregon State Univer-sity to conduct research on ocean acidification. It has also been used critically to support the work in Or-egon to develop our understanding of the risks posed by a Cascadia subduction zone earthquake. Other ex-amples are around the country. 
In summary, the underlying bill di-
minishes the ability of the National Science Foundation to make strategic science-based decisions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.090 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3485 May 20, 2015 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the substitute amendment. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
we are prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I simply will close by saying, as we have been on this floor, we continue to get emails and letters from universities and sci-entists around this Nation. 
I am not presenting this substitute 
to be funny; I am presenting this sub-stitute to take us to the professional level that the research brought us when we first had America COM-PETES. It is not a picking and choos-ing; it is a professional approach to funding scientific projects. 
If we mean to look out for the future 
of the Nation, as we say we are, this is the legislation that will do it. 
I urge everyone to support it, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
the gentlewoman’s amendment ignores the law of the land. She and more than 90 other Democrats supported the Budget Control Act, which was signed into law by the President. This amend-ment ignores those budget caps. 
I support a responsible and sustain-
able path forward for U.S. science, re-search, and development; but it is nei-ther responsible, nor sustainable, to spend more and more taxpayer dollars and increase the debt that future gen-erations will inherit. We must prioritize the areas of basic research to ensure future economic competitive-ness and spur private sector innova-tion. 
Since the last Congress, we have 
worked hard to reach an agreement with the minority on numerous policy issues, but we have been clear since the beginning that increases in spending need to have reasonable offsets. This amendment fails to include any offsets and openly ignores the Budget Control Act. 
I urge my colleagues to support a 
balanced approach of fiscal responsi-bility and targeted investments in pri-ority, science, and basic research. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment and ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I request a re-corded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 114– 120 on which further proceedings were 
postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 2 by Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Amendment No. 6 by Mr. G RIFFITH of 
Virginia. 
Amendment No. 8 by Mr. L OWENTHAL  
of California. 
Amendment No. 10 by Ms. B ONAMICI  
of Oregon. 
Amendment No. 11 by Mr. B EYER of 
Virginia. 
Amendment No. 12 by Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) on which fur-
ther proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 177, noes 243, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 252] 
AYES—177 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi 
Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.091 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3486 May 20, 2015 
Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Bera Capps Carson (IN) Chaffetz Comstock Crawford 
Donovan Kirkpatrick Labrador Noem Tsongas 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1827 
Messrs. TIPTON, LUCAS, FORBES, 
MCCLINTOCK, and STEWART changed 
their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. ASHFORD, Ms. D EGETTE, 
Messrs. STIVERS, YARMUTH, and DOLD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
252, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 183, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 253] 
AYES—234 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr 
Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Amodei Becerra Bera Capps Carson (IN) Chaffetz Crawford 
Doggett Donovan King (IA) Noem Rokita Schrader 
Tsongas Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1831 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 236, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 254] 
AYES—187 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.044 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3487 May 20, 2015 
McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert 
Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Becerra Bera Capps Chaffetz Crawford 
Donovan Noem Tsongas Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1835 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 208, noes 215, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 255] 
AYES—208 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rokita Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) 
Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) 
NOES—215 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.051 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3488 May 20, 2015 
Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Becerra 
Bera Capps Chaffetz Crawford 
Donovan Noem Tsongas Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1840 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota and Ms. 
KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 232, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 256] 
AYES—190 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) 
Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Becerra 
Bera Capps Chaffetz Crawford 
Donovan Noem Stivers Tsongas 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1844 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–120 offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) on which fur-
ther proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 239, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 257] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.052 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3489 May 20, 2015 
Sewell (AL) 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Ashford Becerra Bera Capps Chaffetz Crawford 
Donovan Noem Roybal-Allard Rush Sherman 
Tsongas Wasserman 
Schultz 
Woodall b1848 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 
257, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. P OEof Texas, Acting Chair 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 1806) to pro-vide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, funda-mental scientific discovery, and devel-opment to improve the competitive-ness of the United States, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 271, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I demand a re-corded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motion to recommit on H.R. 880, and passage of H.R. 880, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 217, noes 205, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 258] 
AYES—217 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—205 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farr Fattah Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.053 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3490 May 20, 2015 
Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McClintock 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Becerra 
Bera Capps Chaffetz Cleaver 
Crawford Donovan Noem Tsongas 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1858 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN HONOR 
OF THE MARINES WHO LOST THEIR LIVES ON MAY 12, 2015, IN NEPAL 
(Mr. MICA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-
night to pay tribute to six United States Marines who lost their lives on May 12, 2015. They died not in combat but in a mission of mercy, aiding the people of Nepal, who, as we have read, have been devastated by a horrific and deadly earthquake. 
I would like to at this time yield to 
their Members of Congress to recognize each of the Marines who sacrificed their lives. 
First, I yield to the gentleman from 
Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ). 
Mr. POMPEO. Captain Christopher 
Lee Norgren, Wichita, Kansas, Kansas’ Fourth Congressional District. 
Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman 
from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Captain 
Dustin Ryan Lukasiewicz, Alma, Ne-braska, Nebraska’s Third Congres-sional District. 
Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Sergeant Eric Mat-
thew Seaman, United States Marine Corps, Wildomar, California, Califor-
nia’s 42nd Congressional District. 
Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. F OSTER ). 
Mr. FOSTER. Corporal Sara Abigail 
Medina, Aurora, Illinois, Illinois’ 11th Congressional District. 
Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman 
from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Lance Cor-
poral Jacob Andrew Hug, Phoenix, Ari-zona, Arizona’s Eighth Congressional District. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I will now 
read the name of the brave Marine from my district: 
Sergeant Ward Mark Johnson IV, 
Altamonte Springs, Florida, Florida’s Seventh Congressional District. 
Mr. Speaker, greater love hath no 
man than this, that a man lay down his life for his fellow man. 
We, the Members who represent those 
brave Marines, ask you to join us in a moment of silence. And we also ask, as we approach this Memorial Day, that we remember in our thoughts and in our prayers all those brave Americans and their families who have paid the ultimate price in service to our Nation. 
f 
AMERICAN RESEARCH AND 
COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit, offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL), on which the yeas and nays 
were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 181, nays 240, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 259] 
YEAS—181 
Aguilar 
Ashford Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight 
Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.050 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3491 May 20, 2015 
Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Adams 
Becerra Bera Capps Chaffetz 
Cleaver Crawford Donovan Noem 
Tsongas Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1909 
Mr. GARAMENDI changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 274, nays 145, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 260] 
YEAS—274 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce 
Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (FL) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—145 
Bass Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum 
McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Torres Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Adams Becerra Bera Capps Chaffetz Cleaver 
Crawford Donovan Murphy (PA) Noem Tipton 
Tsongas Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1916 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1335, STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND IN-CREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISH-ERIES MANAGEMENT ACT 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 274 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 274 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fisher-men, and for other purposes. The first read-ing of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be con-fined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Natural Resources now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–16. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules ac-companying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.054 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3492 May 20, 2015 
amendment adopted in the Committee of the 
Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa). The gentleman from 
Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 274 
provides a structured rule for consider-ation of the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexi-bility in Fisheries Management Act. The rule makes in order eight amend-ments, five of which are from Demo-cratic sponsors. One of the amend-ments is a Democrat substitute, which will be debated for twice as long as the other amendments. 
As someone who has lived his whole 
life on the Gulf Coast, I can tell you just how important this bill is. For many people who live on our Nation’s coast, this bill is about a way of life. 
This bill is for our Nation’s commer-
cial fishermen, who depend on a reli-able fishing stock in order to make a living. This bill is also for our Nation’s charter boat fleets, which are an im-portant source of tourism. That means jobs, Mr. Speaker, and all too often people in this town and government scientists seem not to care about that. 
Just as importantly, this bill is for 
our recreational fishermen and every-day anglers who just enjoy spending time on the waters. For my family, this is a lifelong tradition. I remember fishing with my dad on the Gulf of Mexico. I treasured opportunities to fish with my four children, and as a new grandfather, I look forward to fish-ing with my grandson. 
This is a good bill, and as a former 
member of the committee of jurisdic-tion, the Natural Resources Com-mittee, I can tell you that a great amount of time and effort have gone into this bill. This process started over 2 years ago, and there was a lot of work to bring our parties together to get a bill that everyone can agree on. 
Unfortunately, as happens far too 
often here in Washington, my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have decided to make this into a par-tisan fight. President Obama has said he will veto this bill. All this despite real efforts to work together, across 
the aisle, to get a bill that works for everyone. 
Now I want to briefly talk about the 
idea of science that the President and my colleagues on the other side claim the bill undermines. All too often here in D.C., what passes for science is just political ideology dressed up with some technical language with no real basis in observable data. 
I don’t know if the gentleman from 
Colorado has ever been fishing for red snapper in the Gulf Coast—if he hasn’t, then I invite him to do so—but I can tell you that there are more red snap-per there than there has ever been be-fore. Despite that good news, NOAA and the Federal Government is consist-ently undercounting the number of fish in the Gulf of Mexico. 
Here is the craziest part of all: NOAA 
is not sampling for red snapper on reefs, despite the fact that the red snapper is a reef fish. That is simply absurd. If you look for red snapper somewhere other than the reefs, you are not going to find them because they live on reefs. 
Now, NOAA is also overestimating 
the number of red snapper caught each year. For example, last year the Fed-eral Government estimated that 1,041,000 pounds of red snapper were caught off the coast of Alabama, where I am from. The Alabama red snapper reporting system, which is run by the State, only estimated a catch of 418,000 pounds. That is a remarkable disparity. 
So what has happened is a very dan-
gerous combination of NOAA under-estimating how many fish are actually out there and overestimating the num-ber of fish caught each year. This has resulted in a dramatically shortened season for our red snapper fisherman. Last year’s red snapper season was only 9 days. This year it has been in-creased to 10 days. That is simply un-acceptable. 
I support science-based management, 
and the committee supports science- based management, but I don’t support and the committee doesn’t support flawed science-based management. And this House shouldn’t either. 
So that is why I get so frustrated 
when I hear my colleagues say that this bill undermines good science. Come tell that to my fishermen on the Gulf Coast. Come tell that to the ma-rine scientists on the Gulf Coast who have done extensive scientific research on this. 
This bill is important because it in-
cludes real reforms that are designed to get some better science for all of our fisheries, not only as it relates to red snapper, but as it relates to the fish-eries all around the United States of America. Why don’t we encourage stronger partnerships with local col-leges and universities that have done great work in the past? 
Mr. Speaker, I do want to touch on 
that red snapper issue a little more be-cause it is so important to the people I represent, and it is very important to debate on this bill. This bill includes 
three important reforms that local sci-entists, stakeholders, and I believe will get us a real red snapper season. Num-ber one, it repeals inflexible quotas that have been in place up to this point. Number two, it creates jurisdic-tional parity by expanding State waters out to 9 nautical miles gulfwide. Number three, it shifts the stock as-sessment and data collection respon-sibilities from the Federal Government and gives those responsibilities to the Gulf States so we can get some real science, not flawed science. 
Far too often people in Washington 
think we know best; people in Wash-ington think we have all the answers. This is an issue where that simply is not the case. This bill empowers our Nation’s fishing communities and gives them the flexibility they need. 
So regardless of whether or not you 
go fishing, this issue should matter to all Americans because this issue is about freedom and limiting the role of the Federal Government in areas where it just doesn’t belong. 
This is an extremely fair rule. I urge 
its support, Mr. Speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. The gentleman from Ala-
bama said there are more red snapper than there have ever been before, and that would seem to indicate that the policies are working, and I don’t think it is a time to reverse course. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), the ranking 
member of the Natural Resources Sub-committee on Water, Power, and Oceans and the author of the Demo-cratic substitute, which is a cleaner re-authorization. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Colorado. 
Like the gentleman from Alabama, I 
do represent a coastal district, a fish-ing district. In fact, the Second Dis-trict of California includes about one- third of the California coastline and many working harbors and ports where fishing men and women have been catching fish with their families for many, many generations, as well as the Native American tribes that I rep-resent, who have been depending on healthy fisheries for hundreds, if not thousands, of years. 
So this is important to me. I share 
the gentleman’s concern that we con-tinue to make fishing available for our-selves and for future generations. We have some disagreements on how to get there, and we will talk about that. 
I think the thing that we have to rec-
ognize at the outset of this debate is that the Magnuson-Stevens Act has been a great success by just about any measure. It succeeded initially in help-ing us protect and rebuild fisheries from the threat of foreign fleets that were coming into U.S. waters and over-fishing and harming our American fish-ing communities and fishing families. It then went on to succeed in pre-venting overfishing by U.S. fishermen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.056 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3493 May 20, 2015 
by a number of mechanisms in the bill 
that we will talk about in a moment. 
The other way in which Magnuson- 
Stevens has been a huge success is that it has always been bipartisan. Both the original act and the subsequent reau-thorizations of Magnuson-Stevens have always been strongly bipartisan. And unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we are de-parting from that positive history with the bill we have before us today, and we need to get it back on track. 
b1930 
The keys to Magnuson-Stevens’ suc-
cess have included strict rules on re-building of fishery stocks and also very strict fishery specific quotas, so that we can make sure that we prevent overfishing and ensure a sustainable fishery population. This is not so that we stop fishing, quite the contrary. The purpose of these mechanisms is so that we can continue to fish for future generations by maintaining sustain-able populations. 
Absent these mechanisms, these very 
successful provisions in Magnuson-Ste-vens’ history teaches us what would happen. We have a history that is played out over and over again in this country and, frankly, around the world—that, without strict protections for sustainable fish populations, we will overfish them, we will deplete them. 
It puts us on a path where the trag-
edy of the commons plays out over and over again, and the end result of that is fisheries closures. We are not helping the folks who want to fish. When we don’t manage these populations, we are actually hurting them in the long run. 
Now, Democrats have put forward a 
substitute amendment that is much closer to a clean reauthorization of Magnuson-Stevens. We think that is really the conversation we need to be having. What kind of clean reauthor-ization can we have? And are there consensus areas where we can actually improve Magnuson-Stevens? 
The gentleman from Alabama might 
be surprised to find Democrats strong-ly agreeing with him, that we could benefit from additional science, better science. There may be better data available on the red snapper in the Gulf. We are also working with Repub-licans to try to get that science and make it available to the decision-makers who set those rules for that fishery. 
There is also more than meets the 
eye, even for that red snapper fishery because, while you are talking about a small number of days for recreational fishermen in Federal waters, you have got a much greater number of days in State waters. 
You also can fish for red snapper and 
any other species just about any day you want. When you are in Federal waters, you can only keep them during those certain number of days. The rea-son for that is because approximately half the fish caught are reserved for commercial fishermen who have made their case to the regional council that 
it is only fair that about half the fish ought to be available to them and about half the fish are allocated to rec-reational fishermen. 
In those small number of days, be-
lieve it or not, the recreational folks catch almost the same amount of fish that the commercial fishermen catch during a much greater number of days. There is always a little more than meets the eye. You hear sensational statistics perhaps about the very small number of days available. There is, 
frankly, much more to the story. 
Where we do agree is, if we can get 
better data, better science, better mon-itoring, all of this should be subject to discussion and revision in the councils. That is the flexibility of the Magnuson- Stevens Act, and that ought to be something that we can work on here together. 
Unfortunately, though, Mr. Speaker, 
we have a Republican bill that is tak-ing away some of the key provisions of the act that have actually been the very source of its great success over the years, so that heads in a wrong di-rection. 
Then, unfortunately, we have the 
obligatory runs at NEPA and various environmental laws, including the An-tiquities Act. This is no place to be carrying out that endless assault on America’s environmental laws. 
Let’s get back to that point of con-
sensus, sustainable management of our fisheries. If we can do that, I think we have something we can work on to-gether in this House. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s com-
ments. It is very important that we try to find ways to try to work together when the form of this bill that we worked on in the committee last year, which is almost identical to the one that we adopted this year, was before the Natural Resources Committee. 
In Mr. D
EFAZIO’s opening statement, 
he said: 
Thank you, Chairman, and I appreciate the 
changes that were negotiated on a number of provisions in the bill. 
Then he said: 
This has been traditionally a very bipar-
tisan exercise, and this is, in good part, bi-partisan. 
Mr. P ALLONE , same time, his opening 
statement in the committee last year on a virtually identical bill was: 
I do want to say that I do appreciate the 
fact that you reach out to us on the Demo-cratic side of the aisle; and many of the pro-visions, as you mentioned, that are in the bill did come from input from the Demo-cratic side. 
The gentleman referenced the sub-
stitute: 
The substitute has been made in order and 
has given more time than anything else for us to debate. 
We have really leaned over back-
wards, particularly when you consider that the majority of amendments that we have made in order in this rule are amendments offered by the Democrats. Now, I appreciate that the gentleman 
has a substitute—and we are going to give him an opportunity to talk about it—but if you look at his substitute, we might as well call his substitute ‘‘The Environmental Litigation and Fish-eries Disaster Creation Act of 2015’’ be-cause that is what it is going to do. 
This amendment would allow the 
Secretary of Commerce to accept out-side funds from NGOs to support coop-erative research projects. This gives the litigation community of the world an avenue to influence NOAA decision making. 
This amendment requires the Sec-
retary of Commerce to ignore current procedure and forces the Secretary to retroactively declare a fishery disaster in California from a January 2004 emer-gency proclamation on California drought. 
Mr. H
UFFMAN ’s amendment seems to 
single out and blame the Central Val-ley Project for a fishery disaster. As we all know, there are many factors for fish declines, mainly including ocean conditions. 
This amendment seeks to blame 
farmers for a fishery disaster. Above all, this amendment erases the flexi-bilities, transparency, and science im-provements made in the underlying bill, but we give him the opportunity to make his case before this House to show our willingness to work with them. 
I was greatly surprised when I read 
the Statement of Administration Pol-icy that we received from the adminis-tration when we were marking this bill up in Rules Committee yesterday, and I was most surprised at what they had to say about the snapper language. Now, that language came from me. I asked the committee to put it in the bill, and I am greatly appreciative of the fact that they did. 
Remember what I said about what 
the science has done to our fishery in the Gulf of Mexico. Here is what the administration says: 
H.R. 1335 would also severely undermine 
the authority of the Gulf of Mexico Regional Fishery Management Council by extending State jurisdiction over the recreational red snapper fishery to 9 miles in the Gulf of Mex-ico. We intend to give the States more au-thority by going out. 
Now, yes, that would give us some 
flexibility for the fishing out there, but a lot of the reefs that these red snap-pers grow on are further out than 9 miles, so it doesn’t solve the whole problem. 
The administration goes on to say: 
This proposed extension of jurisdiction 
would create an untenable situation where recreational and commercial fishermen fish-ing side by side would be subject to different regulatory regimes. 
How do they know in advance what 
the States are going to do? Why do they presume that that is going to be the case? They do so because they have such an aversion to the States having any control, any input, in the way that this fishery is governed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.112 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3494 May 20, 2015 
They go on to say: 
Absent an agreement among the States as 
to how to allocate recreationally caught red snapper, the bill would encourage interstate conflict and jeopardize the sustainability of this gulfwide resource. 
No one has a greater stake in making 
sure we keep this fish stock healthy than those of us that live on the Gulf Coast do. Whether we are in commer-cial fishing, whether we are in charter boat fishing, whether we are in rec-reational fishing, if we overfish this stock, it is gone; I won’t get to fish it with my grandson. 
Future commercial fishermen won’t 
get to make money off of this and pro-vide jobs. Charter boat people won’t be able to come down to the beach and enjoy themselves. No one wants that to happen. 
The administration presumes that we 
are going to be so self-defeating that we would allow that to happen. I am greatly disappointed that, after all the work we did to solve this problem that was created by the government sci-entists, that still the administration is attacking us, still they are trying to keep us from solving this problem. 
I appreciate what the gentleman had 
to say. I think we should try to work together on every bill we try to pass in this House; but, at some point, we have got to stand up for people who fish in this country. We have a right to fish in the waters of the United States, and the waters of the United States don’t belong to the government scientists; they belong to the people of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Here we are debating the gutting of 
the Magnuson-Stevens Act, which both sides agree has successfully helped re-store some of our counts of wild stock, including snapper. It hardly seems the time to reverse course without any sci-entific evidence that, somehow, we will get to a different place than we were when Congress wrote the Magnuson- Stevens Act to address the very issue, which it seems to be successfully ad-dressing. 
The gentleman from Alabama men-
tioned some remarks from Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO. I wanted to be clear that then- 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO opposed a 
similar bill, this similar bill, in the last Congress. I am not sure of the con-text of the remarks he made, but he stood here on the floor urging his col-leagues to oppose the bill. He opposed it as well in committee. 
He was not happy with the result last 
time; he is not happy with the result this time, nor is our new ranking mem-ber of either the subcommittee or the committee. I should add it passed out of committee without a single Demo-cratic vote. To be clear, there was not a bipartisan effort in committee to talk about the best policy with regard to fisheries. 
Now, before I jump into the debate 
about fish populations and fisheries in our oceans—something I have to admit, 
as representing the landlocked State of Colorado, I had to take a crash course on in the last few days—I want to talk about some of the events from the last week that I think should merit con-gressional attention. 
One item that happened in the last 
week is a 16-year-old student from the Atlanta Public School system in Geor-gia was attacked in his courtyard just because he was gay. A crowd sur-rounded to watch as 15 people beat this young person into a bloody pulp while yelling derogatory slurs at him. 
Again, we could be addressing that 
through passing the Student Non-Dis-crimination Act or the antibullying act from Representative S
ANCHEZ , but in-
stead, we are talking about gutting Magnuson-Stevens’ protections of our fisheries. 
Also this week, a south Texas family 
detention facility, similar to facilities in other parts of the country for immi-grants who were caught in the wrong place at the wrong time, testimony came out that women and children were severely punished, abused, and ne-glected. We could be pursuing deten-tion reform or immigration reform; but, again, we are not. 
This last week, Los Angeles raised its 
minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now, in LA, that puts families closer to a liv-ing wage, but the bad news is this Con-gress refuses to take up any minimum wage hike. Whether it is a $12 proposal, which Democrats put forward, whether it is a $10.10 proposal, whether it is even a $9 proposal, this Congress has not, instead of bringing forward a bill to increase the minimum wage—by the way, when somebody works full time at minimum wage, they earn about $14,500 a year. I don’t know what we are say-ing to people where you work full time and we are forcing you to rely on gov-ernment programs to subsist. 
Republicans are keeping people on 
public housing, on food stamps, on wel-fare, rather than helping them support their own way and regaining their dig-nity in the process, which is what rais-ing the minimum wage would do; but, no, we are not talking about that here today. We are talking about gutting the Magnuson-Stevens Act. 
21,000 gallons of oil spilled in the Pa-
cific Ocean off the coast of Santa Bar-bara County—that is probably not good for the fish there either—following the eruption of an 11-mile long under-ground pipeline; but, instead of talking about a renewable energy future, in-stead of talking about ending our reli-ance on fossil fuels or a national re-newable energy portfolio standard, we are talking about gutting our fisheries protection and gutting the Magnuson- Stevens Act. 
Tragically, we had funerals for eight 
people who were killed in the derail-ment of the Amtrak train in Pennsyl-vania; our House observed a moment of silence earlier on that, but rather than discussing measures that can prevent future derailment accidents—and I un-derstand there is some technology 
that, when implemented, could have helped avoid this kind of accident— here we are again, discussing gutting the Magnuson-Stevens Act that has successfully protected our wild fish-eries and helped restore some of the stock so that precisely the recreational and charter fishermen and the gen-tleman from Alabama can continue to enjoy fishing. Absent the support of the Magnuson-Stevens Act, it is likely we would not be able to support the level of recreational and commercial fishing that we can today. 
Seven people were shot in Baltimore 
yesterday amid a recent spike in vio-lence following the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody; but, in-stead of addressing nonlethal use of force or video cameras on police offi-cers, we are discussing gutting the Magnuson-Stevens Act. 
We all know that the Federal high-
way reauthorization is running up against the May 31 deadline. The body of this Congress chose to renew it for 60 days and just created another crisis in another 59 days; yet we are not dis-cussing what a deal would look like, a bipartisan deal, for a longer-term reau-thorization of the Federal highway trust fund. 
b1945 
One hundred eighty Democrats 
signed a discharge petition for a bill that seeks to renew the charter of the Export-Import Bank, a critical driver for job creation and American competi-tiveness, fully permissible under WTO rules, under proposed trade agreement rules. Other countries have these kinds of banks, and to unilaterally disarm would cost American jobs. But instead of talking about how Congress gets out of this political box on the Export-Im-port Bank, we are discussing gutting the Magnuson-Stevens fisheries protec-tion legislation. 
This Congress could do a lot better 
with regard to dealing with issues that I hear about from my constituents every day, day in and day out, whether that is fixing our broken immigration system, whether it is protecting our country from terrorism, whether it is preventing future Amtrak derailments. Those are the kinds of topics that, I think, the American people want to see us discussing here today rather than gutting an important piece of legisla-tion which many charter fishermen, 
recreational fishermen, and commer-cial fishermen applaud in having suc-cessfully sustained their livelihoods or their passions for the last generation. 
Let’s talk about fish. The bill we are looking at today 
would devastate our wild fisheries. It would make our waters much more of a ‘‘free for all.’’ Under the guise of flexi-bility, it would allow for the over-fishing of critical species, risking not only their sustainability and the future enjoyment of recreational fishermen but also the health of entire eco-systems that rely on the fish stocks that we are debating. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.114 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3495 May 20, 2015 
It would set an alarming precedent 
for the circumvention of our bedrock environmental laws by allowing fishery management councils to supersede NEPA, the National Environmental Policy Act; the Endangered Species Act; the Antiquities Act; and the Na-tional Marine Sanctuaries Act. 
The Fishery Conservation and Man-
agement Act was introduced in 1976 to stop unregulated fishing that had de-monstrably led to the depletion across a number of wild fisheries. In both 1996 and 2007, the legislation was reauthor-ized—bipartisan bills again. This bill passed committee without a single Democratic vote. Each time, through a comprehensive drafting process, good ideas from both sides of the aisle were put to paper. 
Ironically, the one thing that, I 
think, the gentleman from Alabama and I can agree on is that the 2007 au-thorization has been successful. We have shown the increased health of our wild fish stocks. So the question is: Do we want to reverse course and jeop-ardize that, or do we want to move for-ward with scientific-backed evidence? 
Unfortunately, the Republicans are 
trying to make sweeping changes to gut the Magnuson-Stevens Fisheries Protection Act. This iteration of the bill was drafted with almost no Demo-cratic input, and it passed out of com-mittee without a single Democratic vote. 
Look, if we want to go through this 
kind of exercise with a bill that the President has said he would veto—a bill that breaks with the proud bipar-tisan tradition of fisheries protection— why aren’t we spending time on some of the issues I mentioned earlier, like immigration reform, like protecting LGBT students from discrimination, like socioeconomic disparities in our country, how we can deal with mental health among returning veterans who fought overseas, or the risk of ter-rorism here at home? Let’s do that. 
If we are going to talk fish, Mr. 
Speaker, let’s at least bring up a bill that has been drafted by all stake-holders. Let’s at least bring up a bill that ensures that the fishing commu-nity will have an industry in 10 years, in 20 years, in 50 years—a bill that pro-tects the interests of our recreational fishermen and that preserves the health of our oceans for the enjoyment of all Americans and for the health of our planet now into the future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I was listening to the gentleman 
from Colorado speak. We heard about immigration, minimum wage, LGBT, renewable energy, highways, the Ex-Im Bank, and a little bit about fish. This is a bill about fish. It is not about all of that stuff. 
We have heard from our friends on 
the other side of the aisle that we in the majority are using too many com-bined rules, where you have more than one bill in the rule, which they say confuses the debate and distracts from 
the individual merits of each bill and the process by which it will be consid-ered. I have just got to tell you that it seems to me we had a lot of confusion and distraction with the interjection into this debate of a bunch of issues that have nothing to do with fishing. Today, we have one rule covering one bill; yet the gentleman just spent the majority of his time discussing issues not covered in the rule before us. 
Let me tell you that the people in my 
area are suffering. Charter boat people have lost their boats. Dads who want to take their children fishing can’t take their children fishing. It is destroying a way of life for people. I am not saying those other issues aren’t important, that they are not serious, but they are not covered by this rule, and they are not in this bill. We need to debate that. 
The gentleman said something about 
the 2007 act, that it was successful. Let me tell you what it has been successful in doing. It has taken a summer red snapper season and reduced it to 10 days. That is what it has been success-ful in doing. It has been successful in almost decimating our charter boat fleets and in putting a lot of people out of work. I hear a lot from the other side about needing to put people to work. The people on these charter boats work. They lost their jobs be-cause of this. It was successful all right. It was successful in destroying something that worked for people for generations. 
I have great respect for my fellow 
colleague from Colorado who is on the Rules Committee. I know he doesn’t get to fish much in the Gulf of Mexico, but I extend an invitation to him. I will take him out there and let him catch some red snapper. I believe, Mr. Speaker, once he does that, he will be as enthusiastic for this bill as I am. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to inquire if the gentleman has any further speakers or is prepared to close. 
Mr. BYRNE. Yes, Mr. Speaker, I am 
prepared to close. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
I invite the gentleman from Alabama 
to come to Colorado to fish our won-derful mountain trout, which we have in our streams and rivers. Obviously, he is no stranger to a different kind of fisheries management policy where, of course, our economy in Colorado relies on fishing and sportsmen as well, and I certainly understand that driver of jobs locally. 
I think the disconnect here is that 
the gentleman talks about what the 2007 Magnuson-Stevens bill has accom-plished in that it has reduced the num-ber of days that people can fish. That was the action that was taken. The ef-fect of that is that the wild stocks are up, so there are more snapper. I think both sides agree on that. I believe there is a direct causal link to the fact that there are more snapper because there have been fewer that have been taken 
out of the water. If we manage our fish-eries for the short term, if we throw caution to the wind, people might have a good season or two, but it simply won’t be there either for the future generation of recreationists or for those whose livelihoods depend on a viable commercial fishing stock. 
Now, this bill is about fish. If this 
rule allowed for the discussion of some of the other bills I mentioned, I could support it. If this bill allowed a debate of #raisethewage, either to our Demo-cratic proposal of a $12 an hour min-imum wage or to whatever number the gentleman from Alabama would like— if he would like to propose $9 an hour, $8.50—I would be willing to support this rule, or if it even allowed 2 minutes of debate for raising the minimum wage. 
Mr. Speaker, I would support this bill 
if it allowed for us to consider our bi-partisan immigration reform measure. If we allowed that debate under this bill, I would do that. I would support this rule if it allowed debate about the Student Nondiscrimination Act to make sure that LGBT students don’t face bullying in our schools and so that it is a safe learning environment for all students. I would support this rule if it addressed what we have learned from the Amtrak derailment and prevented future derailments and saved lives. 
None of those items, along with 
countless others, are included under this rule. In fact, all of the amend-ments under this rule, as well as the underlying bill, are related to fish. 
No, I don’t know deny that fish are 
important. We might be discussing our mountain trout someday here on the floor of the House and defending the President’s efforts around clean water or on protecting some of our water-sheds in Colorado. We have a lot of in-terest in protecting our fishing stock as well. But I would be proud to be able to bring forth some of the priorities that I hear from my constituents that are so critical. 
Rather than continually bringing up 
bills that attack the integrity of our environment—in this case, a bill that would gut the fisheries protections that have been afforded under the Mag-nuson-Stevens Act and that both sides have acknowledged have successfully helped restore the red snapper popu-lation—I would hope that perhaps our next rule will allow us to raise the minimum wage, that perhaps our next rule will allow us to consider immigra-tion reform, that perhaps our next rule will help us deal with the bullying in schools, that perhaps our next rule will save lives and prevent future derailments, and so many other issues. 
I say to my colleagues that this par-
ticular bill needs to go back to the drawing board. It needs to go back to the drawing board to have a bipartisan effort in a committee I serve on, the Natural Resources Committee, to in-clude priorities from both sides and good science and continue to build upon the legacy of success that the 2007 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.115 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3496 May 20, 2015 
bipartisan reauthorization of the Mag-
nuson-Stevens Act has had in increas-ing the health of our wild fishing stocks. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
I was listening very carefully to the 
gentleman from Colorado, and I accept his invitation to go trout fishing. I would love to do that. Fishing of all kind is great for everybody to do, and I appreciate his invitation. 
The reason we have the problem we 
have today is not because the Federal Government knows how many fish are out there. It doesn’t. Remember what I said earlier—this is a reef fish, and they don’t sample for reef fish on reefs. So, if you don’t sample for reef fish on reefs, you are not going to find the fish. Now, we know there are so many fish out there because we haven’t been allowed to fish them and that snapper are not only eating other species but they are eating other snapper. 
What our scientists have done is they 
have actually gone out there with sub-mersible vehicles with high-def cam-eras, and they count the fish on the reef and sample them that way. They have a real number. They do a real sampling so they get accurate data, and these government scientists don’t. 
My friend said that we should go 
back to the drawing board. We have waited too long already. We should have done this last year so that we could have had a real snapper season this year. If we wait again, we won’t have a snapper season next year, and that is not acceptable. We have enough fish out there—and the science from our region has proven it—to have a real snapper season. It is not just about snapper. We have these problems in other areas of the fishery that need to be taken care of and taken care of in a responsible way. No one is more envi-ronmentally conscious than someone who hunts and fishes, because that is where we get our enjoyment, and we want it to be there for us and for our children and, now that I have a grand-son, for my grandchildren. 
I have appreciated this debate today. 
I always welcome the opportunity to draw attention to some of the real issues which are affecting my constitu-ents back on the Gulf Coast. To some people up here, this issue doesn’t mean much. To some people, they only listen to the political talking points put out by lobbyists or by political parties or by environmental groups. But to the small restaurant employees in Gulf Shores or to the charter boat captain in Orange Beach or to the gas station in Foley or to the condo owners on Dauphin Island or to the thousands of families who spend time fishing on the Gulf Coast and all around our country, this bill is critically important. This 
bill is about getting the Federal Gov-ernment off our backs so that we can fish. 
Let’s not fall back into another polit-
ical debate. Let’s come together on be-half of our Nation’s coastal commu-
nities. Let’s get some real relief for our fishermen. I encourage my colleagues to support this rule and to support this commonsense bill and to support the people of America and their freedom to fish in our waters. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b2000 
HONORING THE LIFE OF 
CORPORAL SARA MEDINA 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, today it 
is with great sorrow that I rise to mark the loss of one of Aurora’s brightest lights. On May 12, 2015, while per-forming relief work following the Nepal earthquake, Corporal Sara Abi-gail Medina and five other marines tragically lost their lives in a heli-copter crash. 
Corporal Medina was from Aurora, Il-
linois, and graduated from East Aurora High School in 2010. While still in high school, she decided to serve her coun-try by joining the Marines. 
In the face of such a tragedy, we 
often ask why; and to paraphrase the President, whenever a disaster strikes, the world looks to America to lead be-cause of our extraordinary people who rise to the challenge. 
As a father, I know that no words 
that I say on this floor will be able to fill the hole in the hearts of all those who knew and loved Sara, but still we must speak because all should know that Corporal Sara Medina gave her last full measure of devotion in service to her country, helping those who needed it most. 
For her sacrifice and for her family’s 
terrible loss, we offer our condolences and thanks of a grateful nation. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
NEWHOUSE ). The Chair will entertain 
Special Order speeches without preju-dice to the resumption of legislative business. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from 
New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I am so pleased to join with my distinguished colleague, the gentle-woman from Florida, as we discuss an issue of great importance to my dis-trict and, quite frankly, to every Mem-ber of Congress: transportation infra-structure. 
Last week our Nation endured a ter-
rible tragedy as Amtrak Northeast Re-gional train 188 derailed in Philadel-phia on its way to Trenton en route to New York. That accident killed eight Americans, including one of my con-stituents, injured more than 200, and disrupted service on the busiest rail corridor in the Nation for nearly a week. 
In the days since the accident, inves-
tigators have indicated that high speeds may have played a significant role in the derailment, speeds that were more than double the limit in that stretch of the track. My col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have used those details to deflect at-tention away from discussing our Na-tion’s investments, or the lack thereof, in rail and all of our other surface transportation infrastructure. 
Mr. Speaker, burying our heads in 
the sand and waiting until an accident indisputably caused by lack of funding or maintenance to discuss that funding is dangerous, irresponsible, and, frank-ly, unacceptable: dangerous because millions of Americans every day are driving across dilapidated bridges, riding on outdated trains, and stuck in endless traffic when traveling to work, to school, and medical care; irrespon-sible because news coverage and the looming highway trust fund depletion have made transportation infrastruc-ture a national focus; unacceptable be-cause transportation infrastructure has traditionally been a bipartisan issue that affects how every single one of our constituents gets where they need to go. Still we stand here today waiting for the House majority to bring forth a good-faith, comprehensive surface transportation reauthorization that makes investments to give us the transportation system—rail, car, air, and sea—that we need. 
Transportation infrastructure is crit-
ical for the businesses and employers in our district that ship goods to con-sumers across the globe. Transpor-tation infrastructure creates good-pay-ing jobs here, jobs that can’t be outsourced, and jobs that will actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.116 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3497 May 20, 2015 
give working Americans a chance to 
climb into the middle class and be-yond. 
But like I mentioned earlier, my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle would rather have us wait until an ac-cident that we can attribute to infra-structure decay to invest in our roads, our bridges, and our railways. In fact, a Los Angeles Times report recently noted that the last time Congress sig-nificantly increased Amtrak funding was 2008, following the 2008 Union Pa-cific-Metrolink crash in California that killed 25 people. 
This year, the day following the 
Philadelphia crash, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle voted to cut Amtrak funding by one-fifth. That is wrong; it is just plain wrong. It is in-sane, and it is out of touch. 
Earlier this year, my Congressional 
Progressive Caucus colleagues and I in-troduced the People’s Budget, a budget that would fix our economy so that it will once again provide opportunity for everyday working class Americans. A key provision in the People’s Budget was an investment of $820 billion to close our Nation’s infrastructure gap, funded by raising the gas tax by just 15 cents for the first time in more than two decades so that we can maintain and improve our Nation’s infrastruc-ture. 
Unfortunately, instead of the Peo-
ple’s Budget, Congress passed a far more dangerous Republican budget; and unfortunately, our infrastructure continues to crumble. Our roads are frequently congested, limiting produc-tivity for millions of American work-ers; our airports appear run down com-pared to their competitors in Europe and Asia; and rail speeds around the world have long eclipsed even Amtrak’s fastest trains. 
Our bridges continue to deteriorate 
and present real safety hazards, and our ports are in terrible disrepair, hav-ing negative economic impact. In fact, a report last week in The New York Times noted that while the train that derailed was traveling well above the speed limit, at 106 miles per hour, its speed was about half of the average speed of a French train from Paris to Marseille. 
Federal and State investments in in-
frastructure have plunged in recent years, even as economists have re-peated over and over and over again that infrastructure spending would bring massive economic benefits and overhaul our transportation networks. This has to change before it is too late, Mr. Speaker. 
The Congressional Progressive Cau-
cus is here on the floor today to im-plore our colleagues to put transpor-tation spending front and center. I know that the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. B
ROWN ) agrees with me. I want 
to thank her for her leadership as a member of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. N
ADLER ), who shares our passion about the importance of fund-
ing a comprehensive transportation bill. 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, for well over a decade 
we have failed to adequately invest in transportation infrastructure. Accord-ing to DOT, there is an $808 billion backlog of investment needs on high-ways and bridges, including $480 billion in critical repair work. Public transit has an $86 billion backlog of critical maintenance and repair needs, which increases by $2.5 billion each year as bus and rail infrastructure ages. 
The American Society of Civil Engi-
neers has given U.S. infrastructure an overall grade of D-minus because 54 percent of our major roads are rated poor or mediocre. One out of every four bridges in the United States, or 147,000 bridges, is structurally deficient or functionally obsolete, and 45 percent of Americans do not have access to tran-sit. 
Federal land management agencies 
need over $11 billion to address deferred maintenance needs on our roads and bridges. The Federal Highway Adminis-tration estimates that the cost of up-grading and repairing our deteriorating bridges is over $106 billion. An invest-ment of $20 billion annually by all lev-els of government is needed through 2030 to draw down the backlog. 
Bringing existing transit assets just 
up to a state of good repair will require an annualized investment level of $18.5 billion through the year 2030, an amount far in excess of current funding levels. An additional $4.3 billion over current spending levels from all levels of government is needed annually to eliminate the current backlog by 2030. 
To accommodate future transit rider-
ship growth and preserve transit sys-tems, as much as $24.5 billion per year would need to be invested compared to only $14.2 billion currently invested, a gap of $10 billion a year. 
The cost to our economy of not meet-
ing our infrastructure needs is great. According to the 2013 American Soci-ety of Civil Engineers report, 42 per-cent of America’s major urban high-ways remain congested. Congestion costs commuters $121 billion a year in wasted time and fuel, or an average of $818 per commuter. I would guarantee you each commuter would rather spend the equivalent amount in taxes than waste that money sitting on a clogged highway. 
In 2011, congestion caused urban 
Americans to travel 5.5 billion hours more and to purchase an extra 2.9 bil-lion gallons of unnecessary fuel. With-out existing transit services in place in 2011, travelers would have suffered an additional 865 million hours of delays and consumed 450 million more gallons of fuel. 
Despite the condition of our infra-
structure system caused by years of underinvestment, we are spending way too little today on roads, bridges, tran-sit, and rail. The highway trust fund currently collects about $35 billion per 
year for the highway account and $5 billion for the transit account. Accord-ing to CBO, the highway trust fund faces a shortfall of about $170 billion over the next 10 years. By 2020, the highway trust fund’s purchasing power will have dropped by nearly half since 1990 because of inflation at a time when the country’s population will have in-creased 30 percent. 
We currently spend about $50 billion 
a year on highways and transit, and most of the recent fights over revenue for the transportation bill have been merely to fill the gap to maintain cur-rent funding levels. The discussion should be much broader. It should be about how we can fund the program at a higher level to eliminate the backlog, increase capacity, meet a state of good repair, and eliminate the congestion in this country. 
Today, this country spends about 1.7 
percent of GDP of the entire economy on infrastructure. We used to spend al-most 4 percent on infrastructure. Eu-rope is spending 4 to 5 percent, and China is spending 9 percent. Who do you think, 30 years from now, is going to have a competitive economic system which depends on adequate up-to-date competitive transportation infrastruc-ture and broadband? 
In particular, for example, we have 
been underinvesting in our rail infra-structure as well. The passenger rail system needs at least $52 billion, or $2.5 billion per year for 20 years, just to meet ridership demands such as capac-ity improvements, such as tunnels to New York and to bring the system into a state of good repair. Of that amount, $21 billion is necessary for the backlog of projects on the Northeast corridor. 
The Northeast corridor serves 51 mil-
lion people and is the major corridor for Amtrak in the country. The $21 bil-lion for the backlog of projects in-cludes $13.8 billion in major infrastruc-ture project backlog and $7.2 billion in basic infrastructure backlog. 
b2015 
Some of these major project needs in-
clude $1.5 billion to replace the Balti-more and Potomac Tunnel, which dates back to 1873; $950 million to replace the Gunpowder and Bush River Bridges; $850 million to replace the Susque-hanna River Bridge; $350 million to re-place the Highline Bridge and add a fourth track between Newark and New York; $750 million to replace the Portal Bridge, which can stop the entire Northeast corridor if it should fail; $1 billion for catenary, communication, and signal upgrades and bridge replace-ments near New Haven; $2.8 billion in upgrades to other movable bridges; $1.8 billion in additional catenary upgrades from Washington, D.C., to New York. 
All this is basic backlog, just to 
make sure that the current system continues to operate and doesn’t fail. Additional funding over and above the $21 billion backlog, for a total of $64 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.118 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3498 May 20, 2015 
billion, is needed for service improve-
ments and projected increases in ca-pacity on the Northeast corridor; yet Amtrak gets just $1.4 billion in the an-nual appropriations bill—or less than 2 percent of Federal transportation fund-ing. 
The Appropriations Committee rec-
ommended the other day that this be reduced to $1.1 billion, with a $64 bil-lion backlog. 
The fiscal year 2016 transportation 
appropriations bill, just marked up in committee the day after the accident north of Philadelphia, cuts capital funding for Amtrak by $290 million, providing only $1.1 billion in FY 2016, $1 billion below the President’s re-quest. 
The President’s request for this 
year’s budget includes $5 billion for rail. Half of that is for Amtrak, to bring the system to a state of good re-pair, including $550 billion for the Northeast corridor. 
As we await the results of the full in-
vestigation, the tragedy of Amtrak train 188 shows the importance of a re-liable rail system to the Northeast re-gion of this country. We cannot con-tinue the decades of neglect that have left our system desperately under-funded and resulted in a multibillion- dollar backlog to bring the system to a state of good repair. 
It should not require a tragedy to 
spur action to address the glaring defi-ciencies in our transportation and in-frastructure network. We should act before accidents occur. 
Rail safety is not a luxury; it is of 
fundamental importance to our citi-zens and our economy. Thousands of businesses and commuters in the Northeast depend on the rail for com-merce and transportation every day. Congress must finally provide the re-sources necessary for ensuring the safe-ty and reliability of our transportation and infrastructure system. 
While this Congress has failed to 
make transportation funding a pri-ority, the administration has taken the lead and proposed a long-term surface transportation reauthorization bill. 
The GROW AMERICA Act provides a 
total of $478 billion over 6 years, a 45 percent increase for highways, bridges, public transportation, highway safety, and rail programs. It provides $317 bil-lion for programs under the Federal Highway Administration, an increase of 29 percent over current levels. It al-locates $18 billion for a new dedicated multimodal freight system. How is our economy supposed to operate without an efficient freight transportation sys-tem? 
It provides $115 billion for programs 
under the Federal Transit Administra-tion, an increase of 76 percent over cur-rent levels, and significantly boosts New Starts funding. 
It provides $28 billion for programs 
under the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration, $6 billion for vehicle safety programs under the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, $4.7 bil-lion for truck and bus safety programs, 
and $16 billion for the Highway Safety Improvement Program. 
It provides $7.5 for TIGER grants and 
$6 billion for TIFIA that could support $60 billion in loans. It provides $3.5 bil-lion to leverage research and innova-tion to move people. 
Several of the members of the Trans-
portation Committee just introduced the GROW AMERICA Act in the House. Not all of us agree with everything in that bill. 
For example, the Transportation 
Committee’s Special Panel on Freight, which I was the ranking Democrat on, made several unanimous bipartisan recommendations, including providing dedicated guaranteed funding for projects of national and regional sig-nificance. Reauthorizing this program is a top priority for many of us on the committee and should be included in any final bill. 
It is important to start moving a 
long-term bill, where we can have an opportunity to shape these policy pro-visions, and the GROW AMERICA Act would serve as a good starting point. 
The last surface transportation bill, 
MAP–21, expired last fall. The Presi-dent first proposed the GROW AMER-ICA Act last spring to provide an alter-native for MAP–21 before it expired. 
Unfortunately, we failed to reauthor-
ize MAP–21 on time and passed an ex-tension until the end of this month, to give us more time to work on a long- term bill. We just passed another 2- month extension, the 33rd extension, to take us to the end of July. 
We have known for months that this 
day was coming; yet we have made no progress in finding a solution to fund-ing highways, transit, and other impor-tant surface transportation programs. 
MAP–21 itself was only a 2-year bill, 
breaking the tradition of Congress passing 5- or 6-year bills to provide the reliable funding necessary to complete long-term capital plans and projects that require a commitment beyond 1 fiscal year. 
The last time we passed a long-term 
bill was 10 years ago, in 2005, in SAFETEA–LU. That bill was under-funded because of a resistance to rais-ing the gasoline tax and identifying new revenue sources. 
House and Senate leadership couldn’t 
come up with the additional $60 billion needed to fill the gap in the highway trust fund just to do a long-term bill at current levels, but this week, they put on the floor a tax extender that will cost $182 billion over 10 years, com-pletely unpaid for. 
The priorities of this Congress are 
completely out of whack. Our infra-structure is crumbling around us, and the majority continues to spend hun-dreds of billions of dollars on tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy, while leaving transportation funding to with-er on the vine. 
I am concerned we will be back here 
in July having this same conversation. We must demand now that this Con-gress spend the next 2 months, once 
and for all, making transportation funding a priority. 
We must realize that what we have 
based our transportation program on since 1955, the gasoline tax, is a wast-ing asset. It is down 30 percent since 1993 because of inflation, and every year, we use fewer gallons because of an intelligent policy of energy con-servation, of higher mileage per gallon; but that means fewer gallons of gaso-line. We must either raise the gasoline tax or bring in a new source of revenue or both. 
Finally, let me say that interest 
rates are at negative rates now. When interest rates are at negative rates, when you can borrow money and pay it back more cheaply, that is the time to borrow money to invest so that our children inherit not a great debt, but inherit an efficiently functioning econ-omy and an investment in the country that makes the economy function. 
We have always known this. The Re-
publican Party and their precursor, the Whigs, have always known this. They were the party in the 19th century of the American systems. What was the American system? Henry Clay’s system to invest public funds in internal im-provements in roads and canals and bridges and railroads, rather than the European system of letting the private sector do it. 
Abraham Lincoln continued that tra-
dition with the transcontinental rail-road at a time of civil war, and Dwight Eisenhower did the Interstate Highway System, which we are still living with. These were Republican Party projects. I only wish the Republican Party wasn’t completely turning its back on its own heritage. 
We have, for the last century, a bi-
partisan heritage of funding our infra-structure so that the country can grow and the economy can prosper, but the Republican Party seems to have turned this back on this. I urge you to recon-sider. 
Stop turning your back. Join us in 
the Democratic Party in continuing our tradition of making this an econ-omy that can function for all our peo-ple, where people can move and not waste their time sitting in traffic jams, where goods can move and the econ-omy can function, businesses can flour-ish. That is what is at stake. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. N
ADLER , 
first of all, I want to thank you for your comprehensive information about transportation infrastructure. 
In my home State of Florida, we 
bring many visitors to Florida through Amtrak through the Auto Train. We have colleagues on the other side that want to privatize that system, and I want to know how that will affect New York, privatizing that Northeast cor-ridor. 
Mr. NADLER. Well, you have to re-
member the reason why Amtrak was created in the first place. We didn’t have public railroads in the 19th cen-tury. We didn’t have public railroads in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.120 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3499 May 20, 2015 
the first half of the 20th century, but 
by 1960 and 1970, many of the freight railroads were going bankrupt, and cer-tainly, the passenger lines could no longer pay for themselves. They were all going bankrupt. 
Congress faced the reality in 1970 
that if it didn’t create something called Amtrak—it was named Am-trak—but something as a public cor-poration or publicly funded corpora-tion, there would be no passenger rail in the United States. 
The States did the same thing. What 
became various commuter rail agen-cies, like MTA in New York or SEPTA in Philadelphia and others, were cre-ated out of the bankrupt passenger op-erations of the private rail lines. No one could make money at it. 
Amtrak has survived and has flour-
ished in the sense of attracting more and more passengers, and it now has 77 percent of the market against the air-lines in the Northeast corridor; and, thank God, it saves energy and time and congestion, despite the fact that it has been grossly underfunded by Con-gress. 
The only section of Amtrak that 
makes money is the Northeast corridor from Washington to Boston. It sub-sidizes everything else. There would be no rail lines outside the Northeast cor-ridor—not to Florida, not to Chicago, not to Denver, not to any place outside the Washington to Boston corridor—if they had to pay for themselves. 
We, the Northeast corridor, subsidize 
the rest of Amtrak. From my point of view as a New Yorker, I would rather that weren’t the case; but I am an American. I think everybody ought to have the ability to travel and the abil-ity to have an economy that functions, and so we cross-subsidize. 
It would be better if Congress put 
money in and other sections of the country could become self-sustaining in rail, but the fact is the history is that is very difficult. 
I am not aware of any rail system or 
public transit system in the world that isn’t publicly subsidized. We subsidize every transportation system in this country. We subsidize the highway; we subsidize the airlines with the air traf-fic control, and we do it because we know the country has to move. 
If we want an economy that gen-
erates goods and services for people, it has to move. Freight has to move. It has to move by rail. It has to move by barge, by boat. We have to invest in it. 
If Amtrak stops funding the line to 
Florida, that line wouldn’t exist any-more; everything would be on the road. The roads would be more congested; people would waste more time. The one exception to that right now is the Northeast corridor. We are willing, be-cause we are Americans, to participate in a national system, and the rest of the country should be willing, too. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. N
ADLER , 
when I travel to different countries, they always ask us about our freight rail. We are the caboose when it comes to funding Amtrak, and we started the 
rail system, and they don’t use ca-booses any more. 
I don’t understand why it is that we, 
as Members of Congress, don’t under-stand the importance of having a safe, efficient transportation system. Rail has to be a part of it. 
When I think about Katrina and I 
think about over 3,000 people died be-cause they couldn’t move out of harm’s way, that is a reason why we need a comprehensive transportation system in this country. 
Our competition in Florida is not 
Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi— nothing personal to the people here from Georgia. We are competing with people from other countries, and we must develop an efficient rail system in conjunction with all of our other transportation needs 
Mr. NADLER. You are obviously 
completely right, and that is why I quoted the figures I did earlier in my remarks. 
Prior to 1980, roughly, we used to 
spend about 4, 4
1⁄2percent of GDP on 
infrastructure. Now, we are spending 1.7 percent of GDP on infrastructure. 
Of course, we are underinvesting, and our infrastructure is decaying. By in-frastructure, I mean roads, highway, bridges, rail, airports, broadband—you name it. 
China is spending 9 percent of GDP 
on infrastructure. We are competing with China. We are competing with other countries. If they can move goods and people more efficiently, that means their economy is going to be more efficient; their economy is going to be more competitive; they are going to be able to sell things more cheaply, generate things more cheaply, and out-sell us. 
We have to compete in a world econ-
omy. We can’t be insulated. If we are going to compete in a world economy and have an economy that can gen-erate the jobs, we can only compete if we have a transportation system. We also need an efficient energy system and other things, too, but an efficient transportation system. We are eating our seed corn. We benefited from prior generations’ investment, and now, we are not doing that investment. 
I hear rhetoric on this floor all the 
time that we shouldn’t leave a debt. We have to have a balanced budget, and we shouldn’t leave a debt to our children. 
Frankly, I would rather leave a debt 
to our children if we use that debt to build up the investments in this coun-try so that there are roads for our chil-dren to travel on, rails to ride on, air-ports to land in, schools to attend. That is an investment. 
b2030 
We have to make a distinction. It is 
one thing to waste money or spend it on something ephemeral. But to invest it so that our children inherit a coun-try with a functioning economy and with assets that we give them that they can use to make a more func-tioning economy, that is worth it. Ms. BROWN of Florida. I thank the 
gentleman for his contribution. 
Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman W
AT-
SON COLEMAN , and Members of the 
House, it amazes me that the House practices what I call ‘‘Reverse Robin Hood.’’ In other words, robbing from transportation to give tax breaks to their friends. 
Recently, they passed close to $300 
billion for tax breaks. But, yet, we can’t pass a comprehensive transpor-tation bill that will put people to work. 
Yesterday, in the House, we passed 
another extension of surface transpor-tation programs, once again, failing in our duties to provide a world-class transportation system for our country. 
Transportation programs are much 
too critical to our economy to be de-layed any longer. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in Washington continue its long-running failure to fund surface transportation infrastruc-ture programs. 
While our international competition 
is investing heavily in transportation and infrastructure to move people, goods, and services, the leadership of this House is passing tax cuts for their wealthy contributors, while Congress sticks their heads in the sand and passed another continuing resolution. 
Just a few weeks ago, House Repub-
licans passed a bill cutting taxes by $269 billion for the richest 1 percent of Americans, with no offsets. But we have failed to pass a real transpor-tation reauthorization bill since 2005 because they can’t find the money. 
Clearly, this Nation’s transportation 
infrastructure is not a priority for the Republican leadership in this House. 
Transportation infrastructure fund-
ing is absolutely critical to this Nation and, if properly funded, serves as a tre-mendous economic boost and job cre-ator. In fact, the Department of Trans-portation statistics show that for every billion dollars that we invest in trans-portation infrastructure, it creates 44,000 permanent jobs, along with $6.2 billion in economic activity. 
Mr. Speaker, the traveling public is 
pleading with you to make transpor-tation infrastructure a priority. When this happens, we can put millions of hard-working Americans back to work fixing our Nation’s crumbling infra-structure, and preparing our country for the future. 
In the words of Transportation Sec-
retary Anthony Foxx: ‘‘All of us have a role to play in shaping our Nation’s in-frastructure.’’ 
And as we saw during the last tragic 
train derailment in Philadelphia, Con-gress urgently needs to increase fund-ing for our Nation’s passenger rail sys-tems to make them safe for the trav-eling public and prevent future trage-dies on our Nation’s rail system. 
Madam C
OLEMAN , I understand that 
the gentleman from New Jersey wants to join us. And as he joins us, I would like for him to answer that question, as he makes his remarks, How would prioritizing Amtrak affect New Jersey? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.121 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3500 May 20, 2015 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Before the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) begins, I really think I want to 
share something that I think is very germane to where the gentleman may be going. 
Both of us live on and travel the 
Northeast corridor on the train back and forth to New Jersey, and we depend upon an efficient and a safe train ride to get us back to our homes and to get us back down here to do the people’s business. 
I did mention that I lost a con-
stituent because that train was on its way to Trenton, and it was letting off people in my district, and that train would have ultimately gone on up to Newark and then on to New York. 
I know that the Congressman has 
been tremendously impacted by the tragedy that took place, and knowing how important it is for us to be able to move back and forth efficiently, effec-tively, and safely in the Northeast cor-ridor. And I just wanted to sort of pref-ace the introduction of your coming to the microphone with sort of remem-bering that this is really close to home for you and me. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE .) 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Florida and the gentlewoman from New Jersey for af-fording me this opportunity to discuss a tragedy, as the gentlewoman from New Jersey stated, that has hit very close to home. 
And the reason I say that is, as stat-
ed by the gentlewoman from New Jer-sey, the Northeast corridor is the way we are able to travel back and forth from our home to Washington, D.C., to do the people’s business. And so it is not uncommon that I could have been on train 188. I have taken it on numer-ous occasions. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
the victims of this horrific Amtrak train derailment and their families at this difficult time. 
I am grateful for the first responders 
who put themselves in harm’s way to rescue passengers, and I wish all those injured a full and speedy recovery. 
This tragedy, as we stated, has hit so 
close to home. Sometimes weekly, I travel, as do many of my constituents and colleagues, on this rail line. I have taken Amtrak’s 188 and had my wife and children on that specific train leaving here going back home. 
As a Member of Congress, we have a 
responsibility to ensure and enhance the public safety. 
The derailment of Amtrak train 188 
serves as an important reminder that if we are to meet this responsibility, we need to invest in our infrastructure. 
There is no doubt that our Nation’s 
infrastructure is crumbling. The Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers has rated it as a D-plus 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know all of us 
find education important. If you were given a D-plus on the work that you do, on the quality of your service, what would that say? There is no doubt that we are falling 
behind other nations in the quality of our infrastructure. Long-term invest-ments in our Nation’s infrastructure are essential for achieving economic growth and competitiveness through-out the world. 
Yet, Republicans refuse to address 
this very real crisis. This only com-pounds the problem, costing American jobs and undermining our economy. 
We don’t need shortsighted thinking. 
We need to stay competitive, boost commerce, invest in economic growth and job creation, and protect our com-munities. These are the benefits of modernizing our Nation’s infrastruc-ture. 
One day after the derailment of Am-
trak train 188, my Republican col-leagues voted to cut Amtrak funding. While the Amtrak investigation re-
mains ongoing, we know that slashing funding will hamper safety improve-ments and upgrades. 
We shouldn’t stand in the way of this 
wise infrastructure investment. Let’s commit to ensuring modern, safe, and reliable infrastructure that reflects the greatness of this Nation. 
And as I go to my seat, I just want 
to, once again, thank the gentlewomen from Florida and New Jersey respec-tively for giving me the opportunity to have several moments to discuss what is an issue that impacts the safety, the productiveness, the competitiveness of our Nation and our infrastructure. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I want to talk a little bit more about Amtrak, because I am the past chair and ranking member of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee, and I think Amtrak is more and more important. 
As more Americans are turning to 
rail as their preferred mode of trans-portation, Amtrak is building the in-frastructure and organization to meet that demand. 
Amtrak carried a record total of 31.6 
million passengers in 2013. Their rider-ship has been growing across the sys-tem for over a decade, with last year’s ridership being the largest in the his-tory. 
Currently, they serve more than 500 
destinations in 46 States and provide the only public transportation option for millions of people in rural areas. 
Let me repeat. Amtrak is the only 
mode of transportation for people in certain rural areas. 
Amtrak has increased their revenue, 
reduced debt, has new passengers, im-proved their infrastructure, and pur-chased trains that are built 100 percent in America. That is where those parts are made, 100 percent in America. 
Amtrak reduces congestion and im-
proves our energy independence and plays a vital role in emergency prepa-ration. 
And I often talk about 9/11. Amtrak 
was moving. It was the only way people could move in this country. And Katrina. 
So Amtrak plays a very important 
part in making sure that we can con-tinue to move people, goods and serv-
ices. 
Madam, I want to thank you for your 
leadership in this area. 
THIS IS OUR WATCH  
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Before you 
close out, I want to mention something about veterans because we are getting ready to have a recess, and I have to thank all of the veterans for their serv-ice. 
This morning at 9 a.m. we went over 
to the Women’s Memorial Wall. And it is what we have done for 18 years to honor women veterans who have served in this country. 
I want to thank all who have served 
America. We have the freedoms be-cause of their service. I want to, once again, thank them. 
But I must mention the fact that on 
the 24th of this month, if the House does not move, the project in Denver will shut down, and it will cost over $20 million to shut down. In addition, it will be $2 million a month. We are talking about the VA facility in Den-ver, Colorado. 
Now, we want to blame the VA, but 
this is our watch. The Denver hospital has been a political hot potato for over 10 years; different secretaries, different administrations. 
But the point is, this is our watch, 
and it is unacceptable that we shut down this project. 
One of the slogans of the Army is, 
‘‘Failure is not an option.’’ We need to get it done. 
b2045 
We appreciate the service that the 
men and women have provided for our freedom, but we need to do our part in making sure that we take care of them. 
I want to paraphrase the comments 
of the first President of the United States, George Washington. He said, No matter how justified we think a war may be, what is important is how we treat the veterans. 
Now, this is our watch. This is our re-
sponsibility. And we have to make sure that we take care of the veterans. 
With that, I want to thank the gen-
tlewoman from New Jersey for her leadership and for providing this oppor-tunity to discuss transportation infra-structure, Amtrak, and also to thank the veterans for their service. 
A lot of us talk the talk, but we need 
to walk the walk and roll the roll for the veterans. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlewoman from Florida for ev-erything that she has brought before us this evening. I thank my colleagues for raising the issues regarding the signifi-cance, the importance of, and the eco-nomic benefits, as well as the safety and security needs, of an efficient, ef-fective, and safe transportation sys-tem. 
I want to also thank the gentle-
woman for reminding us that we are having our Memorial Day holiday, and it gives us an opportunity to thank those who have made the ultimate sac-rifice to keep us safe and to keep the freedoms that we hold so dear. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.122 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3501 May 20, 2015 
And at the end of this, Mr. Speaker, 
I want to take this opportunity to sim-ply remind us that the transportation needs of our community both represent safety and security that we hold very sacred in our communities, but it also provides an economic benefit that we all can benefit from. Irrespective of Re-publican or Democrat, rural, urban, or suburban, there is a benefit to a trans-portation system that moves people, goods, and supplies where they are needed. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Congress-woman B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN and Con-
gresswoman C ORRINE BROWN for organizing 
this Congressional Progressive Caucus Spe-cial Order Hour on Transportation Infrastruc-ture Spending. 
Last night, the House passed H.R. 2353 to 
extend the federal surface transportation pro-grams for two months, through July 31st. If these programs had been allowed to expire, all federal transportation funding to states and local governments would have stopped on May 31st, and numerous constructions jobs on highways, bridges and transit systems could have been cancelled. According to the Amer-ican Association of State Highway and Trans-portation Officials, this needless crisis brought uncertainty to 6,000 critical construction projects across the country, and left 660,000 good-paying construction jobs hanging in the balance. 
I voted for this bill, but I did so reluctantly 
because what we really need is a multi-year transportation bill that will bring our nation’s transportation system into the 21st century. A multi-year transportation bill with robust fund-ing for highway, bridge and transit construction will create thousands of good jobs and provide certainty to states and local governments. 
Federal investment in our nation’s transpor-
tation system is essential. The American Soci-ety of Civil Engineers gave the public infra-structure of the United States a grade of ‘‘D+’’ in 2013 and estimated that we will need to in-vest $3.6 trillion by 2020 in order to improve the condition of our infrastructure. 
Rebuilding our nation’s transportation infra-
structure creates jobs that are desperately needed throughout the country. The economy is still struggling to recover from the recession. The unemployment rate is 5.4 percent nation-wide and is significantly higher in some minor-ity and disadvantaged communities. Transpor-tation funding is clearly good for the economy. 
Congressional Republicans have had 
months to prepare a multi-year transportation bill. Unfortunately, all they did last night is punt the deadline two months deeper into the crit-ical summer construction season. I urge my Republican colleagues to work with us over the next two months so we can finally pass a multi-year transportation bill before the July 31st deadline. 
Congressional Republicans are further jeop-
ardizing our nation’s transportation system by slashing funding for TIGER. TIGER—formally known as Transportation Investment Gener-ating Economic Recovery—is a nationwide competitive grant program that creates jobs by funding investments in transportation infra-structure by states, local governments, and transit agencies. TIGER funds innovative projects that generate economic development and improve access to safe, reliable, and af-
fordable transportation alternatives. 
Earlier this year, the President requested 
$1.25 billion for TIGER in fiscal year 2016, as part of an expanded TIGER program that would provide $7.5 billion for TIGER over 6 years. This expanded TIGER program will cre-ate jobs, encourage innovation, and mod-ernize transportation infrastructure for the 21st century. 
I sent a letter to the Appropriations Com-
mittee urging full funding of the President’s $1.25 billion request for TIGER in FY 2016, and a total of 146 Members of Congress signed my letter. 
Nevertheless, the House Republicans’ 
version of the FY 2016 Transportation and Housing Appropriations (THUD) bill provides only $100 million for TIGER. That’s an 80 per-cent cut from FY 2015 and a small fraction of the President’s request. This kind of drastic cut in TIGER will needlessly cripple highway and transit construction plans that are already struggling due to the uncertainty surrounding the future of the transportation bill. 
We need more federal investment in trans-
portation infrastructure, and we need it now! That is why I am introducing the TIGER Grants for Job Creation Act. This bill will pro-vide an emergency supplemental appropriation totaling $7.5 billion dollars over the next six years for job creation through investments in transportation infrastructure. This emergency supplemental appropriation will fully fund the President’s proposal for an expanded TIGER. 
Passage of an emergency supplemental ap-
propriation will provide funding for TIGER free from sequestration and without reducing fund-ing for other important domestic priorities. It will also allow states, local governments, and transit agencies to begin immediately to plan projects and prepare grant applications. Thus, it will ensure an efficient use of funds and timely job creation. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support the 
TIGER Grants for Job Creation Act and fully fund the President’s request for TIGER, and I urge my colleagues to pass a multi-year trans-portation bill to bring our highways, bridges and public transit systems into the 21st cen-tury. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (during 
the Special Order of Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN ). Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE IN-STITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE CULTURE AND ARTS DEVELOPMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s re-appointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 4412, and the order of the House of Jan-uary 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Institute of Amer-ican Indian and Alaska Native Culture 
and Arts Development: 
Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N, New Mexico 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS 
TO COMMISSION ON CARE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 202(a) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following indi-viduals on the part of the House to the Commission on Care: 
Mr. David P. Blom, Columbus, Ohio Mr. Darin Selnick, Oceanside, Cali-
fornia 
Dr. Toby Cosgrove, Cleveland, Ohio 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
MEXICO-UNITED STATES INTER-PARLIAMENTARY GROUP 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276h and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group: 
Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ , California 
Mr. G ENEGREEN , Texas 
Mr. P OLIS, Colorado 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Texas 
Mrs. T ORRES , California 
f 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I appear here tonight to talk about police and community relations throughout our country. The purpose of this Special Order is to talk about how the relationship between police and local communities can be repaired. 
Over the last year, we have witnessed 
tensions rise between local law en-forcement officers and local commu-nities. The events we have witnessed across the country have highlighted the need for mending the strained rela-tionships between police and commu-nities across the country. 
This week, the Judiciary Committee 
in the House held a hearing entitled, Policing Strategies for the 21st Cen-tury. The purpose of this hearing was to look at how law enforcement is trained and how it is received in our communities across the country. 
The Senate also held a hearing this 
week. Their focus was on the use of body cameras. 
I applaud my colleagues for holding 
hearings on criminal justice reform this week, but I hope that this is just the beginning and not the end of the hearings that need to be held on so many different and very important and fundamental issues on the topic of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.124 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3502 May 20, 2015 
criminal justice reform. All of these 
issues scream out for public attention and for new solutions by this Congress. 
There are many conversations that 
need to be had about the best ways to improve policing practices, including ways to curb the use of excessive force, the use of body cameras, and mental health evaluations for law enforce-ment. The list goes on and on. 
I would like to start out by talking 
about three of my bills: the Grand Jury Reform Act, the Police Accountability Act, and the Stop Militarizing Law En-forcement Act. 
Police militarization is an important 
subject that President Obama even weighed in on yesterday with the issuance of an executive order that in-corporates my Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act. Both my bill and the President’s executive order call for a ban on the transfer of certain surplus military-grade weaponry and both im-pose strict oversight and transparency measures to ensure that the equipment that is transferred is used properly. 
President Obama’s Law Enforcement 
Equipment Working Group called for law enforcement agencies to ‘‘embrace a guardian—rather than a warrior— mindset’’ to build trust and legitimacy both within agencies and with the pub-lic. 
This statement is at the very core of 
what we need to change in our country. Military-grade weapons are made for one purpose, and that is to conduct war. 
When we see tanks and grenade 
launchers and this type of equipment being used by police, it enforces a mes-sage that we are at war in the streets of our very own country, the same way that we are at war in the streets of other countries. This has to change be-cause our streets are not war zones, and we should not allow the unbridled proliferation of military weaponry onto our streets. 
When we allow our streets to be 
flooded with surplus weaponry from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we set the stage for a military mindset to take hold throughout the law enforce-ment community. We should not allow things to get twisted. There is a big difference between the law enforce-ment mentality and the military mindset. 
The creed of an Army soldier is to 
‘‘deploy, engage, and destroy the en-emies of the United States of America in close combat.’’ 
Conversely, the classic police motto 
is ‘‘to protect and serve.’’ 
So when we start flooding our streets 
with military-grade weaponry, we start to allow the creeping in of a different mindset. And when we factor in the fact that many of our law enforcement officers have actually had to be de-ployed to war zones during the last 12 or 13 years because the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have been fought by a vol-unteer Army, with a healthy dose of deployment of Reserve and National Guard units to the battle—when we consider that, we consider the fact that 
many law enforcement officers are also reservists or National Guardsmen or -women, and they have been deployed to war zones. Then they come back to their jobs in the Nation, and some-times they could get it twisted in terms of what their actual goal and mission should be. 
On the streets of America, the mis-
sion is not to deploy and to engage the enemy and destroy the enemy in close combat. That is not what law enforce-ment officers should be about. And we don’t need to let that mindset creep into law enforcement. 
When you have the experience and 
when you have the equipment and when you have inherent biases and prejudices that exist in the mindset of all Americans, regardless of whether or not it is law enforcement or civilian, then you get a situation where your minority communities can then be at severe risk. And that, I am afraid, is what has occurred in this country be-cause so many of our young people have lost confidence in our police de-partments and in our law enforcement community. And that, ladies and gen-tlemen, is definitely unhealthy. It is not good for our democracy. We need to try to do something to change it. And we can’t make effective changes with-out understanding the problem. 
Now some would say that we need a 
military solution on the streets of America because the streets have be-come so lawless, but I would beg to dif-fer. I would beg to differ strongly, as a matter of fact. We are dealing with citizens who still need to be protected. 
By the way, most people in America 
are law-abiding citizens. There are some who become criminals, who stray and commit criminal acts. Sometimes those criminal acts actually place peo-ple’s lives at risk. And police and law enforcement are there to make sure that we keep people safe. 
All people want to be safe and secure 
in their homes and walking down the streets and in doing their business, in their life, work, and play pursuits. All of us want to be safe, and all of us real-ize that we must have law enforcement enforce the laws. All of us should have a responsibility to each other to stay within the boundaries of the law, and we are partners in that regard. We, the citizens, partner among ourselves; and then we must partner with our law en-forcement community to enable law enforcement to do the job that we need them to do. 
So it is a relationship that is built on 
trust, and it is built on communication because law enforcement can only be as effective in enforcing the law as it is with respect to the relationships that it has among people in the community. 
That is why community-oriented po-
licing is so important, to get police of-ficers involved in the communities within which they serve; for them to get out of the car, go meet people, go develop relationships, and start the flow of dialogue. The citizens are who enable law enforcement to be most ef-
fective because that is where they get most of their information. 
I will admit that people don’t com-
municate with law enforcement as much as they should, and it hurts us all. The reasons for that are this break-down in trust, which is exacerbated by the military equipment and by the military mindset, both of those going hand in hand. 
b2100 
Now, how do we stop it? 
First, by stopping the flow of that 
free military equipment onto our streets. We must cap that. I am not here to say that law enforcement should not have what it needs in order to do what it is supposed to do, and that is to protect and serve, but it should not have a pipeline directly be-tween the Department of Defense and law enforcement which supplies equip-ment to law enforcement, leaving out the civilian authority to make the de-termination of whether or not the equipment is needed. 
So that is what the 1033 program 
does. That is what President Obama’s executive order, which tracks the lan-guage of the Stop Militarizing Law En-forcement Act, does, and that is to stop that flow and return control of the process of acquisition of law enforce-ment equipment back to the hands of the civilian authority. So that is the first thing that we need to do. 
Mr. Speaker, the second thing we 
need to do is to ensure good analysis of the personnel that we have doing the law enforcement, because as I said, if you have been to a war zone, the statis-tics show that many of those who re-turn from the battle suffer from post- traumatic stress and other illnesses that affect the mental health of the people. So we must take better care of the mental health of our law enforce-ment personnel, having been deployed or not. Being involved in law enforce-ment is very stressful, and sometimes that mental health can break down and people start making bad decisions. So we really must get a handle on that in this country. 
Then once we get a handle on the 
militarization, there are some struc-tural issues that need to be dealt with. One is the loss of confidence in the criminal justice process, i.e., the grand jury, the secret grand jury process as it relates to law enforcement officers, be-cause what has become clear is that whenever there has been a killing of a civilian by law enforcement officer, it often results—or it most often re-sults—in a finding of justifiable homi-cide. Indeed, most killings by law en-forcement are justifiable; there is no question about that. But there is also no question about the fact that some of the killings are unjustifiable. When they are unjustifiable, they need to be dealt with in accordance with the law, which means prosecution. 
The problem that we get with law en-
forcement officers who have acted out-side of the law and have committed a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.126 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3503 May 20, 2015 
killing, what we get is a finding that 
the killing was justified despite the clear evidence to the contrary. I am not going to cite any specific cases, but I will say that these cases are well- known to the public. They appear on video. Even if your eyes deceive you and the killing was justified, you are certainly justified in not having con-fidence in the process by which the finding that the killing was justified was rendered through. Basically I am talking about a secret grand jury proc-ess. That is why I filed the Grand Jury Reform Act, to get at this secret grand jury process and to bring transparency into the process. 
Now, what usually happens, or what 
is the course of conduct in a police killing case, is that the killing itself will be investigated first, and often-times only by the very law enforce-ment agency that employed the officer involved in the incident. So what you have are friends and coworkers inves-tigating each other. 
So when that happens, it tends to not 
be impartial. It tends to be biased in favor of the accused. What usually hap-pens is, despite what may be clear about the facts, the decision always comes down as a justifiable homicide by the law enforcement agency that is rendering the decision against its own. 
Then the case goes to the local grand 
jury or to the local prosecutor, who is well-known and knows well the law en-forcement agents involved who may be the subject of the investigation. They know each other. They work together regularly to bring cases before the grand jury. 
So when an officer is brought before 
the grand jury, often that officer is known to and by the district attorney. And even if not known, the fact that they are law enforcement gives them an inherent benefit; it gives them credibility; it gives them an edge, a positive edge, with the prosecution. 
So the prosecutor then takes the in-
vestigation by the law enforcement agency that knows and loves the offi-cer, takes that investigation before a grand jury in a secret proceeding. No one is in there from the public to un-derstand the quality of the evidence being presented, whether or not there is any evidence being presented. We have to just simply rely on the result that comes out of the grand jury pro-ceeding because the grand jury pro-ceedings are secret by law. Nothing that happens inside can be revealed. 
So it is a process that usually results 
in what we all are awaiting, and that is an exoneration of the police officer de-spite the clear evidence to the con-trary. Once you have that determina-tion, it is a closed case. So when you have that happening repeatedly over and over again over the course of time, it erodes public confidence in the criminal justice process. 
So my legislation, the Grand Jury 
Reform Act, would simply mandate that whenever there is a killing during the course of a policeman’s use of his or her authority in the line of work, in 
the line of duty, whenever there is a killing, then there would have to be ap-pointed an independent law enforce-ment agency, the top law enforcement agency of that particular State, to take over the investigation and to per-form the investigation. That would give it a little more sense of being im-partial. 
Once that impartial investigation 
has concluded, then the matter would be presented to a judge in open court by a special prosecutor appointed by the Governor, who would then be charged with presenting that inde-pendent investigation to a judge in a probable cause hearing in open court. And that judge could then make a de-termination of whether or not probable cause existed; and if it did or if it did not, that judge would then issue a writ-ten finding of fact and deliver the case back to the local prosecutor who would then, in accordance with existing State law, proceed through the secret grand jury process or whatever other process was available to that district attor-ney—who is elected by the people, by the way. 
So this probable cause hearing would 
enable there to be some transparency so that the public would understand, hear the evidence and see the evidence. Then there would be accountability that would be established on behalf of the people based on what the elected prosecutor decided to do with the case. 
So it is hard to hold a local pros-
ecutor accountable after a secret grand jury process, and the only thing you can rely upon is the earnest presen-tation in a press conference by the prosecutor that we did our best, we presented the evidence, and the grand jury came back finding that the killing was justified. 
We need more than that. We saw that 
in the case of Michael Brown in Fer-guson where they did release the grand jury transcripts, and you could see where the evidence, a boatload or a truckload, a dump truck of evidence was just dumped on the confused grand jury members who were charged on a law that was not even applicable, given bad law upon which to decide the case. 
So we saw what happened in the 
grand jury proceeding in that case, and that, ladies and gentlemen, is not the only time I am sure that there has been abuse within the grand jury room. But we will never know because it is secret. 
Lastly, I have filed a bill which is 
called the Police Accountability Act. What it would do would be to provide another tool for Federal prosecutors to be able to prosecute law enforcement officers for the offense of murder and all of the lesser included offenses should it appear that the process with-in the State did not work. 
So those three bills I have discussed. Now I see my colleague has arrived, 
S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, who, out of Hous-
ton, Texas, has ascended to the top spot, the ranking membership on the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, 
and Investigations Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, upon which I also serve along with her. So with that, I will yield to the gentlewoman from Houston. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the distinguished gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, how much time is re-
maining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia has approxi-mately 4 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the distinguished gentleman from Georgia. 
He is right. We serve on the Judici-
ary Committee. He serves with great distinction as the ranking member on the Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law Subcommittee, and I have the privilege of working and serving with him on the Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations Subcommittee. 
Although we have been working on 
these issues for any number of years, he is a practicing lawyer, a graduate of the distinguished Thurgood Marshall School of Law, which I have the privi-lege of representing. We know that we are now in a significant moment of his-tory, and that is, if I might use lan-guage that is not particularly legisla-tive, we can’t fool around. 
There are issues that the American 
public, I believe, want remedies for, and that is persons who are civilians and persons who are law enforcement officers. 
b2115 
The police accountability hearing 
that we just held, Mr. Speaker, held in front of the Judiciary Committee on Tuesday—and we thanked Chairman G
OODLATTE and we thanked Ranking 
Member C ONYERS for heeding our 
voices asking for this hearing. It was a hearing of information, but I think it did evidence that there is a divide that 
must be bridged. 
Today, I stand on the floor to ac-
knowledge and honor, Mr. Johnson, a fallen officer in my district. None of us want to consent to actions against law enforcement officers in the line of duty protecting our communities and our Nation. 
At the same time, I believe that we 
have the opportunity to confront seri-ous issues developing a roadmap for better police community relations. In addition to the legislation that I know Mr. J
OHNSON has already elaborated 
on—and I support him in his efforts— we will be looking at legislation that deals with holding the standard matrix to provide a roadmap of training for police officers and law enforcement of-ficers from deescalation, to ideas of interaction with community, profes-sional training, educational training. 
We will also, hopefully, pass the 
CADET bill, which talks about gath-ering the appropriate data related to excessive force being used by civilians or police officers and using that mate-rial to be able to formulate the right kind of approach to protect all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.127 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3504 May 20, 2015 
In addition, I just introduced today 
the Private Prison Information Act, which indicates that the same require-ments for the Federal prison system should be for the private, nonpublic prison system providing reports of in-juries or behavior that should be re-ported, and we hope that bill will move quickly. 
We have also introduced a good time, 
early release bill that argues for the early release dealing with incarcerated persons responding to mass incarcer-ation, which we believe is very impor-tant. This deals with a certain age. 
I am also introducing, Mr. J
OHNSON , a 
bill that indicates 1 day for 1 day; if you have 54 days of good time, then you get 54 days. Now, it is not the case. 
Let me just say this, as I yield back 
to you, we will not pass legislation un-less we can all understand each other’s pain. The horrific pain of losing law en-forcement officers and them not going home to their families, I mourn—the horrific pain of a Michael Brown or Eric Garner and a Tamir Rice and a Walter Scott and any number of oth-ers—and, of course, Freddie Gray. 
What we need to do is, in under-
standing that pain, not be accusatory and get bills before the Judiciary Com-mittee to make our system the best justice system in the world. That is what I would like to see happen. I know that you, as a practicing lawyer and who have addressed these issues, would like to see that happen as well. 
I would like to join you on the floor 
over and over again for these kinds of Special Orders, to speak to our col-leagues about getting something done, passing comprehensive criminal re-form, getting it done to answer the pain of all Americans. 
We honor those who have lost their 
lives, and we honor the men and women in uniform who wear the uni-form on our behalf, to be able to walk alongside us in dignity. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 20 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida) at 10 
p.m. 
f 
TO CORRECT THE ENROLLMENT 
OF S. 178 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
send to the desk a concurrent resolu-tion and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 47 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of 
S. 178, an Act to provide justice for the vic-tims of trafficking, the Secretary of the Sen-ate shall— 
(1) in section 702(b)(2), insert ‘‘pilot pro-
gram’’ after ‘‘identified by the’’; and 
(2) strike section 1002 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1002. PROTECTIONS FOR HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING SURVIVORS. 
Section 1701(c) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(c)), as amended by section 601 of this Act, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) provides a process by which an indi-
vidual who is a human trafficking survivor can move to vacate any arrest or conviction records for a non-violent offense committed as a direct result of human trafficking, in-cluding prostitution or lewdness; 
‘‘(ii) establishes a rebuttable presumption 
that any arrest or conviction of an indi-vidual for an offense associated with human trafficking is a result of being trafficked, if the individual— 
‘‘(I) is a person granted nonimmigrant sta-
tus pursuant to section 101(a)(15) (T)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(T)(i)); 
‘‘(II) is the subject of a certification by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 107(b)(1)(E) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)(E)); or 
‘‘(III) has other similar documentation of 
trafficking, which has been issued by a Fed-eral, State, or local agency; and 
‘‘(iii) protects the identity of individuals 
who are human trafficking survivors in pub-lic and court records; and 
‘‘(B) that does not require an individual 
who is a human trafficking survivor to pro-vide official documentation as described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii) in order to receive protection under the law.’’. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C OHEN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for May 18 for the first vote. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 10 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-
journed until Thursday, May 21, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1529. A letter from the Chief Financial Offi-
cer, Department of Energy, transmitting a report of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, as required by 31 U.S.C. 1351; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
1530. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Samuel J. Locklear III, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of Admiral on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
1531. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Charles T. Cleveland, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1532. A letter from the Chief Counsel, 
FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility; Iowa: Buchanan County, Unincorporated Areas [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001] [Internal Agen-cy Docket No.: FEMA-8383] received May 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1533. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Em-ployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Pay-ing Benefits received May 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
1534. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report prepared by the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security on the na-tional emergency declared by Executive Order 13222 of August 17, 2001 and continued through August 7, 2014, to deal with the threat to the national security, foreign pol-icy, and economy of the United States caused by the lapse of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979, consistent with Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1703(c)), Sec. 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1641(c)), and Sec. 1(d) of Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1535. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on gifts given by the United States to foreign individuals in FY 2014, pursuant to 22 U.S.C.A. Sec. 2694; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1536. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter regarding commit-ments in the Joint Plan of Action, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and Counter-Prolifera-tion Act of 2012, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, and Sec. 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1537. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 3(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-004; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1538. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY7.129 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3505 May 20, 2015 
transmitting a certification, pursuant to 
Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-036; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1539. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-020; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1540. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-144; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1541. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-145; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1542. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-003; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1543. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-007; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1544. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1545. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regula-tion, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting two reports pursuant to the Federal Va-cancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1546. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-
ficer, Patent and Trademark Office, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendments to the Rules of Practice for Trials Before the Pat-ent Trial and Appeal Board [Docket No.: PTO-P-2015-0032] (RIN: 0651-AD00) received May 19, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
1547. A letter from the Administrator, Fed-
eral Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report on As-sistance Provided to Foreign Aviation Au-thorities for FY 2014, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 40113(e)(4) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub. L. 112-95; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1548. A letter from the Administrator, Fed-
eral Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report on As-sistance Provided to Foreign Aviation Au-thorities for FY 2013, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 40113(e)(4) and Sec. 207 of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub. L. 112-95; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California): H.R. 2461. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to, and utilization of, bone mass measurement benefits under part B of the Medicare pro-gram by establishing a minimum payment amount under such part for bone mass meas-urement; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself and Ms. 
SLAUGHTER ): 
H.R. 2462. A bill to restore the application 
of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competition and consumers; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. BERA (for himself and Mr. R
OE 
of Tennessee): 
H.R. 2463. A bill to authorize the Attorney 
General to provide grants for drug disposal sites; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BENISHEK (for himself and Ms. 
S
INEMA ): 
H.R. 2464. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the accountability of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Inspector General of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. JOLLY (for himself and Mr. 
L
OEBSACK ): 
H.R. 2465. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements to the monthly housing stipend payable under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 2466. A bill to require the President to 
submit a plan for resolving all outstanding claims relating to property confiscated by the Government of Cuba before taking action to ease restrictions on travel to or trade with Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mrs. 
L
UMMIS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. 
STEWART ): 
H.R. 2467. A bill to clarify that the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security may undertake law enforcement and border security activi-ties within the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 2468. A bill to improve minority inclu-
sion in clinical trials; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, 
Ms. B
ONAMICI , and Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H.R. 2469. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to establish within the Environmental Protection Agen-cy a Columbia River Basin Restoration Pro-gram; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
R
USH, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C UMMINGS , and 
Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 2470. A bill to require non-Federal 
prisons and detention facilities holding Fed-eral prisoners under a contract with the Fed-eral Government to make available to the public the same information pertaining to facility operations and to prisoners held in such facilities that Federal prisons and de-tention facilities are required to make avail-able; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2471. A bill to cap noninterest Federal 
Spending as a percentage of potential GDP to right-size the government, grow the econ-omy, and balance the budget; to the Com-mittee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself and Mr. 
G
RAVES of Missouri): 
H.R. 2472. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to establish a National Organ and Tissue Donor Registry Resource Center, to authorize grants for State organ and tissue donor registries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself and Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER ): 
H.R. 2473. A bill to include credit unions as 
community financial institutions under the Federal Home Loan Bank Act; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
H.R. 2474. A bill to require the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission to impose fees and assessments to recover the cost of appro-priations to the Commission; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself and Mr. 
H
ECKof Washington): 
H.R. 2475. A bill to provide for a one-year 
extension of the extended period of protec-tions for members of uniformed services re-lating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 2476. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to facilitate the transi-tion to Medicare for individuals enrolled in group health plans, to establish a 3-month open enrollment period under Medicare Ad-vantage, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. 
M
CHENRY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. R OYCE ): 
H.R. 2477. A bill to amend securities, com-
modities, and banking laws to make the in-formation reported to financial regulatory agencies electronically searchable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20MY7.000 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3506 May 20, 2015 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2478. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require that ITIN appli-cants submit their application in person at taxpayer assistance centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 2479. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the issuance of up-to-date regulations and guidance applying to the dissemination by means of the Internet of information about medical products; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. 
PEARCE ): 
H.R. 2480. A bill to increase research, edu-
cation, and treatment for cerebral cavernous malformations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Mr. 
H
OLDING ): 
H.R. 2481. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make certain contract research eligible for the research credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2482. A bill to amend the Low-Income 
Housing Preservation and Resident Home-ownership Act of 1990; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2483. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide standards for de-termining employment status, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. Z INKE, 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
GOSAR , and Mr. O LSON ): 
H.R. 2484. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide that certain aliens who are pregnant are ineligible to re-ceive visas and ineligible to be admitted to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mrs. 
B
USTOS , and Mrs. N APOLITANO ): 
H.R. 2485. A bill to establish in the Depart-
ment of the Treasury an infrastructure ac-celerator program to facilitate investments in and financing of certain infrastructure projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
G
UTIE´RREZ ): 
H.R. 2486. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to disallow deductions for the payment of compensatory and punitive damages to a government, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.J. Res. 55. A joint resolution proposing a 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H. Con. Res. 47. Concurrent resolution to 
correct the enrollment of S. 178; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself 
and Ms. B
ROWN of Florida): 
H. Con. Res. 48. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. GRAYSON (for himself, Mr. 
I
SRAEL , Mr. R USH, and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
H. Res. 279. A resolution urging respect for 
freedom of expression and human rights in Turkey; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
28. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Legislature of the State of Washington, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 8008, asking the Congress to support the Conver-sion of the 81st Armored Brigade Combat Team of the Washington National Guard into a Stryker Brigade Combat Team with bri-gade units stationed in Washington, Oregon, and California; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
29. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 29, memori-alizing the Congress to require the Depart-ment of Defense to ensure that replacement aircraft are assigned to Selfridge Air Na-tional Guard Base to compensate for the pro-posed elimination of the A-10 fleet; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
30. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Florida, relative to Senate Me-morial 866, expressing profound disagreement with the decision of the President of the United States to restore full diplomatic rela-tions with Cuba; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
31. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Wyoming, relative to House En-rolled Joint Resolution No. 3, requesting the Congress and federal agencies to adequately fund and support all efforts to manage free- roaming feral horses on rangelands in the West at the appropriate management level, utilizing all management and control meth-ods authorized by Sec. 3(d) of the Wild Free- Roaming Horses and Burros Act; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
32. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the State of Maine, relative to Joint Resolution 933, requesting the Presi-dent and the Congress to direct the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service to expand hatchery oper-ations to rivers in Maine by partnering with the State and with the many non-govern-ment organizations that are focused on re-storing Atlantic salmon to their historic natal rivers; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
33. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Wyoming, relative to House En-rolled Joint Resolution 5, requesting Con-gress to amend the United States Constitu-tion to authorize congressional votes to ap-prove or disapprove proposed federal regula-tions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
34. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Washington, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 8013, requesting Congress expedite appropriation of funds to signifi-cantly enhance monitoring and prevention efforts and to implement the intent of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
35. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Wyoming, relative to House En-rolled Joint Resolution No. 2, urging Con-gress to lift the freeze on longer commercial vehicles for the affected Western states in order to take advantage of new transpor-tation strategies to improve highway effi-ciency; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2461. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Congress’ 
legislative powers under Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution. Under this provision, Congress has the authority to regulate ‘‘commerce among the several states’’ and ‘‘To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises.’’ 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 2462. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. BERA: 
H.R. 2463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 2464. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 2465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 2466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8—to regulate commerce 
with foreign nations, among the several states with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. PEARCE: 
H.R. 2467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-
stitution of the United States grants Con-gress the power to enact this law. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 2468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 2469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides clear authority for Congress to pass legislation to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Article I of the Con-stitution, in detailing Congressional author-ity, provides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States. . . . ’’ This legislation is introduced pursuant to that grant of au-thority. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 2470. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20MY7.100 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3507 May 20, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2471. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion, which gives Congress the authority to borrow money on the credit of the United States. 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 2472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 2473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce Clause Article I, Section 8 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 2474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 2475. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 2476. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII: ‘‘The Congress shall 
have Power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States.’’ 
By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 2477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 Clause 3 The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 2479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution, which states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 2480. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mr. MEEHAN: 
H.R. 2481. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2482. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2483. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 2484. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Mrs. TORRES: 
H.R. 2485. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 2486. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.J. Res. 55. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution states that 
‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution . . .’’ This joint resolution is submitted for Congress to consider whether it is necessary to amend the Constitution to include it. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 156: Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 160: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 167: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 232: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 271: Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 356: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 358: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 381: Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ASS, and Ms. 
LOFGREN . 
H.R. 425: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 467: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 512: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 540: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. C UELLAR and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 550: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 578: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 592: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and 
Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 605: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 632: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas and 
Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 649: Mr. W ELCH and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 662: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 690: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 699: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CONAWAY , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M ILLER of Flor-
ida, Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 702: Mr. L ONG, Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, and Mr. P ITTS. 
H.R. 721: Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 766: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 767: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 784: Ms. H AHNand Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 787: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 799: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 800: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 825: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 842: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 868: Mr. R USHand Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee. H.R. 915: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 921: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 923: Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 985: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 986: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and 
Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 995: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
CONYERS , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1027: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . 
H.R. 1057: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Ms. 
ESTY. 
H.R. 1096: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1101: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. K IL-
MER. 
H.R. 1190: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. B OST, 
and Mr. L AUDERMILK . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. Y OHO, and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1289: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. S ABIN, Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri, Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. 
BUCSHON . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1378: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1389: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. N UGENT , 
and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. P IERLUISI and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1486: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. C REN-
SHAW . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. D OLDand Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1568: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1600: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. C REN-
SHAW . 
H.R. 1602: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. T IBERI , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1627: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. H ECK of Nevada and Mr. 
GROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1655: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1661: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1674: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Mr. 
JEFFRIES . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1721: Mr. M CNERNEY and Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1733: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1734: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. 
SALMON . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. P ALMER and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. E LLISON and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1817: Mr. F LEMING , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
PAULSEN , and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. F LORES , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.033 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3508 May 20, 2015 
H.R. 1910: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 1932: Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G IBBS, 
and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 1935: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 1942: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1943: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. I SRAEL , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
KENNEDY . 
H.R. 1964: Mr. Z ELDIN and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1974: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 1976: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1986: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1989: Mr. H URD of Texas and Mr. 
MULVANEY . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. H ILLand Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1996: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2025: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2031: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2044: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. G RIFFITH , and 
Mr. C ONAWAY  
H.R. 2067: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2109: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2111: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2114: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2132: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2150: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2170: Mr. K EATING and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2191: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2207: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 2213: Mr. P OSEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 2233: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2246: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2247: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 2258: Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 2290: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 2306: Mr. M OOLENAAR and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L AMALFA , 
and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2321: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2323: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2330: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 2331: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 2350: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2393: Mr. T IBERI , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
LABRADOR , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
MACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2400: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B URGESS , 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2403: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 2410: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 2412: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2429: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 2434: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2450: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York and Mr. H IMES. 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. 
VALADAO . 
H. Con. Res. 33: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, and Mr. L EWIS. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. K ELLY of Il-
linois, Mr. L YNCH , and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. P ERRY . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H. Res. 193: Mr. C OOKand Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. S ALMON and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 208: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. P ERRY , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia. 
H. Res. 227: Mr. L EVIN, Ms. M ENG, and Mr. 
CONNOLLY . 
H. Res. 256: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Res. 263: Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY7.024 H20MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3089 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 20, 2015 No. 78 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable R AND 
PAUL, a Senator from the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O Lord, our rock, hear our praise 
today, for Your faithfulness endures to all generations. You hear our prayers and surround us with Your mercy. You are our strength and our shield. Listen to the melody of our gratitude, for You are the center of our joy. 
Lord, thank You for illuminating our 
paths with Your precepts, dispelling the darkness of doubt and fear. Today, guide our lawmakers. Be their shep-herd in these dangerous times. Give them eyes to see that You have not left Yourself without a witness in every liv-ing thing. Help them, Lord, to walk with reverence and sensitivity through all the days of their lives. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, May 20, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R ANDPAUL, a Senator 
from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday’s House passage of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act rep-resents a vital ray of hope for the countless victims of modern slavery who need our help. Victims groups and advocates tell us that this human rights legislation would provide un-precedented support to domestic vic-tims of trafficking. They urged Con-gress to pass it. 
We can now say that we have passed 
it. We can now say that hope is on the way for the victims who suffer in the shadows. Unfortunately, the victims of modern-day slavery had to wait en-tirely too long for help. 
Last Congress, the House of Rep-
resentatives did its job by passing sev-eral pieces of legislation, but the Sen-ate failed to bring any trafficking leg-islation to the floor. 
As a new majority, Senate Repub-
licans were determined to make this matter a priority. Senator G
RASSLEY  
promptly reported legislation out of the Judiciary Committee, and we quickly put it on the Senate floor. 
As we all know by now, there was an 
unforeseen—to put it mildly—impedi-ment to getting this bill done. But we were determined to see this legislation through to successful completion. Suc-cess was possible because the new ma-jority kept its focus on facts, sub-
stance, and good policy for the people who remained our focus throughout the debate, and that is the victims of mod-ern slavery. 
I could not be more grateful to Sen-
ator C
ORNYN for his outstanding work 
on this issue. I thank the House for passing such an important human rights bill yesterday. Now I urge the President to sign this legislation from the new Congress as quickly as pos-sible. The victims of such terrible abuse have had to wait entirely too long for Washington’s help. Let’s not make them wait a moment longer. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday Senator W ARNER , a Democrat, 
and Senator E RNST , a Republican, 
joined me in hosting a press conference with small business owners on the ben-efits of trade for entrepreneurs. I want to thank them both for coming. I thank Senator W
ARNER , in particular, 
for helping to lead his party on this issue. 
We were joined by small business 
owners with some pretty incredible stories. These Americans highlighted opportunities that knocking down un-fair overseas barriers to American products can provide to us here at home. 
My favorite, obviously, was Chase 
Robbins, a constituent of mine from Shelbyville. After Chase was medically discharged from the Army, he was able to scrape together $1,600 with a buddy and start the kind of business he had already dreamed of as early as 2010. It is a business that specializes in just the kind of thing you would expect a young guy such as Chase to be into—high-per-formance auto parts. And, thanks to trade, it is now both a business that ex-ports a percentage of its products and one that also employs fellow Kentuck-ians. 
His is a small business with just 
three employees for now—just three for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.000 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3090 May 20, 2015 
now—but it is a small business that is 
allowing him to live his dreams and to help others live theirs, too. It is a story countless other Americans know all too well and one we should do every-thing to encourage. Yet, while Chase has achieved success thanks to trade, he knows there is still a lot more we should be doing if the aim is to help businesses grow, help his employees earn more, and help other Kentuckians live their dreams too. 
Here is what Chase said yesterday: 
As our business has grown internationally, 
we have been confronted with barriers that compromise global markets. It was not long after sending our first shipment overseas that we realized trade rules were outdated for our business. Most of the agreements and rules were written before small businesses like ours were able to fully utilize the inter-net to exploit the global market. Trade agreements offer the best chance to lower barriers and increase market access for small companies like mine. We see a bright future for . . . companies like ours in the ex-port market but we need new trade deals to get there. 
And this, Mr. President, is a business 
with three employees that is exporting products. 
So here was Chase’s solution: ‘‘Trade 
Promotion Authority is the first step towards modernizing trade agree-ments,’’ he said, ‘‘and I encourage Con-gress to pass TPA as soon as possible.’’ 
Entrepreneurs such as Chase know 
that the United States does not have many trade barriers, but other coun-tries do. They know that many of these barriers are extremely unfair to Amer-ican workers and American products. They know that passing trade pro-motion authority is the way to address such an unfair situation. 
Our friends on the far left may try to 
cynically spin their war against the fu-ture of something other than what it truly is, but we all know better. It is no wonder President Obama has called them ‘‘wrong’’ and suggested that they make stuff up. What happens if the far left actually succeeds in its apparent quest to retain foreign tariffs that un-fairly impact American workers and their paychecks? How is that good for us? 
It would mean lost opportunities for 
American risk takers such as Chase and the employees who entrepreneurs such as him care about. It would mean lost opportunities for American manu-facturers, lost opportunities for Ken-tucky farmers, and lost opportunities for more jobs, better wages, and a growing economy that can lift every-one up. 
Jobs and a better economy are the 
kinds of things I am going to continue to fight for. I think the legislation be-fore us represents a great opportunity to do so. President Obama agrees, as well. So I am going to keep working to get votes on amendments—both Repub-lican and Democrat amendments. 
There have been objections from the 
other side of the aisle. I would remind our colleagues that even with my strong support, the Senate cannot have a robust amendment process if every 
single amendment offered by Demo-crats or Republicans is objected to by our friends on the other side. 
Our bill managers, Senator H
ATCH  
and Senator W YDEN , are working hard. 
We hope to get past these objections so that more amendments can be consid-ered. But we will need cooperation. The Senate cannot vote on amendments that are being prevented. 
We hope to see more of that coopera-
tion so we can pass good, fair, and en-forceable trade legislation that will benefit our country and so many of the people we represent. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
ISSUES FACING THE MIDDLE 
CLASS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, at the end 
of this month, Republicans will have been in charge of the Senate for almost half a year. After all of this time, what have they done to address issues facing the middle class? Zero. 
Let’s take a quick look at what the 
Republican leadership has achieved this year. The Keystone Pipeline legis-lation took a month, a bill that was nothing more than a favor for billion-aires and special interests. It would allow foreign oil to be imported into the United States to be shipped to for-eign countries. It has spent almost an-other month on the shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security—the shutdown of the Department of Home-land Security—during a time when ISIS is raging and all the other prob-lems around the world, and they—the Republicans—want to shut down the Federal Government as it relates to Homeland Security. 
We spent 3 weeks on a senseless delay 
over funding for victims of human traf-ficking, over an abortion issue that had nothing to do with human trafficking. I would respond to my friend, the ma-jority leader, we would have passed this last Congress, except that they ob-jected to it—short memory, I think. 
Now, here we are spending the last 
week considering trade legislation that has done nothing—nothing, not a sin-gle thing—to help working middle- class Americans. In fact, it causes huge job losses. As Einstein said, if you keep doing the same thing over and over again and you expect a different result, that is the definition of insanity. 
We can look at these trade bills over 
the years. Every one of them, without exception, causes job losses to Amer-ican workers, millions of job losses. Yet they are going to try the same thing again and hope for a different re-sult. That is insanity. 
If the Senate is not actively advo-
cating for the well-being of middle- class Americans, we are wasting our time. When the Republicans took over 
the Senate, the majority leader prom-ised to make the needs of Americans a priority. Here is what he said last No-vember: ‘‘Under a new majority, our focus would be on passing legislation that improves the economy, that makes it easier for Americans to find jobs, and that helps restore Americans’ confidence in their country and their government.’’ 
Why then have we not moved toward 
legislation that makes it easier for Americans to find jobs or reforms that help us restore Americans’ confidence in their government? 
A few months after November—actu-
ally the beginning of this year—the majority leader reiterated a call for commonsense legislation that puts the middle class first. He said: ‘‘Let’s pass legislation that focuses on jobs and the real concerns of the middle class.’’ 
But, again, what have the Senate Re-
publicans done? They have stopped any effort made to help the middle class, whether it is minimum wage, equal pay for men and women, student debt, and on and on with things that would help the middle class. They have been ig-nored. We should be focusing on mak-ing it easier for Americans to find jobs, addressing the needs of the middle class and restoring Americans’ faith in our government. 
It is not enough for the majority 
leader to mouth these words that he supports jobs. His agenda must reflect it, as well. But it does not. It does not do anything to help job creation. If we want to create jobs, why don’t we do something with infrastructure, the sur-face transportation bill? 
To his credit, the Presiding Officer 
has an idea regarding how that should be paid for. I have worked with him and, whether his idea and my idea are perfect, at least it is an effort to figure out some way to do something about jobs. Jobs—we have to do something about surface transportation. Some 50 percent of America’s roads are in dis-repair, and 64,000 bridges are struc-turally deficient. Our railroad systems are outdated, and we know that re-cently from the headlines we have seen with that devastating accident in Pennsylvania. Instead of working with Democrats to provide adequate, long- term investment into our country’s surface transportation, Republicans are advocating for short-term fix after short-term fix. 
Repairing our Nation’s roads and 
bridges through long-term investments could provide thousands of jobs for Americans. If the Republican leader truly has the interests of the middle class at heart, he should be leading the charge for these investments, but he is leading the charge against them. 
Today, the Senate will resume con-
sideration of the trade legislation. Be-cause of Senate Democrats, that trade legislation includes vital programs that help America’s workers retrain and find new employment if they lose their jobs because of foreign trade. And 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.002 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3091 May 20, 2015 
they are going to lose jobs. Even 
though a majority of the Senators don’t support this trade legislation, we have tried hard to improve it, and this trade adjustment assistance is one way we can try to improve it. 
What was the Republican’s first 
amendment to the trade bill? It was an amendment to strike a program known as trade adjustment assistance, which I just talked about, from the bill. This program helps those who lose their jobs because of trade. And they will lose their jobs. 
As we talk about opening foreign 
markets to American products, surely we should do something so that Amer-ican companies have the tools to com-pete internationally. 
The Export-Import Bank is weeks 
away from expiring. If it expires, fi-nancing for billions of dollars of U.S. exports will disappear and thousands of American jobs will be in jeopardy. How much does it cost? Nothing. Zero. It is an ideological mindset that the Repub-licans have—they don’t like govern-ment programs. 
We are losing internationally. We are 
losing trade. I don’t think anyone can call the Boeing Company a leftwing liberal group, as the Republican leader refers to people who are complaining 
about what is going on here. Boeing thinks something should be done with the Export-Import Bank. Why? Because 
they can compete with Airbus and all of these other companies that build airplanes. If we don’t have the Bank, they cannot compete. 
Mr. President, I could pick any State 
of the 50—I was given here this morn-ing the State of Virginia because the State of Virginia was mentioned in some of the remarks by the Republican leader. I have page after page—millions and millions of dollars that benefit businesses in Virginia. It is the same all over the country—in Nevada, Ken-tucky, everyplace. 
We have talked about trade that 
won’t work. Let’s talk about the Ex-port-Import Bank, which does work. I so admire and appreciate the persist-ence and advocacy of the Senator from Washington, Ms. C
ANTWELL . But for 
her, this issue would be lost. It would be gone with all the other stuff that goes into the trash can because of the Republicans. 
The Republican leader has said over 
and over again that he is opposed to the Bank. Well, that is too bad. The American people certainly support it and American businesses support it. 
Last year, this vital program sustained 165,000 jobs at no cost to the taxpayers. If we don’t reauthorize this program, American businesses will be at a com-petitive disadvantage. 
While the majority leader talks 
about restoring faith in government, he is standing in the way of reforming the National Security Agency’s illegal spying program. I did not make up the words ‘‘illegal spying program’’; the Second Circuit Court said it. It is an il-legal program. 
These are just a few areas where re-
newed focus would create jobs and produce positive outcomes for middle- class Americans. The Republican lead-er should revisit his vision, which up to this point has only been words. There has been no action. The direction this Congress has taken so far has only fo-cused on the desires of a few at the ex-pense of many. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the numbers I referred to from the State of Virginia be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VIRGINIA COMPANIES FINANCED BY EX-IM BANK FY07–FY15 
Source: Public Information; Ex–Im Bank Web Site 
Exporter City District Product Total insured shipments, 
guaranteed credit or 
disbursed loan amount Total exp value 
Abb Inc. ................................................................................................... South Boston ........ ...................... 05 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $97,428 $175,030 
Aeroprobe Corporation ............................................................................. Christiansburg ............... ............. 09 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $24,960 $24,960 
Alainn Llc ................................................................................................ Arlington ............ ......................... 08 Administrative, Management and Support Services .............................. $285,008 $285,008 
Alfa Laval Thermal Inc ........................................................................... Richmond ...................... ............. 03 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing and Sales ............................. $327,015 $397,159 
All American Business Consulting Llc .................................................... Chantilly .............................. ....... 10 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $93,760 $93,760 
Alliant Techsystems Operations, Inc ....................................................... Radford .............................. ......... 02 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing and Sales ............................. $128,303 $128,303 
Alpha Coal Sales Co., Llc ....................................................................... Bristol ........................ ................. 09 Ore & Mineral Mining and Sales ........................................................... $212,393,085 $212, 393,085 
Altum, Incorporated ................................................................................. Reston ..................... ................... 11 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $854,933 $854,933 
American Biosystems, Inc. ...................................................................... Roanoke ......................... ............. 06 Chemical Manufacturing and Sales ....................................................... $1,734,990 $1,734,990 
American Hardwood Industries, Llc ........................................................ Waynesboro ............................ ..... 06 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $18,000,000 $60,000,000 
American Hofmann Corporation .............................................................. Lynchburg ............................ ....... 06 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $44,728 $44,728 
Amscoglobal Llc ...................................................................................... Vienna .................... .................... 11 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $192,236 $192,236 
Aon International Space Brokers ............................................................ Rosslyn ............................. .......... 08 Insurance ................................................................................................ $20,592,9 35 $24,169,936 
Aon International Space Brokers ............................................................ Rosslyn ............................. .......... 08 Insurance ................................................................................................ $20,339,6 86 $23,310,434 
Aquamatic Inc ......................................................................................... Roanoke .................. .................... 09 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $66,129 $66,129 
Augusta Lumber, Llc ............................................................................... Waynesboro ................... .............. 06 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $278,849 $278,849 
Bakery Holdings Llc ................................................................................. Richmond ................... ................ 03 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $3,600,000 $14,000,000  
Banner Aerospace Holding Company, Inc. .............................................. McLean ..................................... .. 11 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing and Sales ............................ $16,200,000 $72,000,000 
Banner Aerospace, Inc. ........................................................................... Ashburn ....................... ............... 10 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing and Sales ............................ $13,500,000 $40,000,000 
Beach Mold & Tool Virginia, Inc. ............................................................ Emporia ............................ .......... 04 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $65,225 $65,225 
Birdsong Peanuts .................................................................................... Suffolk .................... .................... 04 Crop Production and Sales ..................................................................... $669,955 $ 669,955 
Blue Ridge Mountain Resources, Llc ...................................................... Charlottesville ........................ .... 05 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $128,960 $128,960 
Blue Ridge Numerics Inc ........................................................................ Charlottesville ................. ........... 05 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $450,000 $4,250,000 
Bone Doctors’ Bbq, Llc ........................................................................... Charlottesville ............... ............. 05 Food Manufacturing and Sales .............................................................. $45,158 $45,158 
Bontex, Inc ............................................................................................... Buena Vista .......... ...................... 06 Chemical Manufacturing and Sales ....................................................... $6,748,307 $6,7 48,307 
Boss Lumber Corporation ........................................................................ Galax ........................... ............... 09 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $72,936 $72,936 
Brg Machinery Consulting ....................................................................... Charlottesville ................. ........... 05 Administrative, Management and Support Services .............................. $59,219 $98,625 
Bristol Compressors International, Inc. .................................................. Bristol ............................... .......... 09 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $162,000,000 $250,000,000 
Cableform Incorporated ........................................................................... Troy .......................... ................... 07 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $7,091,630 $7,091,630 
Cadence, Inc. ........................................................................................... Staunton ............... ...................... 06 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $5,553,034 $5,553,034 
Campofrio Food Group America Inc ........................................................ South Chesterfield ..................... . 04 Food Manufacturing and Sales .............................................................. $4,713,286 $4,713,286 
Catoctin Creek Distilling Co, Llc ............................................................ Purcellville ...................... ............ 18 Beverage and Tobacco Product Mfg and Sales ..................................... $35,741 $35,741 
Commercial Lynks Inc. ............................................................................ Alexandria .................... ............... 08 Food Manufacturing and Sales .............................................................. $50,357,430 $83,947 ,430 
Delta Star, Inc ......................................................................................... Lynchburg .............. ..................... 06 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $106,705 $2,022,564 
Dexter W Estes ........................................................................................ Lyndhurst ................ .................... 06 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $10,062 $10,062 
Dupont Teijin Films ................................................................................. Chester .................... ................... 04 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $245,813 $245,813 
Dupont Teijin Films ................................................................................. Hopewell ................... .................. 04 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $373,931 $373,931 
Dupont Teijin Films ................................................................................. Hopewell ................... .................. 04 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $297,603 $297,603 
Eagle Paper International, Inc. ............................................................... Virginia Beach ................... ......... 02 Paper Manufacturing and Sales ............................................................ $43,116,377 $43,116,377 
Earthwalk Communications Inc. ............................................................. Manassas ............................. ...... 10 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $1,192 $1,192 
East Coast Impex, Llc ............................................................................. Manassas ..................... .............. 01 Crop Production and Sales ..................................................................... $1,129,413 $1,12 9,413 
Ekpac China Inc. ..................................................................................... Arlington ................. .................... 08 Other Service Providers .......................................................................... $18,179 ,979 $21,388,210 
Erath Veneer Corporation of Virginia ...................................................... Rocky Mount .......................... ..... 05 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $10,443,221 $10,443,221 
F R Drake Company ................................................................................ Waynesboro .................... ............. 06 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $303,025 $356,500 
Federal Pacific Transformer Company .................................................... Bristol ................................. ........ 09 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $55,248 $55,248 
Ferguson Enterprises, Inc. ....................................................................... Newport News .................. ........... 02 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing and Sales ............................. $4,269,751 $5,441,608 
Fitzgerald Lumber & Log Co., Inc. .......................................................... Buena Vista ......................... ....... 06 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $11,464,695 $11,464,695 
Fleshner & Kim Llp ................................................................................. Herndon ..................... ................. 11 Judicial Systems and Public Safety Institutions .................................... $900,000 $3,000,000 
Flowserve Corporation ............................................................................. Chesapeake ................... ............. 04 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $5,733,476 $7,267,029 
Foley Material Handling Co., Inc ............................................................ Ashland ............................ .......... 07 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $2,160,000 $6,000,000 
Freightcar America .................................................................................. Roanoke .................... .................. 06 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $2,842,665 $3,326,30 0 
Gala Industries, Inc. ................................................................................ Eagle Rock ................ ................. 06 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $238,145 $279,810 
Gatekeeper, Inc. ....................................................................................... Sterling ................ ....................... 10 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $2,464,016 $2,464,016  
GeoScienceWorld ...................................................................................... Arlington ................. .................... 08 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $27,797 $49,118 
Gigamedia Access Corporation ............................................................... Herndon ............................. ......... 11 Internet Content & Service Providers ..................................................... $810,000 $1,000,000 
Global Food Connection, Inc. .................................................................. Danville ......................... ............. 05 Food Manufacturing and Sales .............................................................. $16,685,410 $16,685,4 10 
Good Harbor Consulting, L.L.C. ............................................................... Arlington ......................... ............ 08 Administrative, Management and Support Services .............................. $3,500,000 $3,500,000 
Group Logic Inc. ...................................................................................... Arlington ................ ..................... 08 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $4,928,867 $4,928,8 67 
H Y International Corporation ................................................................. Great Falls ...................... ............ 10 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $12,224,288 $12,224,288 
H2gen Innovations, Inc. .......................................................................... Alexandria .................... ............... 08 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $3,600,000 $12,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.004 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3092 May 20, 2015 
VIRGINIA COMPANIES FINANCED BY EX-IM BANK FY07–FY15—Continued 
Source: Public Information; Ex–Im Bank Web Site 
Exporter City District Product Total insured shipments, 
guaranteed credit or 
disbursed loan amount Total exp value 
Harris Corporation ................................................................................... Lynchburg ................. .................. 06 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $3,050,149 $3,588,411 
Honeywell International Inc. .................................................................... Hopewell ....................... .............. 04 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $44,542,810 $44,542,810 
Independent Project Analysis .................................................................. Ashburn .......................... ............ 10 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $1,179,672 $2,053,027 
Integrated Global Services, Inc. .............................................................. Midlothian ....................... ........... 07 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing and Sales ............................. $2,250,000 $7,000,000 
International Intranco Inc. ...................................................................... McLean ........................ ............... 11 Food Manufacturing and Sales .............................................................. $58,058 $58,058 
International Veneer Company, Inc. ........................................................ South Hill ........................... ........ 05 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $35,204 $35,204 
Interstate Resources, Inc. ....................................................................... Arlington ..................... ................ 08 Paper Manufacturing and Sales ............................................................ $47,450,946 $47,450 ,946 
Intertape Polymer Corp. .......................................................................... Danville ...................... ................ 05 Textile Mills, Products and Sales ........................................................... $219,378 $219,37 8 
K2m, Inc. ................................................................................................. Leesburg ............. ........................ 10 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $45,000,000 $68,000,000 
Longwall Associates, Inc ......................................................................... Chilhowie ..................... ............... 09 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $4,649,120 $5,240,000 
M.I.C. Industries, Inc. .............................................................................. Reston .................... .................... 11 Building Construction ............................................................................. $4,485 ,411 $4,485,411 
Maersk Line, Limited ............................................................................... Norfolk ..................... ................... 03 Transportation Services .......................................................................... $4,208,6 10 $5,665,164 
Meadwestvaco Corporation ..................................................................... Richmond .......................... ......... 03 Paper Manufacturing and Sales ............................................................ $10,906,229 $10,906,229 
Meadwestvaco Corporation ..................................................................... Glen Allen ........................ ........... 07 Paper Manufacturing and Sales ............................................................ $25,531,495 $25,531,495 
Microxact, Inc. ......................................................................................... Blacksburg ............. .................... 09 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $282,699 $282,699 
Mitsubishi Plastics Composites America, Inc ........................................ Chesapeake ................................ 04  Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $70,559,724 $70,559,724 
Monoflo International, Inc ....................................................................... Winchester .................... .............. 10 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $192,596 $192,596 
Moog Inc .................................................................................................. Blacksburg ........... ...................... 26 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $64,749 $74,448 
Mountain Lumber Co, Inc ....................................................................... Ruckersville ..................... ........... 05 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $108,000 $108,000 
Mpri, Inc. ................................................................................................. Alexandria .......... ......................... 08 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $5,687,287 $5,687,2 87 
Musser Lumber Company, Inc. ............................................................... Rural Retreat ........................ ...... 09 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $500,052 $500,052 
New River Energetics .............................................................................. Radford ...................... ................. 09 Chemical Manufacturing and Sales ....................................................... $464,493 $464,493 
Ngk-Locke Polymer Insulators ................................................................. Virginia Beach .................... ........ 02 Nonmetallic Mineral Product Mfg and Sales ......................................... $353,142 $404,420 
Ofic North America Inc ........................................................................... Fredericksburg ................ ............ 07 Petroleum and Coal Products Mfg and Sales ........................................ $7,092,241 $7,092,241 
Ontario Hardwood Company, Inc. ........................................................... Keysville ............................. ......... 05 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $978,099 $978,099 
Optical Cable Corporation ....................................................................... Roanoke ........................ .............. 09 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $45,125,589 $45,125,589 
Orbital Sciences Corporation .................................................................. Dulles ........................... .............. 10 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing and Sales ............................ $198,098,585 $221,843,173 
Pipeline Research Council International ................................................. Falls Church ........................... .... 11 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $115,189 $215,694 
Potomac Supply Corporation ................................................................... Kinsale ........................... ............. 01 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $4,549,757 $4,549,757 
Potomac Supply Llc ................................................................................. Kinsale ..................... ................... 01 Wood Product Manufacturing and Sales ................................................ $2,279,798 $2,279,798  
Qmt Associates, Inc. ............................................................................... Manassas Park ............... ............ 10 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $774,329 $774,329 
QubicaAMF Worldwide ............................................................................. Mechanicsville ................. ........... 07 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $1,036,184 $1,093,397 
Questel-Orbit, Incorporated ..................................................................... Alexandria ..................... .............. 08 Internet Content & Service Providers ..................................................... $3,482 $6,121 
Reynolds Consumer Products Inc ........................................................... Richmond .............................. ..... 07 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $11,134,393 $11,134,393 
Rock Tools Inc. ........................................................................................ Bristol ................. ........................ 08 Not Identified ...................................................................................... .... $1,950,000 $1,950,000 
Rowe Fine Furniture Inc .......................................................................... Elliston ...................... ................. 09 Furniture Manufacturing and Sales ....................................................... $6,637,470 $6,637,4 70 
Rubatex International Llc ........................................................................ Bedford ....................... ................ 05 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $97,118 $97,118 
Sena Mining Products Llc ....................................................................... Alexandria ...................... ............. 08 Administrative, Management and Support Services .............................. $347,452 $347,452 
Sherr & Jiang Pllc ................................................................................... Herndon ................... ................... 11 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $30,324 $30,324 
Sherr & Vaughn, Pllc .............................................................................. Herndon ...................... ................ 11 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $4,301,139 $4,301,139 
Simplimatic Engineering Holdings, Llc ................................................... Evington ............................... ...... 05 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $7,496,797 $7,496,797 
Spectra Quest, Inc. .................................................................................. Richmond .................. ................. 07 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $24,204 $42,308 
Strongwell Corporation ............................................................................ Bristol ...................... ................... 09 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $2,156 $2,733 
Sutron Corporation .................................................................................. Sterling ................... .................... 10 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $738,000 $750,000 
Team Askin Technologies, Inc. ................................................................ Fairfax ........................... ............. 10 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $31,749,708 $90,227,708 
Telarix, Inc. .............................................................................................. Vienna .............. .......................... 11 Internet Content & Service Providers ..................................................... $39,150,0 00 $144,767,956 
Test Dynamics Inc ................................................................................... Warrenton .................. ................. 05 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $68,369 $68,369 
Tetra Tech, Inc. ....................................................................................... Fairfax ................. ....................... 11 Administrative, Management and Support Services .............................. $18,069,977 $25,648,305 
Thomas & Betts Corporation .................................................................. Richmond ........................... ........ 03 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $473,944 $473,944 
Transprint Usa, Inc ................................................................................. Harrisonburg ............... ................ 06 Administrative, Management and Support Services .............................. $14,812,918 $14,812,918 
Tread Corporation .................................................................................... Roanoke ................... ................... 06 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing and Sales ............................. $38,302,375 $93,588,729 
Trex Company, Inc. .................................................................................. Winchester ................. ................. 10 Plastics and Rubber Products Mfg and Sales ....................................... $39,143 $39,143 
Trinity Scientific, L.P. .............................................................................. Sandston ................. ................... 03 Other Misc Mfg and Sales of Non Capital Equipment .......................... $269,567 $269,567 
Turkey Knob Growers, Inc. ....................................................................... Timberville .................... .............. 06 Crop Production and Sales ..................................................................... $851,672 $851,67 2 
Turman-mercer Sawmills, Inc. ................................................................ Hillsville ......................... ............. 09 Specialty Trade Contractors ................................................................... $2,297,171 $2,297 ,171 
Universal Dynamics, Inc. ........................................................................ Woodbridge ..................... ............ 11 Machinery Manufacturing and Sales ..................................................... $3,201 $3,201 
Us Cosmeceutechs, Llc ........................................................................... North Chesterfield ............. ......... 04 Chemical Manufacturing and Sales ....................................................... $4,905,000 $7,000,000 
Usa Hardwoods Llc ................................................................................. Winchester ................... ............... 10 Administrative, Management and Support Services .............................. $172,076 $172,076 
Virginia Transformer Corp ....................................................................... Roanoke ........................ .............. 06 Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Sales .................................... $1,810,428 $2,566,663 
Vt Idirect, Inc. ......................................................................................... Herndon ............... ....................... 11 Telecommunication Services ................................................................... $1,552,0 92 $1,552,092 
Williams & Lu Llc ................................................................................... Alexandria ................. .................. 08 Professional, Scientific and Technical Services ..................................... $70,851 $70,851 
Zamma Corporation ................................................................................. Orange ....................... ................. 07 Furniture Manufacturing and Sales ....................................................... $3,185,044 $3,185,0 44 
Zenith Aviation, Inc. ................................................................................ Fredericksburg ............ ................ 01 Transportation Equipment Manufacturing and Sales ............................ $209,024 $209,024 
Mr. REID. Will the Chair be kind 
enough to tell us what the business is today in the Senate? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 1314, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
Pending: 
Hatch amendment No. 1221, in the nature 
of a substitute. Hatch (for Flake) amendment No. 1243 (to 
amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program. 
Hatch (for Inhofe/Coons) modified amend-
ment No. 1312 (to amendment No. 1221), to amend the African Growth and Opportunity Act to require the development of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for nego-tiating and entering into free trade agree-ments. 
Hatch (for McCain) amendment No. 1226 (to 
amendment No. 1221), to repeal a duplicative inspection and grading program. 
Stabenow (for Portman) amendment No. 
1299 (to amendment No. 1221), to make it a principal negotiating objective of the United States to address currency manipulation in trade agreements. 
Brown amendment No. 1251 (to amendment 
No. 1221), to require the approval of Congress before additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. 
Wyden (for Shaheen) amendment No. 1227 
(to amendment No. 1221), to make trade agreements work for small businesses. 
Wyden (for Warren) amendment No. 1327 
(to amendment No. 1221), to prohibit the ap-plication of the trade authorities procedures to an implementing bill submitted with re-spect to a trade agreement that includes in-vestor-state dispute settlement. Hatch modified amendment No. 1411 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by amend-ment No. 1299), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I want to 
take some time today to talk about proposals to include a currency manip-ulation negotiating objective in trade negotiations and the impact this issue is having on the debate over renewing trade promotion authority, or TPA. 
Currency manipulation has, for 
many, become the primary issue in the TPA debate. It has certainly gotten the focus of the media and other outside observers. Indeed, I suspect that every-one who has an interest in the outcome of the TPA debate—both for and against—is watching closely to see how the Senate will address this particular matter. 
Let me begin by saying that I recog-
nize the frustrations many have re-garding exchange rate policies of some of our trading partners, and I have committed to working with my col-leagues to arrive at ways to improve currency surveillance and mechanisms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:43 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.003 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3093 May 20, 2015 
for responding to problems. However, I 
want to be as plain as I can on this issue. While currency manipulation is an important issue, it is inappropriate and counterproductive to try to solve this problem solely through free-trade agreements. 
Nonetheless, I do not believe we 
should ignore currency manipulation, which is why, for the very first time, our TPA bill would elevate currency practices to a principal negotiation ob-jective. Now, let’s get that. For the first time in any trade bill, we elevate currency practices to a principal nego-tiation objective. We thought that would solve the problem. It means that if the administration fails to make progress in achieving this or any other objectives laid out in the bill, then the relevant trade agreement is subject to a procedural disapproval resolution and other mechanisms that would remove procedural protections. 
Of course, I understand that a num-
ber of my colleagues want to see more prescriptive language which would limit the range of tools available and require that trade sanctions be used to keep monetary policies in line. 
Most notably, we have the Portman- 
Stabenow amendment, which would create a negotiating objective requir-ing enforceable currency standards among parties to a trade agreement. The amendment goes on to say that these standards must be subject to the same dispute settlement procedures and remedies as all other elements of the trade agreement. While this ap-proach may sound reasonable on the surface, there are a number of very se-rious and complex policy issues to con-sider. I will address those specific con-cerns in some detail in just a few min-utes, but first I think we need to step back and take a look at the big pic-ture. 
I think I can boil this very com-
plicated issue down to a single point: The Portman-Stabenow amendment will kill TPA. I am not just saying that; it is at this point a verifiable fact. 
Yesterday, I received a letter from 
Treasury Secretary Lew outlining the Obama administration’s opposition to this amendment. The letter addresses a number of issues, some of which I will discuss later, but most importantly, at the end of the letter, Secretary Lew stated very plainly that he would rec-ommend that the President veto a TPA bill that included this amendment. That is pretty clear. It doesn’t leave much room for interpretation or specu-lation. No TPA bill that contains the language of the Portman-Stabenow amendment stands a chance of becom-ing law. 
I want to be clear. I have great re-
spect for the authors of this amend-ment. They are my friends, and I be-lieve they are well-intentioned. They have spent a lot of time making their case on their amendment, and I respect their points of view. But at this point, it is difficult—very difficult, in fact— for anyone in this Chamber to claim 
they support TPA and still vote in favor of the Portman-Stabenow amend-ment. The two, as of yesterday, have officially become mutually exclusive. 
For me, this issue is pretty cut and 
dry. However, I do recognize that per-haps not everyone will view these de-velopments the same way I do. But re-gardless of what anyone may think of Secretary Lew’s letter, the Portman- Stabenow amendment raises enough substantive policy concerns to warrant opposition on its own. 
Offhand, I can think of four separate 
consequences we would run into if the Senate were to adopt this amendment, and all of them would have a negative impact on U.S. economic interests. 
First, the Portman-Stabenow negoti-
ating objective would put the Trans- Pacific Partnership—or TPP—Agree-ment at grave risk, meaning that our farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers, not to mention the workers they em-ploy, would not get access to these im-portant foreign markets, resulting in fewer good, high-paying jobs for Amer-ican workers, and I should say higher paying jobs at that. 
We know this is the case. Virtually 
all of our major negotiating partners— most notably Japan—have already made clear that they will not agree to an enforceable provision like the one required by the Portman-Stabenow amendment. No country I am aware of, including the United States, has ever shown the willingness to have their monetary policies subject to potential trade sanctions. 
Adopting this amendment will have, 
at best, an immediate chilling effect on the TPP negotiations, and at worst, it will stop them in their tracks. If you don’t believe me, then take a look at the letter we received from 26 leading food and agricultural organizations, from the American Farm Bureau, to the National Pork Producers Council, to the Western Growers Association, urging Congress to reject the Portman- Stabenow amendment because it will, in their words, ‘‘most likely kill the TPP negotiations.’’ 
Put simply, not only will this amend-
ment kill TPA, it will very likely kill TPP—the Trans-Pacific Partnership— as well. 
Second, the Portman-Stabenow 
amendment would put at risk the Fed-eral Reserve’s independence in its abil-ity to formulate and execute monetary policies designed to protect and sta-bilize the U.S. economy. While some in this Chamber have made decrees that our domestic monetary policies do not constitute currency manipulation, we know that not all of our trading part-ners see it that way. 
Requiring the inclusion of enforce-
able rules on currency manipulation and subsequent trade sanctions in our free-trade agreements would provide other countries with a template for 
targeting U.S. monetary policies, sub-jecting our own agencies and policies to trade disputes and adjudication in international trade tribunals. We have already heard accusations in 
international commentaries by foreign finance ministers and central bankers that our own Fed—Federal Reserve, that is—has manipulated the value of the dollar to gain trade advantage. If the Portman-Stabenow amendment is adopted into TPA and these rules be-come part of our trade agreements, how long do you think it will take for our trading partners to enter disputes and seek remedies against Federal Re-serve quantitative easing policies? Not long, I would imagine. 
If the Portman-Stabenow amendment 
objective becomes part of our trade agreements, we will undoubtedly see formal actions to impose sanctions on U.S. trade under the guise that the Federal Reserve has manipulated our currency for trade advantage. We will also be hearing from other countries that Fed policy is causing instability in their financial markets and econo-mies, and unless the Fed takes a dif-ferent path, those countries could argue for relief or justify their own ex-change rate policies to gain some trade advantage for themselves. 
While we may not agree with those 
allegations, the point is that under the Portman-Stabenow formulation, judg-ments and verdicts on our policies will be taken out of our hands and, rather, can be rendered by international trade tribunals. I don’t know anybody who really wants that. 
I am well aware that in an attempt 
to address this concern, the latest version of the Portman-Stabenow amendment states that their enforce-able rules do not apply to ‘‘the exercise of domestic monetary policy.’’ But for those of us living here in the United States, that clarification does not pro-vide much comfort. After all, the U.S. dollar is the global currency—that is, currently the global currency. If we fail to pass this bill—we have already seen China start to move toward hav-ing the yuan become the global cur-rency. I will say again that the U.S. dollar is a global currency. In fact, it is the primary reserve currency in the world, and its value has an impact on markets everywhere. So for the United States, the question as to what is a do-mestic monetary policy and what is not is open to a lot of debate, and I don’t think any of us want those de-bates being resolved in some inter-national trade tribunal, which is what is going to happen. 
Moreover, contrary to what many of 
my colleagues seem to be arguing, no one in international trade—not the Treasury, not the IMF, not the G7, not the G20, not anyone in the world—has accurate tools in place to measure what is and what is not currency ma-nipulation or what is purely domestic policy and what is intended to be inter-national. Even if we demanded enforce-able currency standards in our trade agreements, this simple fact will not change. 
Basing trade sanctions on existing 
methods which have thus far proven to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.005 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3094 May 20, 2015 
be unreliable is fraught with risks— 
risks we should not undertake. 
For example, IMF models recently 
showed that in 2013, Japan’s currency was anywhere between around 15 per-cent undervalued and 15 percent over-valued. Given that range, what is an international trade tribunal to do if asked to set trade sanctions based on allegations of currency manipulation? Who in the heck knows. But if we in-sert these standards into our trade agreements, we would not only subject our trading partners to possible trade sanctions based on indefinite stand-ards, the United States would face similar risks. This is a recipe for trade and currency wars—a situation I think we would all like to avoid. 
Third, under this amendment—that 
is, the Portman-Stabenow amend-ment—the traditional role of the U.S. Treasury in setting U.S. exchange rate policies would be watered down and po-tentially overruled in international trade tribunals. Do we want that? Thus, adoption of the Portman-Stabe-now negotiating objective cedes inde-pendence and full authority over not only monetary policy for the Federal Reserve but also exchange rate policy for the Treasury. 
Fourth, the Portman-Stabenow 
amendment would create incentives for our trading partners to evade regular reporting and transparency of ex-change rate policies. If currency stand-ards become enforceable and imme-diately subject to sanctions under a trade agreement, the parties on that agreement would almost certainly start withholding full participation in reporting and monitoring mechanisms that would otherwise enable us to iden-tify exchange rate interventions and work against them. 
Put simply, we cannot enforce rules 
against unfair exchange rate practices. If we do not have information about them, we can’t enforce the rules. Under the Portman-Stabenow amendment, our trading partners are far more like-ly to engage in interventions in the shadows, hiding from detection out of fear that they could end up being sub-jected to trade sanctions. I don’t think anybody wants that, but that is what is going to happen. 
For these reasons and others, the 
Portman-Stabenow amendment is the wrong approach. Still, I do recognize that currency manipulation is a legiti-mate concern and one we need to ad-dress in a serious, thoughtful way. 
Toward that end, Senator W
YDEN and 
I have filed an amendment that would expand on the currency negotiating ob-jective that is already in the TPA bill to give our country more tools to ad-dress currency manipulation without the problems and risks that would come part and parcel with the Portman-Stabenow amendment. 
The Portman-Stabenow amendment 
would provide a single tool to address currency manipulation: enforceable rules subject to sanctions. As I think I have demonstrated, this, for a variety of reasons, is a pretty blunt, unreli-
able, and imprecise instrument, given the realities of the global economy. 
By contrast, the Hatch-Wyden 
amendment would put a number of tools at our disposal. Specifically, the amendment calls for enhanced trans-parency, disclosure, reporting, moni-toring, cooperative mechanisms, as well as enforceable rules. Our amend-ment, which would provide maximum flexibility, is a better alternative for addressing currency manipulation for a number of reasons. 
First, it would preserve the integrity 
of our current trade negotiations. Once again, if we insert an absolute require-ment for enforceable currency rules and required sanctions into the ongo-ing TPP negotiations, many, if not all, of our negotiating partners will almost certainly walk away. The Hatch-Wyden amendment would pose no threat to the TPP negotiations or any other trade deals. 
Second, our amendment would not 
threaten the independence of the Fed-eral Reserve or subject our own mone-tary and exchange rate policies to pos-sible sanctions based on indefinite standards. Unlike the Portman-Stabe-now amendment, it does not give other countries a roadmap to accuse the United States of using its policies in-tended for domestic growth and sta-bility as tools for currency manipula-tion. 
Third, it would increase transparency 
and accountability of our trading part-ners’ currency practices. This is abso-lutely crucial. Put simply, we cannot counteract practices that we cannot readily observe. The Portman-Stabe-now amendment would tell our trading partners that if you engage in full re-porting and transparency, you run the risk of having an international tri-bunal detect your actions in ways that will generate trade sanctions. The in-centive, then, is for countries not to be transparent and instead to put their currency policies further in the shad-ows, hiding away information that could end up being used in trade dis-putes. 
Our trade agreements should provide 
incentives for countries to go in the op-posite direction: full disclosure and ac-countability of currency practices. The Hatch-Wyden amendment would pro-vide a more effective incentive struc-ture. 
Finally, and in the current context, 
most importantly, the Hatch-Wyden amendment would not result in a veto of the TPA bill. It is, in fact, supported by the Obama administration, not to mention business and agriculture stakeholders across the country. 
I suppose one could say we have come 
full circle. After what I hope has been an interesting discussion of important policy considerations, we are back at the simple, uncomplicated truth. If nothing I have said here today about the complexities of currency and mone-tary policy has resonated with my col-leagues, this fact remains: A vote for the Portman-Stabenow amendment is a 
vote to kill TPA. 
I am sure that sounds good to some 
of my colleagues who are fundamen-tally opposed to what we are trying to do here, but for those who support free trade, open markets, and high-paying jobs for American workers, this truth is inescapable. 
But, once again, this doesn’t mean 
we should stand by and do nothing about currency manipulation. The Hatch-Wyden amendment will provide an effective path to improve trans-parency, measurement, and monitoring of our trading partners’ currency prac-tices, and effective and transparent ways to counteract anyone seeking to manipulate currencies for unfair trade advantage. 
The Hatch-Wyden amendment will 
allow Congress to speak forcefully on the issue of currency manipulation without putting our trade agreements and domestic policies in limbo. 
For Senators who are sincerely con-
cerned about currency manipulation— and I am one of those Senators—the Hatch-Wyden amendment would ad-dress these issues in a far more produc-tive way. 
So, at this point, the choice should 
be pretty clear. We have strong indica-tions that the House cannot pass a TPA bill with the Portman-Stabenow language. Even if it could pass the House, Secretary Lew has made it very clear that including that provision in our bill would compel President Obama to veto it. 
The Hatch-Wyden amendment, on the 
other hand, would strengthen our hand by providing a workable set of tools to counteract currency manipulation in a way that would protect our interests and achieve real results and, most im-portantly, it would preserve our ability to enact TPA so we can negotiate strong trade agreements that will help grow our economy and create jobs. 
That is the choice we face with these 
two amendments. I call on my col-leagues who support TPA to oppose the Portman-Stabenow currency amend-ment and support the Hatch-Wyden al-ternative. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, first of 
all, I wish for colleagues to know that I think Chairman H
ATCH has made 
some very important points with re-spect to the currency issue and for col-leagues to know that the approach of the chairman and me is to make sure we can have tough, enforceable cur-rency rules without doing damage to American monetary policy or the abil-ity to fight big economic challenges in the days ahead that we think would come about with the amendment of-fered by the Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN . 
By the way, I want colleagues to 
know that currency is going to be in the Customs conference. Chairman H
ATCH and I have discussed this point 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.007 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3095 May 20, 2015 
as well. We felt very strongly about 
making sure there is a Customs con-ference that goes right to the heart of the enforcement agenda. In that Cus-toms conference—and the chairman and I have been able to secure a com-mitment from the President and from Chairman R
YAN—that Customs con-
ference is going to take place right 
when we get back. The President of the United States indicated last night that he wants us to get this done in June. So we are going to have a chance to tackle currency in that conference. Senator B
ENNET worked closely with 
the chairman and I so we got some-thing in the committee that we thought was a smart, practical step. The chairman and I are talking today about something that is also strong and enforceable that would not produce the downside I have outlined. 
So I want colleagues to understand 
there is an opportunity, particularly on the currency issue, very quickly, to put in place very tough, practical rules that get us the upside in terms of pro-tecting the American economy without some of the downsides I have outlined and that Chairman H
ATCH has de-
scribed as well. 
What I want to do particularly this 
morning is, given yesterday, talk about some of the very positive developments we saw yesterday. I wish to express my appreciation to Chairman H
ATCH again 
for working closely with me on these issues. 
I will start by talking about Senator 
M
ENENDEZ . Senator M ENENDEZ , as do 
many of us, feels very strongly about human trafficking, about compelled labor, about commercial sex. He has made it very clear he wants to stop trafficking and he wants us to come up with a fresh policy. So he offered an amendment in the Finance Committee and it passed. All over the press for the next few days—and Chairman H
ATCH  
remembers this—were accounts: Poison pill is going to end the possibility of finding a way forward on the trade pro-motion act. The headlines were every-where. The general view in the press was Western civilization was about to end because of the adoption of the Menendez amendment. 
Well, Senator M
ENENDEZ believes in 
legislating. He believes what we ought to be doing when there are important issues, contentious issues—that we need to find a way to bring everyone together. So what Senator M
ENENDEZ  
did—and I was very pleased to be able to play a modest role in this—is he brought together all of the groups. He brought together the administration, the U.S. Trade Representative, and outstanding organizations that fight trafficking and, without any headlines and without any drama, did the nuts- and-bolts work to make sure that now we are going to have a new process. We are going to have a new process that ensures that the President is going to report to the Congress on the concrete steps the country takes to crack down on trafficking. Now, it didn’t make headlines this 
morning. It doesn’t make headlines when you work with both sides and all the parties outside of the bright lights. But today we now have an opportunity to move forward, in a bipartisan way, on an issue that a couple of weeks ago was described as a poison pill, the end of TPA, causing the entire Senate to be paralyzed because it wouldn’t be pos-sible to move forward. 
I bring this up only by way of saying 
that I hope today—and I am going to be here throughout the day trying to work with both sides to try to find a way to get amendments considered and to do as Senator M
ENENDEZ did over 
the last 10 days or so to actually solve a problem and make it possible for us to up the ante against this plague of trafficking but also make it possible to move forward on this legislation. 
I would also like to note that all this 
work went on when everyone under-stood that Senator M
ENENDEZ has been 
opposed to the legislation and Chair-man H
ATCH and I have been for it. But 
the idea was that both sides care about trying to fight trafficking. Both sides understood that if we worked together, there was an opportunity to really solve a problem. 
In my view, Senator M
ENENDEZ de-
serves great credit for doing what is the most important work in the Sen-ate, legislating and trying to bring peo-ple together of disparate views. In doing so, what Senator M
ENENDEZ ac-
complished was to show the country and the Senate that we can take an-other step for trade done right. 
Trade done right is my vision of 
where we ought to go. We have heard about free trade and fair trade. What we want is trade done right. Because Senator M
ENENDEZ was willing to put 
in all this time on his trafficking bill, we took, on a bipartisan basis, an issue that was a poison pill whenever it was discussed just about anywhere in the country and we turned it into a better approach to fight trafficking. We were able to advance the cause of being able to move forward, and I look forward to seeing that passed. 
A second area where we made a lot of 
progress yesterday was on enforcing our trade laws. Particularly important about this, because virtually every time I have ever talked about pro-moting trade—pretty important in my State where one out of five jobs de-pends on trade—I have said that pass-ing new trade agreements and doing a better job of enforcing the trade laws are two sides of the same coin. The rea-son I reached that judgment was be-cause of what a number of skeptics about this issue brought up—and I think it is a legitimate concern—which is: Why is everybody in Washington, DC, talking about new trade laws when they are not doing everything to en-force the laws we have on the books? Chairman H
ATCH and I talked about 
this many times and both of us agreed we needed a robust enforcement pack-age. We were able to get important meas-
ures into our Finance bill—measures that were sought by a number of our colleagues. Senator B
ROWN had a num-
ber of provisions. I was particularly in-terested in what is called the EN-FORCE Act. This is something I devel-oped back when I was chair of the trade subcommittee. 
We had put together a sting oper-
ation to catch scofflaws overseas who were trying to avoid our trade laws. In effect, what they were doing was mer-chandise laundering. They would be found to be in violation of our dumping or our trade rules in one country and they would just move to another and try to move it through another nation, and we caught them on it. Many par-ties responded to the sting operation saying: We are in. We are anxious to stop this merchandise laundering. So I don’t take a backseat to anybody in terms of enforcing our trade laws. 
So after Chairman H
ATCH and I got 
that through the Finance Committee, the second step was we had a separate vote in the Senate on a very strong Customs and Enforcement package. That was step No. 2. But at that time, a number of observers said: Well, noth-ing is going to happen. It got passed here in the Senate, but that bill is not going anywhere, not going to happen. That is the end of the topic. 
Chairman H
ATCH and I, working to-
gether with Chairman R YAN, said: Of 
course we are going to have a con-ference. We feel very strongly about this. So we put out a statement earlier in this week saying: You bet there is going to be a conference in June, and we are committed to getting this done. 
Chairman R
YANhas indicated that he 
is going to take each of the trade bills—all four of them—up on the same day in the other body. He is going to pass them all, and then we will have a conference. After that happened, I was told that, well, that sounds good, but we are still not going to have much. Is the administration going to be for it? 
So, yesterday, in consultation with 
Chairman H
ATCH and myself and oth-
ers, the President put out a very strong statement explicitly stating what he wanted in that conference, and he wanted it in June. He talked again about Senator B
ROWN ’s measures, 301, 
the level playing field, and the EN-FORCE Act. I was very pleased he men-tioned child labor. 
So a tough, strong enforcement pack-
age is going to happen. I am going to insist on it. Chairman H
ATCH has 
pledged to me he is going to insist on it. It is going to happen. All of that was essentially nailed down in the last 24 hours. 
So two big issues, two very signifi-
cant issues, which were both consid-ered to be show-stoppers: The Menen-dez amendment, fixed. All the head-lines about poison pills, no longer valid. Senator M
ENENDEZ has fixed it. 
Chairman H ATCH , to his credit, has 
been willing to work with me and with the President. We are going to have a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.009 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3096 May 20, 2015 
strong enforcement package and we are 
going to have it in June and it is going to become law as part of the Customs conference. 
The Senate spent a lot of time yes-
terday debating an important issue, which is the future of the Export-Im-port Bank. I want to thank my Pacific Northwest colleague and friend Sen-ator C
ANTWELL for all of her leader-
ship—all of her leadership over the years—in trying to renew the Export- Import Bank. She has been the one who has pointed out: If you have trade laws, which we are trying to promote with the trade promotion act, but you aren’t using the tools that you need to get the maximum value—wring the maximum value out of those new laws—you are missing opportunities that are impor-tant for our Nation. So I urge the ma-jority leader to work closely with Sen-ator C
ANTWELL to make that happen. 
Finally, I have been pleased to see a 
robust debate on a number of issues, particularly issues that have been im-portant to Senator W
ARREN and Sen-
ator B ROWN . What I have said from the 
very beginning and what I am going to be here all day working on is this: There are Senators who feel strongly about promoting the trade promotion act; there are Senators who are op-posed to it. I am obviously for the agreement, but every single day I am looking for opportunities for both sides to be heard and to be able to advance their ideas. It started long before we actually had votes in the Senate Fi-nance Committee, and it is going to continue every single day that I have the opportunity to serve in the Senate. 
These are important issues. I thought 
it was particularly important that Sen-ator W
ARREN ’s investor-state provision 
be able to get a vote early on in the proceeding—obviously an issue that there has been great debate on—and there are many more important amendments to this package. 
So I want colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to know I am going to be here throughout the day—throughout the day—looking for ways that all Sen-ators, whether they are for the agree-ment or against the agreement, will have an opportunity to have their pri-orities considered on this trade legisla-tion. 
I will just wrap up, colleagues, by 
way of saying that the reason this issue is so important is we debate con-tinually about how to get more high- wage jobs in our country. Continually we debate that because we want higher wages for our constituents. The evi-dence is that trade jobs pay better than do the nontrade jobs. We need more of them. 
There was a report this morning that 
my State has a significant trade sur-plus, and we are very proud of that. There are other States that don’t. Let’s promote legislation that allows us to secure more exports, particularly in the developing world, where there are going to be a billion middle-class con-sumers in 2025. We want them to ‘‘Buy American,’’ because when they do, it 
creates the opportunity for us to have more of those export value-added, high- productivity jobs that pay our workers better wages and that strengthen our middle class. 
It is going to be a busy day, and I 
look forward to working, again, with both sides so Senators, whether they are for the TPA or whether they are against it, feel they have a chance to raise their issues and be treated fairly. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL SECURITY  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, 
today, President Obama is heading to Connecticut, where I understand he is going to be addressing the graduates at the Coast Guard Academy. He plans to talk about threats to our national se-curity. 
I think many Americans would be as-
tonished to learn the President’s planned discussion on national security is going to center on climate change. After all, Americans understand there are much more immediate threats fac-ing our Nation, such as the fall of Ramadi in Iraq and the brutal terrorist attacks by ISIS. These are clear exam-ples of the real threats that must be addressed by President Obama. 
I would encourage the President to 
spend this time today addressing America’s most pressing national secu-rity threats. The President and his na-tional security team must deliver strong leadership and an effective strategy to fight the terrorists who want to attack our country and kill more Americans. This should be the focus of the President’s speech today. This should be our most pressing na-tional security concern. 
OBAMACARE  
Mr. President, I would also like to 
talk about an important issue that is facing Americans and they will soon need to be seeing, which is that next month the Supreme Court is expected to announce a decision in the case of King v. Burwell. This is a case that has been brought on behalf of millions of Americans who have been harmed by the President’s unlawful expansion of his unworkable and unaffordable health care law. 
Sometime before the end of June, the 
Court is going to announce if the law passed by Congress means what it says or if it means what the President wish-es it had said. The law, written by Democrats in Congress, written behind closed doors, only authorized insurance subsidies for one group, and the Presi-dent had the IRS pay subsidies to an-other group. 
The President gave bureaucrats 
much more power to control the health care choices and decisions of people who never should have been caught under the law. The Supreme Court 
should strike down this alarming over-reach by the President. If it does, that will give Congress an opportunity to address some of the devastating prob-lems the health care law has caused. 
It seems like every week we see an-
other headline about another damaging side effect of the President’s health care law. Here is one example from a story yesterday morning, the front page of Investor’s Business Daily: ‘‘ObamaCare Rates Will Soar In 2016, Early Data Signal.’’ Average 18.16 per-cent hike proposed. It is an astonishing fact that people are facing—increasing rates, soaring again in 2016. 
Insurance companies that sell plans 
in the ObamaCare exchange are start-ing to set their rates for next year. There are a series of articles that con-tinue to come out. One says that the top ObamaCare exchange insurers in six different States where the 2016 rate requests have already been filed—and they will come in every State—are seeking rate changes that average 18.6 percent just next year alone. Early re-ports range from an alarming 36-per-cent hike sought by the dominant in-surer in Tennessee to a hefty 23-per-cent average increase requested by Or-egon insurers. People across the coun-try saw these rates go up at the begin-ning of this year, and now they are fac-ing it again. They are starting to learn that it was not just a 1-year deal. 
There is another story that came out 
May 7 in the Connecticut Mirror. The article says that insurance companies selling health plans through the State’s health insurance exchange are seeking to raise rates next year, with an average increase somewhere be-tween 2 and nearly 14 percent. 
You take a look; it is outrageous. I know the Senator from Connecticut 
has come to the floor saying that we should be celebrating ObamaCare— celebrating it, he said. Well, with these rate increases for families in Con-necticut, it looks to me like the party is over. ObamaCare was supposed to bring costs down. That is what the President promised. He said premiums would go down by an average of $2,500 per year, per family. It has not hap-pened. For an average family who gets coverage through their work, the pre-miums have gone up about $3,500 since the President took office in 2009. 
Why do we still see headlines about 
premiums going up by 14 percent or even 2 percent? Why are they going up at all? Why are the promises Demo-crats made about the health care law not coming true? Why are ObamaCare rates set to soar again in 2016? Why are people in places like Connecticut still seeing headlines about their costs going up by 14 percent? 
A few weeks ago, the Democratic 
leader said on the floor that ObamaCare is a ‘‘smashing success.’’ He stood right over there and said it— it is a ‘‘smashing success.’’ Is there a Democrat who thinks that a 14-percent increase to families in Connecticut is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.011 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3097 May 20, 2015 
smashing success or that an 18.6-per-
cent average across the country is a smashing success? 
We are going to see this same story 
about soaring insurance rates repeated all across America. And it is not just the ObamaCare premiums that are causing problems for families. Here is a headline from the Washington Post on Friday: ‘‘Insured, but still not able to afford care.’’ 
‘‘For one in four who bought health 
coverage, some costs remained too high.’’ So they have insurance, but they are still not able to get care. Peo-ple who have insurance have been avoiding going to see the doctor. That is according to a new study by the lib-eral advocacy group called Families USA. This was an advocacy group who was a huge supporter of the President’s health care law and a huge supporter of the President. Even this group has to admit that coverage does not equal care. There is a difference. The group’s executive director is quoted in this ar-ticle in the Washington Post as saying, ‘‘The key culprit as to why people have been unable to afford medical care de-spite coverage is high deductibles.’’ Well, I agree. Many people’s deductibles are too high. The reason the deductibles have gotten so high and so out of hand all of a sudden is that the health care law included so many coverage mandates. 
Democrats who voted for this said 
they know better than the people at home what kind of insurance they need. That is what the President said. The President said: I know better than you do. I know what your family needs. 
You do not. That is why the deductibles are so high. Insurance had to raise their premiums to cover the cost of all these new Washington man-dates. They had to raise deductibles as well. This year, the average deductible for an ObamaCare Silver Plan is almost $3,000 for a single person and more than $6,000 for a family. 
People have Washington-mandated 
coverage, but they still cannot afford to get care. So people are putting off going to the doctor. They are skipping tests. They are skipping followup care because of the high deductibles and copays. Why are people across the country having to put off getting care? Because they cannot afford it. Is that what Democrats mean when they say the law has been a smashing success, when the minority leader comes to the floor and says it is a smashing success? All across the country, Americans are struggling with the cost of health care under this health care law. 
There was a study out this morning. 
In the paper The Hill, Sarah Ferris writes: 
‘‘Underinsured’’ population has doubled in 
the United States to 31 million. 
One-quarter of people with healthcare cov-
erage are paying so much for deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses that they are consid-ered underinsured. 
Thirty-one million Americans. 
Rising deductibles—even under 
ObamaCare—are the biggest problem for most people who are considered under-
insured. 
Doubled. The number of underinsured 
people under the health care law has now doubled. 
People are paying more as a result of 
the Democrats’ health care law, and they are going to be paying even more next year and the year after that until we are able to do something to stop it. 
Republicans are offering real solu-
tions that will end these destructive and expensive ObamaCare side effects. That means giving Americans and giv-ing States the freedom, the choice, and the control over their health care deci-sions once again. Republicans under-stand that coverage does not equal care. Republicans understand what American families were asking for be-fore this health care law was ever passed. That is what they are still ask-ing for today. 
It is time for Democrats to admit 
that their health care law did not work—it did not work out the way they promised—and to start working with Republicans on reforms that will give people the care they need from a doctor they choose at lower costs. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-
turning to the conversation about trade policy and its impact on Amer-ican workers and businesses, President Kennedy once said, ‘‘The trade of a na-tion expresses, in a very concrete way, its aim and its aspirations.’’ Well, what are our aims and aspirations in crafting a new trade structure? The President says that his aim and aspira-tion is to be the writer of rules for trade in Asia. I have a different aspira-tion. My aspiration is that we create trade that creates living-wage jobs in America, that puts people to work making things in America. If we don’t make things in America, we will not have a middle class in America. 
So as we contemplate a massive new 
trade deal, the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, and the bill before us to fast- track consideration of that Trans-Pa-cific Partnership, we should ask our-selves this question: Is this about our geostrategic goal of being the leader in writing the rules or is it about writing rules that actually work for working Americans? Because, you see, working America has done very poorly under this goal of geostrategic influence. Oh, yeah, we had NAFTA, the North Amer-ican Free Trade Agreement. We had CAFTA, the Central American Free Trade Agreement. What was the result of that? Well, we lost 5 million jobs in America. We lost 5 million jobs. 
We lost 50,000 factories. If you go 
around Oregon, you can see those fac-tory sites. I recently visited the Blue Heron site. Just a few years ago, there were hundreds of workers at the Blue Heron paper factory, but under the structure of one trade agreement— WTO—those jobs went to China. Paper manufacturing went to China. The equipment was pulled up out of that 
factory, leaving a big hole, and shipped overseas. That is what happened. We lost our factories. We lost our jobs. 
There has been a lot of discussion 
that this is a new trade agreement, that it establishes enforceable stand-ards for labor. Well, perhaps the single most important standard is minimum wage. Minimum wage is about resisting the full exploitation of workers, the full race to the bottom. So, of course, I am sure the proponents would say: Well, of course we have addressed that. That is central. That is the central in-gredient, is to make sure that there is not a race to the bottom and that we address the fact that every nation that will be part of this agreement will have to have a minimum wage, a minimum wage that rises over time, a minimum wage that provides a basic standard of living so that we do not have condi-tions of full exploitation, miserable sweatshops, if you will, that are pro-ducing the goods we are buying here in America under this agreement. 
So it may come as a shock to people 
across America that this most funda-mental standard of minimum wage is not addressed in this agreement. 
What do we have right now? We have 
12 countries. We have two countries— Brunei and Singapore—with no min-imum-wage standard at all. Then we have Mexico at 66 cents and Vietnam— for Vietnam, they set a monthly min-imum wage and they set it regionally. So the number varies according to how you calculate it. Some would call it 57 cents; others would say 74 cents. Let’s just put it this way: The minimum wage in Vietnam is way under $1 per hour. In Malaysia, it is $1.54; Peru, $1.55; Chile, $2.25. 
So does this Trans-Pacific Partner-
ship have a requirement that there be a minimum wage that will rise up workers and stop these sweatshops across the world so that we are not buying products from sweatshops with miserable, slave-like conditions? It does not. It has no such provision. It has no minimum wage, which leads us to another fundamental observation. 
What this trade agreement does is set 
up a dynamic between these very low wage countries and countries that are developed and aspiring to create living- wage jobs here. But what happens when you have manufacturing in these high- wage countries, high-environmental- standard countries, high-labor-stand-ard countries and high-enforcement countries and the manufacturer looks out and sees a competitor, in a free- trade regime, in these very low-wage, low-labor, low-environmental, and low- enforcement countries? Well, it is obvi-ous: The manufacturing migrates to the place that is the cheapest. That is the way free enterprise works—it goes to where you can make the most profit. 
So it is not some absurd, unexpected 
result that NAFTA resulted in the loss of 5 million good-paying jobs in Amer-ica. It is not some unexpected result that we lost 50,000 factories. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.013 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3098 May 20, 2015 
When he was campaigning for Presi-
dent, Ross Perot said: If you adopt NAFTA, you will hear the sound of the jobs leaving America. 
Well, that is exactly what happened— 
exactly what happened. 
So is it a fact that this new-genera-
tion trade agreement actually address this core problem? Well, the answer is, it does not. It does not do anything to address this disparity between very low wages and prosperous countries. This is going to be, as Ross Perot put it, an-other situation with a giant sucking sound of jobs leaving America. 
Proponents of this treaty say: Well, 
we have done something very signifi-cant. We have taken the labor and en-vironmental side agreements and we have put them in the center of the agreement. This is pretty much like moving deck chairs on the Titanic. You move them from one location to an-other location. How does that change the outcome? Well, it doesn’t. It just means they are printed in a different part of the text. That is not very good news, if you will, to workers across the United States of America who have been assured there is something fun-damentally different about this agree-ment. 
These labor standards and these envi-
ronmental standards that are in the agreement—we have heard a lot about enforcement, and there is nothing new to enforce in these labor and environ-mental standards. 
I want to take a little detour here be-
cause there are some important en-forcement standards that my col-leagues have put forward. My colleague from Oregon has put forward the EN-FORCE Act. This is important for en-forcing tariffs. This is important for enforcing the movement of goods ille-gally through third parties in order to bypass tariffs in the United States. That is a good step forward, but that does not address the core of this issue which is enforcement of the labor and environmental standards. 
Now, we have the same basic stand-
ards in various trade agreements, and they are never enforced because there is no effective mechanism for enforce-ment. Let me expand a little bit on what has gone on and then point out that nothing has been done to fix it. You essentially have a set of standards and these standards are the Inter-national Labor Organization standards, ILO standards. These ILO standards ad-dress a series of things. These ILO standards are things such as child labor. That is a bad idea. It should stop. It addresses that union orga-nizing should be allowed, and that is a good thing. So the standards them-selves are solid and respectable. 
But when a nation becomes part of 
the trade agreement, how do you have them enforce those standards. That is what is missing—no enforcement for these standards. 
There is a government-to-govern-
ment process for consultations when the United States is upset that some-one is not enforcing. Ultimately, they 
can file a case. That case can take years and years and years to adju-dicate, and it never gets done. 
The number of labor standard en-
forcement actions that have been com-pleted is zero. The number of environ-mental enforcement standards that have been completed is zero—zero, zero. So if we take a broken system from existing trade treaties and slip it into a new trade treaty, what is the ex-pected result? No enforcement of these standards. All the parties know that. They can put these laws on the books, but there is not going to be enforce-ment. 
There is one case—one case alone— 
that we have sought to proceed to en-force and that is with Guatemala. With Guatemala, they have massive labor violations. They are not making the slightest attempt to follow the ILO. We held consultations, more consultations, and more consultations, and finally filed a case. It has gone on and on and on and never gotten to a conclusion. So we still have zero, zero enforcement. 
Now, one reason it doesn’t get to a 
conclusion is because there is no en-thusiasm behind any form of enforce-ment, and why is that? First, our gov-ernment says: Well, if we try to enforce it, it will create ripples in the relation-ship. That country will be upset with us if we try to enforce a labor standard and an environmental standard. 
Then, second, they will say: No, there 
be will retaliation. They will file suits against us, and we will have to spend all this time responding, and what is the point of that. That is unproductive. We say they are not meeting it. They say we are not meeting it. 
Then, third, and very importantly, 
the companies that have invested under that trade agreement in that na-tion, they come out and tell the gov-ernment: What are you doing? The goal of the trade agreement was to create a stable environment for investments. You are destabilizing that by filing a grievance against this country, so don’t do it. In the end, if you ever got to an enforcement action, well, that would hurt us because we put our fac-tory there, and now we would be sub-ject to tariffs. 
So this combination means that 
structure is completely dysfunctional, and that structure is exactly what is in TPP. So this is why we are coming for-ward and saying now is the time to fully debate how we tackle this prob-lem so we can stop pontificating about strong labor and environmental stand-ards and actually have a structure that creates that within the 12 nations that are considered being part of TPP. So that is the distinction. 
Significant, valuable attention is 
being paid to enforcement of tariffs and efforts to bypass through third- party shipments, our Customs struc-ture—and that is important. But the labor standards and the environmental standards, enforcement is zero, and that same broken system is being im-ported into the TPP. Yesterday, I came to the floor and I 
tried to pull up amendments. We are being told the leaders on this bill want to choose, pluck, and pick just the amendments they want to allow to be debated, unlike in the past, where we have had a situation where people have been invited to come to the floor and make their amendments pending, and then we worked through those amend-ments. So we spent time addressing the 
issues that Senators thought were im-portant. That is a robust and open process. 
But despite the promises of the ma-
jority leader for an open and robust amendment process, we do not have that. We have a behind-the-scenes ne-gotiation with amendments picked and plucked according to what the pro-ponents of this deal want to have, and the rest of us are out in the cold. 
So I have these four amendments 
that I would be happy to pull up at any time that is allowed. I already tried yesterday, so I will not try to do it again, but let me tell you the types of things they address. One is it takes on the core deficiency in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is that it does not have any minimum wage. So it simply says: 
FOR AGREEMENTS THAT SUBJECT 
UNITED STATES WORKERS TO UNFAIR COMPETITION ON THE BASIS OF WAGES.—The trade authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to a trade agreement en-tered into under section 103(b) unless the agreement— 
(A) establishes a minimum wage that each 
party to the agreement is required to estab-lish and maintain before the trade agree-ment is implemented; and— 
So it is not something that is done 
down the road; it is done before it is implemented. Second— 
(B) stipulates that the minimum wage re-
quired for each party to the agreement in-crease over time, to continuously reduce the 
disparity between the lowest and highest minimum wages [in these very low countries and these very high countries]. 
Now, currently, the disparity of the 
minimum wage between the United States and Mexico is about tenfold. Here we are: Mexico at 66 cents, the United States at over $7. Mexico’s min-imum wage is 9 percent of our min-imum wage—one-tenth. 
So, of course, it made sense that fac-
tories would be shipped from the United States to Mexico. Not only do you have poor enforcement, poor envi-ronmental standards that are not en-forced, but you have a minimum wage that is one-tenth of what it is in the United States. 
So I don’t specify in this amendment 
that the minimum wage has to be set at any particular level. That can be the subject of the negotiations. I don’t specify that it has to be raised by 10 percent a year to narrow the difference between the very low countries and the higher countries so we reduce the dis-parity. 
This is like taking a playing field 
that is tilted 10 to 1 against the work-ers of the United States of America—10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.014 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3099 May 20, 2015 
to 1. It is not close to a level playing 
field. The American minimum wage is more than 10 times the Mexican min-imum wage. It is a 10-to-1 disadvantage to American workers. 
That is what we are talking about— 
the proponents are talking about—em-bedding into this trade agreement. So I am suggesting: OK. At a minimum, the negotiated process, where that playing field is gradually brought to a more level situation, where the disparity is decreased, shouldn’t that be a primary negotiating objective of the United States in these agreements? Aren’t we right now talking about explaining to the administration what they should negotiate in this agreement? 
My colleague from Utah spoke ear-
lier about the provision regarding cur-rency manipulation and explained why he thought it would be unproductive to have it here—while it is very impor-tant—unproductive to have the amend-ment that S
HAHEEN and P ORTMAN , my 
colleagues, are presenting. But that is the purpose of this debate on the floor, to allow that amendment to be called up, to hear the views for it, to hear the views against it, and to lay out our vi-sion to the administration. 
Now, my colleague has pointed out 
that the administration has said it will not accept establishing a goal of en-forceable currency manipulation provi-sions. Why is that? I can tell you be-cause the administration told me. They said, if we had put this on the table in the beginning, then we could probably raise it and have it be part of the con-versation. But, you see, we have al-ready negotiated this agreement. It is 95 to 98 percent done, and so we can’t possibly introduce something new into this process. That would disrupt all the groundwork we have laid. 
So this is where the cart came before 
the horse. The treaty was negotiated without consultation with Congress about what should be in it. We all un-derstand currency manipulation is a form of tariff. It is a form of tariff and subsidy. 
When I came into the Senate, China’s 
currency manipulation was calculated to be equal to a 25-percent tariff on American products going to China and a 25-percent subsidy to Chinese prod-ucts coming to the United States. Well, that is a huge tariff. Combine the two together—50 percent differential. That is not fair and appropriate in a trade agreement that was supposed to re-duce—under the WTO—barriers. No. So we know it is a problem. Why not fix it, why not address it, why not debate it, why not discuss it, and why not struggle to find a solution. That is what Senators S
HAHEEN and P ORTMAN  
are saying; that that is an important element related to this unbalanced sit-uation that is going to remove jobs from the United States. 
Now, I am pointing out another defi-
ciency; that is, that there is no min-imum wage, that we are starting out with a 10-to-1 differential with Mexico, approximately a 10-to-1 differential with Vietnam, that there should be a 
minimum wage so we can stop the race to the bottom, and it should be gradu-ally raised to decrease the disparity. 
That is an issue worthy of debate, 
but I can’t get that debate onto this floor because the proponents don’t want to allow debates on these amend-ments. They just want to choose and pick the subjects that they want to allow to be debated rather than the ones the Senators want to allow to be debated. That is not a robust and open amendment process. 
Now, there is another flaw in this 
TPA, which is it has negotiating objec-tives. An objective is simply a wish, a hope, it is a desire, it is an inclination, but an objective is not an actual provi-sion. 
So we can say all the beautiful things 
we want about what our objectives should be, but instead we should be asking, What are the standards? What are the standards that need to be in a treaty that are brought back in order to benefit from fast-track? What are the actual standards that should be in an agreement that is brought back to the Senate under fast-track—because fast-track gets special privileges on the floor of the Senate. 
So setting an objective doesn’t do the 
work because it doesn’t define what will come back to this body under this special privilege. We should convert those objectives into actual require-ments. That is what one of my amend-ments does. 
Then we can turn to the situation 
where the TPA has another deep flaw that many have pointed out that hasn’t been addressed, and this deep flaw is it sets up an international tribunal, an international tribunal that can essen-tially assess fines on our local govern-ment, it can assess fines on our State government, it can assess fines on the U.S. Government, unless our local gov-ernment or the State government or the Federal Government change their laws. 
Establishing a judicial organization 
with no accountability to the U.S. judi-ciary, that is a grant of sovereignty. That is our courts’ sovereignty being shipped to a tribunal of three corporate lawyers who get to decide whether there are massive fines levied against our local, State, and national govern-ments. Well, that is certainly some-thing that should be deeply concerning to us. 
Now, the goal of this was to have 
some sort of judicial process substitute in countries that have a dysfunctional judicial process, and thereby encourage international investment. So you could have a situation where Vietnam and Malaysia would say: We know our judi-cial organization is corrupt or dysfunc-tional, so we will opt in for this dispute resolution structure because we want investment to come to our country. But why would we give away U.S. judi-cial powers to an international tri-bunal of three corporate lawyers—cor-porate lawyers for whom there is no conflict of interest standard? They 
could be the advocates on one case and the judge on the next. That is really not in accordance with our norms of ju-dicial conduct. So we aren’t even re-quiring our norms of judicial conduct to be applied to this international tri-bunal. 
Furthermore, when we pass at the 
State or local or national level laws de-signed to protect the health and safety of our citizens, foreign investors are granted special privileges under this agreement because they can file and say: Your laws for consumer protection or the health and welfare of your citi-zens or to take on significant environ-mental hazards have hurt our invest-ment, and we want to be compensated. 
That is just wrong. Sure, if there was 
an unfair expropriation of someone’s assets, that is judicable under Amer-ican law. It doesn’t require an inter-national tribunal. 
But what about when something is 
done for the safety and wellness of our citizens? Take, for example, asbestos. We tried to regulate asbestos in 1991. It was the last time any toxic chemical was considered under the Toxic Chemi-cals Act. We have done nothing in the intervening years. But let’s say we get over the hurdles that existed in 1991, and we have a new law, a new process, such as has been debated in the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. That bill had bipartisan sup-port. If we create that structure and we regulate asbestos, now the foreign in-vestor says: Oh, we have an asbestos factory so you have to compensate us. That is a privilege that the domestic— the United States; the red, white, and blue—investor would not have. 
Let’s say we regulate e-cigarettes— 
an effort by the tobacco company to addict our children to become lifetime users of nicotine and to do so through fancy flavors—chocolate, strawberry, cotton candy, and every candy flavor on Earth. You name it, they have a fla-vor of e-cigarette liquid designed to ad-dict our children. So let’s say we ban that, and the foreign investor gets spe-cial privileges because they say: Oh, well, I set up a factory, and I was going to make $1 billion over the next 20 years, so I need $1 billion of compensa-tion. 
That is the type of structure that is 
embedded in here. So at a minimum, I think this international tribunal should be opt-in. If we want to attract investment and we have a poor judicial system, opt in to this substitute to en-courage investment. Maybe that is a win-win for a country with a poor judi-cial system and an investor who wants a strong way to make sure their rights are protected. But the United States would not opt in because we don’t have a dysfunctional judicial system. 
Here is an even more narrow provi-
sion. This narrow provision talks about when we do laws at the local, State or Federal level that are about consumer protections and wealth-stripping preda-tory loans. For example, we ended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.016 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3100 May 20, 2015 
those loans in the mortgage market. 
We don’t want a foreign investor say-ing: Well, our whole business was built on that; you owe us $1 billion. No, we are ending predatory wealth- stripping practices and replacing them with fair-er, 30-year amortizing mortgages with full disclosure and no kickbacks, which were allowed under the previous law. They were called steering payments. We ended steering payments. 
Or on this issue of e-cigarettes, we 
are ending an effort to directly addict our children, which is terrible for their health and certainly terrible for the cost of our health care system. It is a lose-lose. We should be regulating it. We passed a law to regulate it, but we just have never gotten the regulations done. The FDA has now completed those regulations. They have shipped them to OMB—Office of Management and Budget. We hope someday that reg-ulation will be in place. When it is in place, a foreign investor should not have special privileges to be com-pensated because we are protecting our citizens. 
Therefore, we should carve out and 
say that our laws related to the envi-ronment and public health and con-sumer protection cannot be the subject of ISDS—that is the name of the tri-bunal, ISDS—attacks. 
Then let us look at basic consumer 
information, such as the labeling of products. A lot of manufacturers don’t like it when products are labeled. They consider that labeling might have in-formation that might be prejudicial be-cause consumers might prefer the con-tent of one product, when honestly la-beled, over the product of another. 
We had a law in Oregon that took on 
growth hormones in milk. The basic compromise was that we printed on every package of milk. If it had growth hormones, it had to say it contained growth hormones; and then there was a little clause saying it was not shown to have ill health effects. But consumers wanted to choose the milk that didn’t have the growth hormones in it. That was the value of labeling. It empowered choice by the consumer, by the individ-uals exercising their rights as to what they put into their body, their right as to what they feed their children. 
We have a very similar situation 
with regard to meat. Americans often want to know whether their meat was made or grown in America. So we have a law called COOL—country-of-origin labeling. Well, COOL is very well re-ceived. People like to choose meat grown in America. Not everyone cares, but some do. That is their right. They know there are different standards for how animals are treated overseas. There are different rules for what type of ingredients go into the feed in other nations. So wanting to support good practices, they might choose American meat. Wanting to support something healthy for their children, they might want to choose American meat. 
And what just happened this week? 
Well, one of these tribunals, in a dif-ferent trade agreement, struck down 
America’s country-of-origin labeling law. That is what I am talking about when I say we are giving the sov-ereignty of our judicial branch away to an international tribunal of corporate lawyers who can make decisions that affect our fundamental rights. That is simply wrong. We must fix this. 
So I have an amendment that I would 
like to hear debated on this floor. Oth-ers may disagree with me. We have been elected to carry our views for-ward. There will be people here saying: No, it is fine we strip consumers of the ability to know where their meat is grown. It is fine to strip consumers of the knowledge of what ingredients have gone into their milk, if milk is imported, and so on and so forth. But I fundamentally disagree. I want to see us debate. 
We are here to debate, so let us get 
these amendments up. Let us debate them, and let us quit stalling. Let us quit engaging in this process of trying to rush this through in a manner where these fundamental issues have not been addressed—fundamental issues such as the fact that there is no minimum wage in this agreement, and that the playing field is tilted deeply against manufacturing in America; funda-mental issues such as that there are negotiating objectives that should be negotiating requirements for a bill to have the privilege of getting fast-track here on the floor of the Senate; funda-mental issues such as that we should not have our environmental, public health, and consumer laws subject to an international tribunal; fundamental issues such as Americans having the right to label their products the way they decide, according to their stat-utes, and not have that overruled by an international group. 
I would love to see this Senate func-
tion and to actually debate these amendments. I hope that happens. And any effort to shove this bill through without having those types of debates is certainly not the open and robust amendment process that was promised by the majority leader. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Iowa. 
RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, while 
reading through the pages of the Wall Street Journal last week, I was over-come with a sense of de ´ja`vu. As many 
of my colleagues have heard me speak on the Senate floor many times each year over the last several years about ethanol and about misconceptions about that, these misconceptions showed up in an op-ed piece in the Wall Street Journal last week. 
Once again, in this case it happens to 
be chain restaurants and chicken pro-ducers teaming up to smear home- grown biofuel producers at the expense of energy independence and cleaner air. It seems as if every couple of years food producers and grocery manufac-turers team up with Big Oil to try to undermine the extremely successful 
Renewable Fuel Standard Program. 
Here is a little history for everyone. 
In 2008, it was the big food producers led by the Grocery Manufacturers As-sociation, because, presumably, in our economy, in our society, grocery man-ufacturers have more prestige than Big Oil. In 2010 and 2012, it was global inte-
grated meat producers, led by Smith-field Foods and the American Meat In-stitute, presumably because they have more prestige than Big Oil. 
The opinion piece I am referring to in 
the Wall Street Journal this time was written by the head of the National Chicken Council and the National Council of Chain Restaurants. And under these circumstances, compared to the other two instances I cited, there is really no difference. They have prestige that Big Oil doesn’t have. 
This article makes many of the same 
erroneous and intellectually dishonest claims we have heard dozens of times before, and I am going to take this op-portunity to do a simple fact-check of some of the most egregious claims. 
First, these two authors claim that 
since 2005, when the renewable fuel standard was first adopted, costs of vital food commodities, including corn, grains, oilseeds, poultry, meat, eggs and dairy have risen dramatically. 
This is pure myth. The fact is con-
sumer food prices have increased by an annual rate of 2.68 percent since 2005. In contrast, food prices increased by an average of 3.47 percent in the 25 years leading up to passage of the renewable fuel standard in 2005. Prices for chicken breasts have been nearly flat over the past 7 years, averaging $3.43 per pound in 2007 and just 3 pennies more, to $3.46 per pound, in 2014. Corn prices are ex-pected to average $3.50 per bushel this year, according to the Department of Agriculture. This would be the lowest 
price in nearly 10 years and 17 percent below the average price of $4.20 a bush-el in 2007 when the renewable fuel standard was enacted. 
That is a fact. With ethanol produc-
tion at record levels today, corn prices are lower now than they were in 2007. But I don’t know how many times over the last several years I have listened to this business about ethanol causing corn prices to go up and food prices would go up. And food prices went up. But when corn is $3.50, we don’t see food prices come down. It has been proven time and again by the EPA, by the USDA, and others: There is no cor-relation between corn prices or ethanol production and retail food inflation or food prices. Once again, that is just a simple fact. 
Second, these authors claim that as a 
result of the renewable fuel standard, corn is being ‘‘diverted’’ from livestock feed to ethanol. Again, this claim is pure falsehood. Corn used for ethanol has come from the significant increase in corn production since 2005. In 2005, American farmers produced 11.1 billion bushels of corn. In 2014, they produced 14.1 billion bushels of corn. Why? Be-cause the market responds and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.017 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3101 May 20, 2015 
farmers respond to the increased use of 
corn, and they will meet it whether it is for biofuels or anything else. 
Here is something very significant: 
One-third of the corn used for ethanol production is returned to the market as animal feed. The amount of corn and corn coproducts available for feed use is larger today than at any time in his-tory. So it is hardly being diverted. But time after time, a prestigious newspaper such as the Wall Street 
Journal continues to tell the people of this country that 40 percent of corn production goes to make ethanol. They are right—40 percent goes to the eth-anol plant. But out of a 56-pound bush-el of corn, 18 pounds is left over for ani-mal feed—and very efficient animal feed, let me say, badly in need and wel-comed by farmers. In fact, some of it is even exported. But does the Wall Street Journal ever make that clear, that it isn’t 40 percent of corn that is used for ethanol; it is 26 percent or 27 percent that is used for ethanol? So, just as I said, corn is not being di-verted. 
The same can be said for their mis-
leading claim that ethanol production has contributed to global food scarcity. In the 15 years prior to the enactment of the renewable fuel standard in 2005, U.S. corn exports averaged 1.8 billion bushels per year. In the 10 years since the renewable fuel standard’s passage, corn exports have averaged yet more— not a whole lot more but 1.84 billion bushels. So with 14.33 billion gallons of corn ethanol, corn exports are slightly higher than they were prior to the re-newable fuel standard. 
Another fact-check: The authors of 
the opinion piece also claim that corn ethanol has resulted in a significant in-crease in the volatility of food costs, which has left prices higher, they say. So I looked into the average food infla-tion going back to 1970. During the 1970s, food inflation averaged 7.8 per-cent. In the 1980s, it was 4.6 percent. In the 1990s, it was 2.8 percent. In the 2000s, it was 2.9 percent. So far this dec-ade, it has been 2.2 percent—or the low-est rate of increase at the same time that we are producing record amounts of corn ethanol. 
Finally, these two writers for the 
chain restaurants and for the chicken people claim that the increases in feed cost have affected the American pro-duction of beef, pork, and chicken. They state that production had in-creased consistently over the past 30 years but has now leveled off due to the higher cost of feed. 
Again, this is nowhere near reality. 
Let’s check the facts. The reality is that the Department of Agriculture is projecting red meat and poultry pro-duction of 95.2 billion pounds this year—up 10 percent from 2005. More growth is yet expected. The Depart-ment of Agriculture projects a produc-tion record of red meat and poultry in 2016, with 96.8 billion pounds—up 12 percent from 2005. 
Just a few years ago, when corn 
prices had peaked at more than $7.50 a bushel, grocers, food producers, and 
restaurants were claiming—as I said once before but let me emphasize—that food inflation would approach 10 per-cent because of the renewable fuel standard. They warned then that they would be forced to pass those higher costs on to consumers immediately. As I have hinted before, today the price of corn is $3.50—less than half of what it was; in fact, $1 below the cost of pro-duction. 
With lower corn prices, have con-
sumers seen a dramatic reduction in retail food prices? In other words, are the benefits of lower grain prices being passed on to the consumer by Big Food? Obviously not. Ask any person shopping in the grocery stores. Corn prices have come down by more than half in the past 2
1⁄2years, so why are 
food producers holding prices steady or even increasing them? We accuse Big Oil of gouging. Isn’t it about time, with $3.50 corn, that we accuse Big Food of price gouging? 
The fact is, domestic renewable fuel 
producers are feeding and fueling the world at the same time. The 14.3 billion gallons of ethanol that was produced in the United States could more than dis-place the gasoline refined from all of the oil imported from Saudi Arabia. And where would we rather get our en-ergy from—volatile parts of the Middle East or producers right here in the United States? And I say that not only for ethanol; I say that for oil, I say that for coal, I say that for nuclear, and I say that for all sorts of alter-native energy. 
We should be proud of our Nation’s 
farmers and biofuel producers. Effi-ciencies gained have allowed farmers to produce ever-increasing yields, with greater environmental stewardship, in-cluding using less water and less fer-tilizer. Ethanol production has also seen efficiency gains. 
These are facts: In 1982, 1 bushel of 
corn produced about 2.5 gallons of eth-anol. Today’s ethanol plants are pro-ducing more than 2.8 billion gallons of ethanol. We have a plant in Ida Coun-ty, IA, that can get almost 3 gallons of ethanol from 1 bushel of corn. 
According to the U.S. Energy Infor-
mation Administration, if ethanol yields per bushel had remained at the 1997 levels, it would have required 343 million bushels—or 7 percent more—of corn to produce the same amount of fuel last year. That corn would have re-quired the use of 2.2 million additional acres—or approximately half the State of New Jersey—just to keep up when we had the more inefficient production of ethanol. 
Homegrown biofuels are extending 
our fuel supply and lowering prices at the pump for consumers. Biofuels ac-count for 10 percent of our transpor-tation fuel today. This economic activ-ity supports American farmers, rural economies, and keeps the money at home rather than sending it abroad. 
In recent years, our national security 
and economic well-being have been too dependent on oil imports—and from 
where? From tinhorn dictators and re-gimes that are always trying to harm Americans. We don’t need to put a Navy fleet in harm’s way to protect shipping lanes from the Middle East when we have biofuels that come right out of the Midwest of the United States. 
Our country needs a true ‘‘all of the 
above’’ energy policy, as we all talk about, and biofuels are an important component of that policy. 
Do you know what is really wrong 
with people who sometimes talk about ‘‘all of the above,’’ the way I see it, from different segments of energy? There are people who say they are for ‘‘all of the above,’’ but they are for none of the below the ground. And then there are people who say they are for ‘‘all of the above,’’ but they are for all below the ground but not the things that come from above the ground, such as solar energy producing corn that produces ethanol, as an example, or wind. 
In 2005 and again in 2007, the Federal 
Government made a commitment to homegrown renewable energy when Congress passed the renewable fuel standard. The policy is working. I in-tend to defend all attacks against this successful program, whether they come from Big Oil, the EPA, Big Food, Big Restaurant, or others. 
Secondly, I tried to do some fact- 
checking by Mr. B
ROWN and Mr. G REEN , 
who wrote that article, and I am not very good at saying exactly whether they ought to have one Pinocchio or four, but they ought to look at having a Pinocchio because they are wrong on so many instances. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
article from the Wall Street Journal. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, May 15, 2015] 
PAYING FOR ETHANOL AT THE PUMP AND ON  
THEPLATE  
(By Mike Brown and Rob Green) 
What do a franchise owner of four chain 
restaurants in Virginia, a food service dis-tributor in Ohio and a poultry farmer in Kentucky have in common? They are all small-business owners who work in local communities and help Americans put food on the table. 
But they have also all felt the failure of 
the federal corn-ethanol mandate, known as the Renewable Fuel Standard. Congress doesn’t agree on much lately—but ending a failed policy that stymies small businesses, hurts the environment and increases food prices should be a bipartisan priority. 
Since the RFS was implemented in 2005, 
costs of vital food commodities, including corn, grains and oilseeds, poultry, meat, eggs and dairy, have risen dramatically. Here’s one major reason: The federal government’s corn-ethanol mandate requires that a per-centage of the nation’s corn crop be blended into gasoline each year as ethanol. Every year the percentage required increases, di-verting more of the nation’s corn supply into ethanol fuel. This harms the broader U.S. economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.019 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3102 May 20, 2015 
Before it hit consumers so hard, the federal 
corn-ethanol mandate caused higher feed costs for poultry producers, cattle feeders, dairy farmers and others in the food chain. While food costs have always fluctuated due to unforeseeable factors like the weather, the demand artificially created by the RFS has resulted in a significant increase in vola-tility, which has left prices higher. 
Consider: Between 1973 and 2007, corn 
prices averaged $2.39 a bushel, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department. The aver-age price of corn jumped more than 110% be-tween 2008 and 2014, to $5.04 a bushel. Even though corn prices have recently declined thanks to fabulous weather that produced two consecutive bumper crops, prices are still more than 59% higher than the histor-ical average. Prices could surge even higher if the U.S. experiences anything less than ideal weather. 
The resulting increases in feed costs have 
also affected the American production of beef, pork and chicken, which had increased consistently over the past 30 years but has now leveled off due to the higher cost of feed. As a result, a 2012 study by Pricewaterhouse Coopers estimates that the RFS costs chain restaurants $3.2 billion every year in in-creased food commodity costs. 
Then there are restaurants. Wholesale food 
prices have outpaced the consumer price index by more than a full percentage point since the implementation of the RFS. In many instances, especially in the restaurant sector, small business owners are not able to pass on higher retail prices to consumers be-cause of market competition—a concept that the corn-ethanol industry is unfamiliar with thanks to a government quota. 
As if this were not enough, ethanol produc-
tion has contributed to global food scarcity and hunger. No country exports more corn than the U.S., but about 40% is ending up in gas tanks, not on the world market. So much corn has been blended into gasoline that the higher percentage levels routinely render boat engines, motorcycles, chain saws and older automobiles inoperable. 
Fortunately, lawmakers in Congress see 
the chicken producer, the food service dis-tributor, the restaurant owner and others in the food chain for what they are: major con-tributors to the U.S. economy. Legislation has been introduced in both the House and the Senate this year to repeal the RFS corn- ethanol mandate, with broad bipartisan sup-port. Congress should take up this legisla-tion and send it to the president’s desk. 
The food industry isn’t anti-ethanol. Re-
pealing the fuel standard would simply re-quire the ethanol industry to compete in the marketplace just like restaurants, food dis-tributors and chicken farmers do every day— without a government mandate guaranteeing secure and growing sales. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S LEADERSHIP AND ISIL  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to talk about the latest example of President Obama’s failure to lead in the international arena, to the detriment of our national security and the security of our allies. 
Over the weekend, the Iraqi city of 
Ramadi in Anbar Province—which is about 70 miles from Baghdad—fell to ISIL. Once a hotbed of Al Qaeda activ-ity, Ramadi had been won back and pacified at great costs in 2006 and 2007. That accomplishment was made pos-sible due to the heroic efforts of some great Americans, such as Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, a Texan whom Al Qaeda 
called ‘‘the Devil of Ramadi’’ and whose service was chronicled in the book and the movie ‘‘American Snip-er,’’ and LTG Sean McFarland, whose soldiers implemented a brilliant coun-terinsurgency strategy to win over the local population and drive out Al Qaeda in the process. 
By the way, we are proud to have 
General McFarland today serving as commanding general of III Corps at Fort Hood, TX. 
ISIL’s latest raid and capture of 
Ramadi is a significant setback for all of us who seek a stable and prosperous Iraq, and it represents this terrorist army’s biggest military victory this year. 
Reports of the ISIL takeover of 
Ramadi are staggering. Faced with the oncoming ISIL forces, hundreds of Ramadi police and security officials fled the city, leaving behind American- made military equipment, including as many as 50 vehicles, now in the hands of our enemies. Those who managed to escape reported that many security of-ficials, government workers, and even civilians were quickly killed execution- style. 
In response, the Iraqi Government 
deployed its Shiite paramilitary troops to the province—a move that some ex-perts believe could lead to even more sectarian strife. The Iraqis are looking for support almost anywhere they can get it, and in the vacuum left by Presi-dent Obama’s poor leadership and inde-cision, Iran is more than happy to fill that vacuum and take up the slack. It should come as no surprise that on Monday, the day after the fall of Ramadi, Iran’s Defense Minister ar-rived in Baghdad to hold consultations with the Iraqi Ministry of Defense. 
Obviously, I am frustrated by the 
President’s lack of leadership and by the Obama administration’s failure to put together a strong and cohesive strategy to combat ISIL, but it is more serious than that. It is about what we have squandered in Iraq, what we bought with the blood of Americans and the money that came out of the pockets of American citizens. 
Since ISIL began taking large swaths 
of territory last summer, this adminis-tration has taken an approach of paral-ysis by analysis—in other words, doing nothing. When they do take action, it seems ad hoc and piecemeal and not driven by overarching objectives or any strategy that is apparent to me. 
I am not the only one who believes 
we do not have a strategy in the Middle East. This President’s own former Sec-retary of Defense, Bob Gates, said yes-terday: ‘‘We’re basically sort of playing this [instability in the Middle East] day to day.’’ After affirming his belief that we have enduring interests in the region, Secretary Gates then added: ‘‘But I certainly don’t think we have a strategy.’’ I could not agree more with him. 
Unfortunately, this takeover of 
Ramadi serves as just the latest exam-ple of a President whose policies are al-
together rudderless in the Middle East, even as that region is riled with grow-ing instability and grotesque violence. We can trace that to what happened in the area just a few years ago. I alluded to this a moment ago. In 2011, after the President ended negotiations with the Iraqis on a status of forces agreement, the Obama administration proceeded with a misguided plan to pull the plug on American presence in that country. In doing so, he squandered the blood and treasure of Americans who fought to give the people of Iraq a chance. 
While it is true that the Iraqis had 
not agreed to the U.S. conditions to an enduring American presence, including legal immunity for our troops, this ad-
ministration gave up and failed to ex-pend the political capital necessary to secure a status of forces agreement and to preserve the security gains we had made together with our allies in Iraq. As a result, those security gains made in many areas of Iraq since the height of the violence in 2005 and 2006 have since evaporated. 
In 2012, as terrorist groups were 
flourishing in Syria, the President re-fused to initiate a program to arm vet-ted moderate Syrian rebels, dis-regarding the recommendations made by his most senior advisers, including then-CIA Director David Petraeus, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clin-ton, Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey, and then-Secretary of De-fense Leon Panetta. He rejected the ad-vice from his most senior national se-curity adviser. Instead, the President publicly remarked in January of last year that ISIL was the JV team of ter-rorist groups. And just a few months ago, President Obama boldly said that ISIL was ‘‘on the defensive.’’ Let me repeat that. Just a few months ago, President Obama claimed ISIL was ‘‘on the defensive.’’ That is not exactly the case today, nor was it really then. That is not exactly the kind of leadership we need from our Commander in Chief. 
By giving our troops a difficult mis-
sion to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL but not providing them with the strategy and the resources they need to do so, the President is essentially mak-ing them operate with one more hand tied behind their back. We know we have the most capable military in the world, but we cannot win a fight with our hands tied behind our backs or with these constraints—politically cor-rect constraints—the President wants to make and not commit the resources and the strategy and the focus we need in order to win. So I hope the President will reconsider after this latest dra-matic setback in Ramadi. I hope Presi-dent Obama will provide us with a strategy to degrade and destroy ISIL. 
In Ramadi—a major city and capital 
of Iraq’s largest province—we see much more than just a symbolic setback, and I bet Chairman Dempsey wishes he could take those words back—he called it merely symbolic. 
We see a dangerous development and 
a great obstacle to a more stable Iraq 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.001 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3103 May 20, 2015 
and thus a more stable Middle East. 
But this is what gets to me: We had more than 1,000 brave American troops die in Anbar Province during combat operations since 2003. I do not want to see their lives having been given in vain and squandered. So I hope that this is a wake-up call to the Obama ad-ministration and that they will provide the Congress and the American people and our troops a clear path forward to defeat ISIL and to rid the world of this terror army. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, 4 
years ago, I joined my Republican col-leagues on the Senate Finance Com-mittee and voted to give the President of the United States trade promotion authority—4 years ago. I have been a supporter of trade promotion authority for a long time, but I also realize that when it comes to trade, there are issues on which we have to work on to-gether. 
We are at a juncture now where it is 
hard to move forward here in the Sen-ate. I would say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that there are basic things about the future of America in a global economy—the American people want to be assured that there are going to be tools for them to compete. 
So the fact that the Finance Com-
mittee and the negotiators of the trade promotion authority spent months and months on whether we were going to have TAA—which is a program that helps laid-off workers who are im-pacted by trade—because some House conservatives did not support trade ad-justment authority—workers being re-trained when they are affected by trade agreements—we spent months and months because some conservatives in the House do not believe in government and do not believe in this program that helps support laid-off workers. 
Then we had to spend weeks and 
weeks out here because people on the other side of the aisle—again at the be-hest of conservatives in the House—did not want to support enforcement. 
Now we are at this juncture because 
the same conservatives, because of an ideological belief by the Heritage Foundation—not something about business and labor, no; actually, busi-ness and labor support export tools, such as a credit agency that helps them sell their products. Again, this conservative group is holding up trade legislation because they do not think that it meets their political standards, as my colleague from South Carolina said, Senator G
RAHAM , that it is all 
about some private organization they are trying to politically atone to. 
I say to my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle that I have been a sup-porter of TPA for a long time, but I do not plan to support a cloture motion and I do not plan to support moving ahead until we stop catering to this very minority group that does not sup-port the basic tools the American peo-
ple want to see when it comes to trade. They want to know that if they lose their jobs, they can get retrained. They want to know that if export markets are open, they will have some ability to sell their products to those devel-oping markets that may not have a bank there but can help get financial support from a bank in the United States with the help of a Federal ex-port credit agency. And yes, we have to have some basic tools on enforcement. 
So if the other side of the aisle wants 
to resolve these problems and move ahead on a trade agreement, they have to stop catering to the conservatives in the House—and probably some of them do not even support trade overall—and start working with the people who do support trade. 
As I said 4 years ago in the Finance 
Committee when I supported TPA, these policies are important tools for the U.S. economy. I feel strongly that in the developing world, trade can be a great asset in helping stabilize regions. I do not want to hold down other grow-ing middle classes around the globe. We do not want to lose jobs here in the United States because of it. 
So let’s have the tools that go along 
with trade, and let’s get these bills passed. But if we are going to continue to cater to a group in the House who claims they do not want government, I do not see how, in this debate, we are going give the American people the tools that will give them security. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, first, 
I would like to offer my great thank- you to the Senator from Washington for advancing this very important bi-partisan bill. 
We have worked long and hard in my 
office and with Senator K
IRKto try to 
fashion a bill that addresses the vast majority of issues that so many people have or allege to have regarding the Export-Import Bank. At the same time we are stalling that critical piece of in-frastructure in our trade apparatus, China and India are pouring billions of dollars into their similar institution to recruit and to invest in other countries to make sure their manufacturers and make sure the jobs in their country are safe. We are unilaterally disarming, and we are taking huge chances by not moving forward on the Export-Import Bank. And I share my colleague’s com-ment: Who are we listening to? 
This is one of those rare moments 
and one of those rare issues where we have the American business commu-nity, the chamber of commerce, Amer-ican manufacturers—all the people on that side of the issue and American labor together. So what is the issue? The issue is scoring by conservative groups. The issue is that you might not get the checkmark behind your name if you actually support American work-ers, American jobs, and American man-ufacturing. This is an issue we are passionate 
about, and I stand with Senator C
ANT-
WELL from Washington and support 
her. Until we know there is a path for-ward and that the charter for the Ex- Im Bank will not expire, that we will not play chicken with our economy and with our exports—until we know there is a path forward, how can we really say we are protrade? How can we really stand on the floor here as we are dis-cussing trade and trade implications of TPA and TPP and all of the initials— TTIP, ISDS, and all of the things peo-ple might be listening to and saying: What are they talking about? These are important tools and an important apparatus and they represent a huge part of what we need to do when 95 per-cent of all consumers live outside this country, but we need to do it in a way that recognizes that American workers are part of this structure and that we have to have the tools other countries utilize in order to make sure we are moving forward. 
I give my great public thanks to Sen-
ator C
ANTWELL for her brave fight and 
knowing that as the chief Democratic sponsor of the bill we are promoting, I stand with her. I stand with her today. 
Mr. President, I also want to talk 
today about an issue that is important to North Dakota. It is interesting that we are talking about eliminating trade barriers and improving opportunities for access to markets when we have a self-imposed access-to-market problem, and that is the trade embargo on Cuba. It is a barrier our government puts on our own farmers and ranchers, and it holds back their ability to export and hurts their bottom line. I am talking about the U.S. embargo with Cuba, of course, specifically on private—pri-vate, private, private—business activi-ties that could enhance the sale of our agricultural goods to Cuba. 
My great friend from Arkansas Sen-
ator B
OOZMAN and I filed an amend-
ment which would free our exporters to provide private—private, private—cred-it with no risk to the government or taxpayers for exports of agricultural products to Cuba. We had a hearing on this in the agriculture committee, and I must say it was the single issue raised by all of the experts on how we could, in fact, open our markets to Cuba if we would allow private-spon-sored credit for these exports. This is a simple change to our regulation that will make our agricultural exporters more competitive against rice growers in Vietnam and corn growers in Brazil. 
We know we are the highest quality 
producer of agricultural products, and many of those products are grown in my great State of North Dakota. Yet we don’t have access to that market because Cuban purchasers don’t have access to credit. 
Unfortunately, under the current 
regulations, our government has erect-ed a trade barrier. While we talk about TPA, trade promotion authority, and increasing export opportunities, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.021 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3104 May 20, 2015 
need to look at what we can do to in-
crease opportunities for our own pro-ducers here right now. It does not take 
a long, drawn-out negotiation, costs no money, and just makes sense. 
I urge my colleagues to join with me 
and Senator B
OOZMAN in this impor-
tant effort to remove our self-imposed trade barriers on our agricultural pro-ducers and to allow a private invest-ment and sponsorship of the purchase of agricultural products in Cuba. With that, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this has 
been an interesting few days as we have seen the Senate operate the way it is probably designed to operate. It is not supposed to be the fastest legisla-tive body in the world. It is supposed to be one that goes over issues slowly and gives those issues full consideration. 
I am so pleased the bill before us has 
been through the committee process. It has been years since we have seen bills go through that committee process. Virtually all of the bills are coming through the committee process this year, and that means several hundred amendments have already been offered to this bill. A lot of them were consid-ered in committee, some of them were considered duplicative, of course, but it brought this bill to the floor, which is very important for the economy of the United States. 
I hope we can work through the proc-
ess and get the bill finished. In fact, I am relatively certain we will. It is not the prettiest way of doing it, but it is the way it gets done and has been get-ting done for centuries in the United States. 
A BALANCED BUDGET  
Mr. President, what I really want to 
talk about today is the importance of a balanced budget. Over the past few weeks, we have seen America reacting to a Congress, and especially the Sen-ate, which is back to work doing the people’s business. The basic task of governing seems to have eluded this normal legislative body over the past 8 years and has decimated the faith and trust of hard-working Americans who yearn for a government that is both ac-countable and effective, and that is why passing a balanced budget rep-resented an important step forward. 
Here are just a few of the headlines 
from around the Nation: ‘‘Senate passes first joint congressional budget in six years,’’ ‘‘Senate Passes Cost-Cut-ting Budget Plan,’’ ‘‘Budget ‘A Feat Of Considerable Importance,’’’ ‘‘Balanced Budget Will Focus on ‘Every Dollar Spent,’’’ ‘‘Balanced Budget, A Step Forward,’’ and ‘‘Congress approves the first 10-year balanced budget since 2001.’’ 
We know passing a budget was impor-
tant because it symbolizes a govern-ment that is back to work, but it is also important to understand why passing a balanced budget is so vital to our Nation. 
What is the process? The Senate 
Budget Committee is tasked with the responsibility of setting spending 
goals. Congress has other committees that authorize government programs and are charged with overseeing their 
efficiency and effectiveness. We also have committees that allocate the exact dollars for these programs every year, but the Senate Budget Com-mittee sets the spending goals. In other words, we set limits. This is why pass-ing a budget is so important for our Nation. It lets the congressional pol-icymakers who actually allocate the dollars get to work immediately by fol-lowing our spending limit. This year, we are giving them an early start, and Leader M
CCONNELL is committed to al-
lowing the Senate to do its job, and that means debates and votes on all 12 appropriations bills. 
What is the importance of a balanced 
budget? A balanced budget approved by Congress will play a crucial role to help make government live within its means and set spending limits for our Nation. 
A balanced budget will allow Ameri-
cans to spend more time working hard to grow their businesses or to advance in their jobs instead of worrying about taxes and inefficient and ineffective regulations. Most importantly, it means every American who wants to find a good-paying job and fulfilling ca-reer has the opportunity to do just that. 
A balanced budget will also boost the 
Nation’s economic output, but first we must get our overspending under con-trol because Congress is already spend-ing more tax revenue than at any point in history. If we can do that, we can help boost the economy and expand op-portunity for each and every American. 
The big question is, What happens if 
interest rates go to their normal his-torical level? A balanced budget pro-vides Congress and the Nation with a fiscal blueprint that challenges law-makers to examine every dollar we spend. This is crucial because we cur-rently spend about $230 billion in inter-est on our debt every year, which is a historically low interest rate of 1.7 per-cent. The Congressional Budget Office tells us that for every 1 percentage point that our interest rates rise, it will increase America’s overspending by $1,745 billion over the next 10 years. That is a huge hit. 
To provide a clearer picture of how 
dire our Nation’s fiscal outlook is, we have a looming debt of $18 trillion, and it is on its way to $27 trillion. If the in-terest rate were to go to a modest 5 percent, we would owe $875 billion a year just for interest, which does not buy us anything. That is more than we spend on defense; that is more than we spend on other government agencies. 
Interest on the debt could soon put 
America out of the business of funding defense, education, highways, and ev-erything else we do. It is time to get serious. It is time both parties get seri-ous about addressing our Nation’s chronic overspending. 
In the budget, defense was given $90 
billion more than the budget caps and $38 billion more than the President re-
quested. We know both sides want the caps from the Budget Control Act re-moved, but at what price for our Na-tion and its hard-working taxpayers? 
Our military leaders have already 
told us the debt is a threat to national security. Removing the threat of se-quester by raising these debt caps without increasing the debt in the short term would require raising taxes. When it comes to defense, we are lit-erally trying to outbid the President, who, with a Democratic Congress, raised taxes to get his budget to that level. 
Last year, Congress funded items the 
Department of Defense didn’t approve or ask for, and costs for major equip-ment exceeded approved amounts by billions—that is with a ‘‘b.’’ I know small businesses that were deprived of bids by companies that provided prod-ucts different from the specs with no consequences. That is not fair to our troops or to our taxpayers. We should get what we ordered, and somebody needs to make sure that happens. 
It is time for Congress to truly work 
together to tackle our overspending and achieve real results and real progress for American families who are counting on us. 
How do we boost economic growth? 
American families understand that you cannot spend what you don’t have and expect us to scrutinize every dollar we spend just like they have to and must do. In many ways, if the government would get out of the way, we could in-crease jobs by expanding the economy. A boost in economic growth means more real jobs from the private sector and small businesses across the Nation, not government ‘‘make work jobs.’’ In fact, the Congressional Budget Office tells us that if we were to increase the gross domestic product, which is the private sector growth, by 1 percent, that would provide an average of near-ly $300 billion in additional tax revenue every year. 
How do we do that? One way is to re-
verse some of the many regulations that burden families and small busi-nesses that provide little or no benefit. For many of these policies and regula-tions, we need to return to common sense, and that is not being done today. 
When we continually overspend year 
after year, we have the opposite effect on private sector jobs and economic growth that can actually lead to more sales and more jobs. Expanding the economy is the best way to raise money for government services, not by raising more taxes. 
Another important way to help the 
growth of our economy is to make the government more effective. If govern-ment programs are not delivering re-sults, they should be improved or, if they are not needed, they ought to be eliminated. We need to be looking at 
those. The government has to expect the same tough decisions hard-working taxpayers are making every day. 
This is Small Business Week, and I 
want to mention my appreciation for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.024 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3105 May 20, 2015 
Craig Kerrigan of the Oregon Trail 
Bank in Wyoming for writing a little article about the real issues for small business. Small business is the motor that drives this economy. He said: 
If they can’t make a profit, no one bene-
fits. This is the reality: They will tell you that the biggest threats and challenges they face in today’s economy are health care, taxes and excessive regulations. 
A regulation affects a small business 
much more than it does a big business because they don’t have a lot of people to spread the work over. 
Going back to Craig Kerrigan’s arti-
cle: 
They want to provide competitive salaries 
and benefits, and in most cases they do. But any cost that is forced upon them they ei-ther pass on to the consumer or they go out of business. 
It is interesting to note that those 
who force these costs upon small busi-ness are not the ones paying for them, and it is always easier spending other people’s money. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the entire letter by Craig Kerrigan be printed in the R
ECORD at 
the conclusion of my remarks. 
How do we get a more effective gov-
ernment? One of the first places Con-gress should start is by reviewing the 260 programs whose authorization— that is their right to spend more money—has expired. Some of these pro-grams expired as long ago as 1983, but we are still spending money on them every year. That means we have been paying for these expired programs for more than 30 years. It is not just the length of time these programs have overstayed their welcome, the funds we allocated to them every year are more than what the law called for. In some cases, that means we are spending as much as four times what we should be. You have to take care of your own doorstep. 
Yesterday, I had an oversight hearing 
for the Congressional Budget Office, which comes under the direction of the Budget Committee. It was the first oversight hearing in 33 years. Every-body needs to take a look at the pro-grams they are in charge of and see if there are not some changes that ought to be made since the invention of the mobile phone, and, of course, that was a mobile phone about that big. 
The 260 programs that have expired 
are costing us $293 billion a year. That is over $2,935 billion—or $2.9 trillion— over 10 years. Eliminating these pro-grams alone would almost balance the budget. 
In business, programs are reviewed 
every year or sometimes every week to see if they still contribute to the busi-ness and its strategic plan, and if there is not some improvement that will make things work better, they often look for small savings to help strength-en the organization and contribute to its bottom line. But in Washington, programs are not reviewed, let alone questioned, let alone scrutinized. Not even big amounts are questioned. Just think of how long it has been 
since we have taken a close examina-tion of what we are spending money on. In 1983, ‘‘The Return of the Jedi’’ was the top movie and Americans were ob-sessed with the Rubik’s Cube. 
Savings are usually found in the 
spending details, but Congress has not examined the details. It just has the big picture, which was painted long ago and has now expired. It is time for each committee to take a look at these pro-grams and decide if they are even worth funding anymore. After all, a project not worth doing at all would not be worth doing well or would not be worth continuing funding for it. But how would committees know if they have not looked at the program in years? How would they know if they don’t have a way to measure how well the programs are working? 
When I first came to the Senate, Yel-
lowstone Park was going broke and threatening to shut down. Every year they said they were running out of money in August, and that is the prime time for the season. I checked the spending bill covering the park, and I found out it only lists how many em-ployees and the total millions of dol-lars to be spent there. I asked for the details. Both the spending committee and the Department of Interior told me that was as much detail as they had. I asked for a printout of how the money was spent in the previous year. They said it was not available. I heard about millions of dollars in delayed mainte-nance. I asked for a list of what that consisted of, and I was sent a list of new buildings they wanted to con-struct. That is not delayed mainte-nance. 
In 1999, the Park Service was cited by 
the Wyoming Department of Environ-mental Quality for raw sewage that was flowing into the Madison River, which prompted a request to Congress for emergency repair funds. I asked why that wasn’t taken out of the Na-tional Park Service emergency budget. There was an emergency fund with plenty of money available immediately for the problem at that time. I didn’t get an answer, but I found out that they got more by asking for additional funding at a time of crisis. That is not how government spending is supposed to be done. 
That is why we need to have a bal-
anced budget. That is why we need to have people scrutinizing the items that are under the jurisdiction of their com-mittees. 
A balanced budget amendment is 
what many of the States are working on. We better show taxpayers that Con-gress is committed to a balanced budg-et, to make it ever more effective, be-cause we are running out of time. It is not just because of the increase in the interest rates that are possible here, but currently, lawmakers in 27 States have passed applications for a Con-stitutional Convention to approve a balanced budget amendment, and there are new applications in nine other States that are close behind. If just 
seven of those nine States approve moving forward on the balanced budget issue, it would bring the total number of States to 34 States. That would meet the two-thirds requirement under arti-cle V of the Constitution and force Congress to take action on a balanced 
budget amendment. If this happened, one of the most important functions of Congress—the power of the purse— would be drastically curtailed, because there would be a new constitutional limit on what Congress would be al-lowed to borrow. 
Now, I mentioned before that I think 
we have been overspending. We are scheduled to overspend by $468 billion this year. How much do we get to actu-ally make decisions on? That amount is $1,100 billion. If we were to balance the budget right now, we would have to do a 50-percent cut in everything we do, and that is not even talking about an increase in interest rates. 
So, in conclusion, Americans are 
working harder than ever to make ends meet. Shouldn’t their elected officials be willing to work harder too? We need to pass a balanced budget as an impor-tant step, but that is just a first step and, unfortunately, that was the easy part. Congress has to get serious about tackling its addiction to overspending and once again become good fiscal stewards of the taxes paid by each and every hard-working American tax-payer. 
Earlier this month, on the 70th anni-
versary of Victory in Europe Day—or V–E Day—our Nation’s Capital had the rare privilege of seeing and hearing World War II airplanes, our Arsenal of Democracy, fly over the National Mall and the U.S. Capitol Building. This flight and these planes remind us that as a nation, we rise together or we fall together. Those planes also remind us that when we work together, we suc-ceed together. 
Let us commit to work together to 
end our overspending and balance our budget. 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wyoming Tribune-Eagle, May 19, 
2015] 
FOCUS ON REALISSUES FOR SMALL  
BUSINESSES  
(By Craig Kerrigan) 
In recognition of Small Business Week, I 
thought it appropriate to share some thoughts about small businesses that are not discussed as much as I feel they should be. 
It is frustrating how many articles are 
written about our economy and the effects it has had on small businesses since the Great Recession, but they always seem to take an approach based on surveys, statistics, theo-ries, opinions, analysis and general assump-tions; almost illusory. 
Let me offer a suggestion. I am sure almost all of you have a family 
member, friend or acquaintance who owns a small business here in Cheyenne or Laramie County. 
JUST ASK THEM  
If you do, just ask them what is happening 
in their business and about the management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.025 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3106 May 20, 2015 
decisions they have had to make to navigate 
the issues they face every day as they relate to our economic and political environment. 
No more theories as to what should be hap-
pening, just a simple question as to what is really happening, simply put, where theory meets reality. 
For the purpose of this article, I will use 
businesses that employ between one and 50 employees with gross receipts or sales up to $7.5 million, although the definition varies from industry to industry. 
They are the true backbone and lifeblood 
of our local and national economy as they create 70 percent of new jobs. They are what I call the forgotten many. 
You can find someone in almost all busi-
ness sectors: retail, construction, real estate, manufacturing, professional services and food service, to name a few. 
Many of these small businesses are owned 
and operated by our friends and neighbors, people who go to work every day to provide a service that benefits our local economy. They have no set hours, no guaranteed bene-fits, no stock options and no perks. 
In almost all cases, they started their busi-
ness with their hard-earned savings, conver-sion of retirement accounts from previous employment, gifts from family and credit from banks. They have pledged their homes, vehicles and other personal property just to find enough cash to start their business. 
Many have second jobs and take no salary 
from the business until it can be profitable. 
I have been blessed to have been a banker 
in Cheyenne for almost 40 years, and I have been given a unique perspective from being both a banker and also an owner of a small business as many small community banks are privately and family-owned small busi-nesses. 
I have had the chance to be involved in 
helping to facilitate business startups, ex-pansions, restructures and unfortunately liq-uidating some that have had to close. 
Every business has unique characteristics 
with the type of product or service they sell, the experience of ownership and manage-ment and the demographics of employees. 
They are in business to make a profit, but 
more importantly, they have a passion for what they do. They drive economic growth through investment, innovation and entre-preneurship. They support not only them-selves and their families, but they are re-sponsible for the support of their employees and their families. 
BIGGEST THREATS  
If they can’t make a profit, no one bene-
fits. This is the reality: They will tell you that the biggest threats and challenges they face in today’s economy are heath care, taxes and excessive regulations. 
They want to provide competitive salaries 
and benefits, and in most cases they do. But any cost that is forced upon them they ei-ther pass on to the consumer or they go out of business. 
It is interesting to note that those who 
force these costs upon small businesses are not the ones paying for them, and it is al-ways easier spending other people’s money. 
The new health-care law affects decisions 
they have had to make as to the number of employees they can have and the type of benefits they can offer. Many are limiting full-time employees to less than 50 to avoid the costs of mandated health coverage. 
If they don’t know what the next surprise 
is going to be with our tax code, it is almost impossible to project income and expenses. And if they are forced to follow a new regula-tion, they have to hire non-income producing overhead just to make sure they don’t get fined or worse. 
Many regulations are needed; it is when 
they are inefficient, duplicative and applied based on a ‘‘one size fits all’’ approach that 
they become overwhelming and result in un-intended consequences. 
How do I know this? As a banker, you can-
not be an effective partner in the success of any business unless you analyze financial in-formation and communicate with manage-ment throughout the year. 
Numbers can be interpreted differently, 
but they never lie, and they are not based on theories. You have to know the business of the business and make decisions to help them make the necessary adjustments. 
Sounds simple, but there are many dif-
ferent business structures—sole proprietor-ships, corporations, partnerships and limited liability companies. These are businesses that do not have the luxury to staff human resources, compliance, legal or accounting departments. 
Small businesses must handle many of 
these internally, or hire third-party vendors, which is added expense. The common thread I see at this time is frustration, uncertainty and a feeling of failure due to costs beyond their control, and because of this they are reluctant to reinvest profits and hire more employees. 
So the next time you read an article about 
what should be happening, walk across the street or drive across town and talk with someone you know that owns a small busi-ness. 
THANK THEM  
The first thing you should do is thank 
them for everything they do to make our community a better place. Many of them are members of our Chamber of Commerce and unselfishly give of their time and money to support other small businesses. 
Don’t be indifferent to our economic and 
political environment because the reality is you are paying for any increased costs to small businesses in the prices you pay. 
So at the end of your visit, you will most 
likely hear ‘‘welcome to the real world.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The Senator from Hawaii. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I 
wish to join my colleagues in voicing my opposition to granting fast-track authority. I oppose the procedures con-tained in the bill, and I am seriously concerned about using fast-track to pass trade agreements that don’t re-flect the best interests of the American people and can undermine the preroga-tives of the Congress. 
Some who support fast-track would 
have us believe that opposing this bill and TPP means opposition to a free market, to trade, and to commerce; but that is not true. Commerce is essential, and we should be promoting it. But corporate interests should not be the driving force for public policy decisions on public health, consumer safety, and the environment. 
Just this week, a WTO ruling on our 
country-of-origin food labeling law pro-vided a striking example of how what is called free trade can be used to erode consumer protection. The country-of- origin labeling law was passed by Con-gress, and it requires producers of meat and chicken to provide information to consumers on where the animal was raised and slaughtered. If we ask most people, they would say they want to know if their beef is from Texas or from Taiwan. And even if one isn’t par-ticularly passionate about that issue, I think most people would agree that it 
is squarely within the prerogatives and the constitutional duties of the U.S. Congress to decide. 
Consumers in the U.S. want to know 
where their food comes from. Through a legitimate, democratic process, we passed a law to provide consumers with this information. But no matter how we have revised the rule pursuant to the law, it is apparently still not in compliance with our WTO commit-
ments. It seems that we will have to repeal the law to avoid trade sanctions. 
While our WTO obligations are not 
the same as our commitments under a free-trade agreement, it doesn’t require too much imagination to see how other U.S. laws will buckle under future trade agreements. This is why the deal- breaker for me is the investor-state dispute settlement, or ISDS for short. 
ISDS provides a special forum out-
side of our well-established court sys-tem that is just for foreign investors. These investors are given the right to sue governments over laws and regula-tions that impact their businesses—a legal right not granted to anyone else. This forum is not available to anyone other than foreign investors. It is not open to domestic businesses. It is not open to labor unions, civil society groups or individuals that allege a vio-lation of a treaty obligation. The arbi-trators that preside over these cases are literally not accountable to any-one, and their decisions cannot be ap-pealed. To date, nearly 600 ISDS cases have been filed. Of the 274 cases that have been concluded, almost 60 percent have settled or have been decided in favor of the investor. 
It is true that when a tribunal rules 
in favor of the investor, the arbitrators can’t force the government to change its law, but they can order the govern-ment to pay the investor, which has the same effect. There is no limit to what compensation foreign investors can demand. The largest award to date was more than $2 billion. 
For a developing country that must 
pay this award, sometimes it rep-resents up to a third of their GDP. Most governments cannot risk such a settlement and end up avoiding this kind of conflict altogether. The gov-ernment often agrees to change the law or regulation that is being challenged and still pays some compensation. The threat of a case can be enough to con-vince a government to back away from legitimate public health, safety or en-vironmental policies. 
ISDS cases cost millions of dollars to 
defend and take years to reach their final conclusion. The high profile cases filed by Philip Morris International challenging cigarette packaging laws have had a chilling effect around the world. Several countries have been in-timidated into holding off on passing their own laws to reduce smoking. Every year of delay is a victory for to-bacco companies. They get 1 more year to attract new, young smokers. In the case of tobacco, the cost of ISDS could be human life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.002 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3107 May 20, 2015 
I would hope that if we empower cor-
porations to challenge democratically elected laws and regulations, that we would be doing so for an extremely compelling reason. But here is the thing: The rationale behind ISDS is ex-tremely thin. Advocates claim that in-vestor protections such as ISDS draw foreign investment into a country, but no one has actually been able to dem-onstrate that this link exists. Studies have not even been able to show a sig-nificant correlation between investor protections and the level of foreign in-vestment in that country. Instead of driving decisions to invest, ISDS provi-sions are being manipulated by multi-national corporations. 
Some companies seem to be setting 
up complex corporate structures ex-plicitly for the purpose of taking ad-vantage of existing ISDS provisions. This is what Australia is alleging that Philip Morris did to challenge Aus-tralia’s tobacco laws. The Philip Mor-ris Hong Kong entity bought shares in Philip Morris’s Australian company just 10 months after Australia an-nounced its cigarette plain packaging rules. It seems that Philip Morris did this for no other purpose than to gain access to the ISDS provision in the Hong Kong-Australia Bilateral Invest-ment Treaty. 
ISDS is just another arrow in the 
quiver of legal options available to multinational corporations and no other entity or person. The con-sequences for public health, safety, and the environment far outweigh any real or imagined benefit of ISDS. For these reasons, I oppose fast-track and any trade agreement that contains an ISDS provision. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I 
spoke a little bit this morning about this whole issue—and a very serious issue it is—of currency manipulation. In effect, we are going to have two choices with respect to this issue, one offered by the chairman of the Finance Committee, Senator H
ATCH , and my-
self, and one offered by Senator P
ORTMAN and others. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
I wish to take a few minutes to raise 
what are my biggest concerns with re-spect to the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio, Mr. P
ORTMAN , and 
try to put this issue in context. What is particularly troubling to me is it seems to me that the Portman amendment would outsource the question of the Federal Reserve’s intent in decision-making to the whims of an inter-national tribunal, and I think that is very troubling. That is why Chairman H
ATCH and I have thought to take a 
more flexible approach. 
I am going to outline how I have 
reached that judgment so that col-leagues, as we turn to this question of currency, have a bit more awareness of what is at stake. As I indicated already this morning, we will be discussing this particularly in the conference com-mittee that is going to take place next month when the House and the Senate get together to talk about currency and other critically important enforce-ment issues. 
I fully agree with my colleagues who 
have been saying this is a very impor-tant issue and our government must do more to target countries that harm our economy by artificially deflating their currency. What is at issue is making sure we proceed in a way that really re-dounds to the benefit of our country, our workers, and our business. 
In the process of taking aim at for-
eign currency manipulators, it is espe-cially important to make sure that this Senate does not cause collateral damage to the Federal Reserve and our dollars. We all understand the Federal Reserve uses monetary policy as a tool to stabilize prices and boost employ-ment. The right solution is to make sure that our country gets the upside of going after those who manipulate currency and avoids the downside of re-stricting the tools that Janet Yellen and those in charge of monetary policy may want to use. 
The bipartisan trade promotion bill 
now before the Senate includes a first— many firsts but one in particular. For the first time currency will be a prin-cipal negotiating objective. What Chairman H
ATCH and I have sought to 
do is to strengthen that and to take yet another step. We direct the admin-istration to hold our trading partners accountable when they manipulate cur-rencies by using the most effective tools available: enforceable rules, transparency, recording, monitoring, and a variety of cooperative mecha-nisms. My view is that what Chairman H
ATCH and I are seeking to do here 
strikes the right balance. We get the upside of confronting unfair currency manipulation, and we don’t pick up the downside, tying our hands with respect to policy options that are completely legitimate and important. 
One of those policy options that I feel 
especially strongly about is ensuring that the Fed has the ability to use poli-cies to strive towards full employment. So for me, this issue really comes down to making sure we have all the tools at the Fed and elsewhere for helping to create good jobs and economic sta-bility—jobs that pay higher wages and help our communities prosper. 
The Portman amendment is very dif-
ferent than what I and Chairman H
ATCH have been talking about. Under 
the Portman amendment, our country would be subject to dispute settlement in an international tribunal, which means that there would be trade sanc-tions. Now, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has expressed serious con-
cern that this type of provision could ‘‘hamper’’—these are Janet Yellen’s words—that this type of provision could ‘‘hamper or even hobble mone-tary policy.’’ The Chair’s concern— Janet Yellen’s concern—is that because monetary policy can impact currency valuation, we could end up tying our hands and, in effect, taking one of the Fed’s important tools out of their eco-nomic toolbox. 
For example, a number of countries 
have argued that the Fed’s quan-titative easing policy unfairly values our dollar. Now, I want it understood that I think those countries are dead wrong—dead wrong—in making that argument. But we ought to realize that 
those countries that have sought to cry foul argue that what the Fed did to bring down the unemployment rate was in effect an unfair strategy for increas-ing exports. Colleagues, as we think about this currency issue, consider what could happen if the United States was subject to dispute settlement by an international tribunal on this issue. 
That is why I am concerned that tak-
ing the path of the Portman amend-ment would, as I have described, outsource the question of the Federal Reserve’s intent in decisionmaking to an international tribunal. I think Americans are going to be very skep-tical of the idea that, in effect, we are going to have this international tri-bunal trying to divine essentially what the Federal Reserve’s intent was. I per-sonally do not like the idea at all of outsourcing this judgment to an inter-national tribunal. I think it could have very detrimental consequences both to the cause of trade and to our economy. 
Just yesterday, Treasury Secretary 
Lew said he would recommend a veto of a TPA package that included this type of amendment, because he, too, thought it would threaten our Nation’s ability to respond to a financial crisis. So it is going to be important to get this right, to make sure that our trade agreements have the upside of being strong in the fight against currency manipulation, but to make sure that we also avoid the downside of restrict-ing our monetary policy tools. 
I hope my colleagues will think 
about the unintended consequences of the Portman amendment. If we were to have another unfortunate financial cri-sis—and no one wants that—we all want to make sure that the Federal Reserve has the full array of economic tools to get our economy moving again and to keep workers on the job. 
So we are going to be faced with this 
judgment, and I hope my colleagues will say that the approach Chairman H
ATCH and I have offered is one that 
will allow us to build on the first-ever negotiating objective for currency that is in the bill and accept our amend-ment and recognize that, as I stated earlier, we are going to have another bite at the apple when currency is cer-tain to be an important part of a Cus-toms conference between the House and the Senate in June. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.027 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3108 May 20, 2015 
With that, I see my colleagues are 
here, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, let 
me first say that I thank Senator W
YDEN for his hard work. I am one of 
those who believe it is important for Congress to pass trade promotion au-thority. I don’t believe we can com-plete the TPP without trade promotion authority. I think TPP is an important strategic partnership for the United States as well as an economic partner-ship for the United States. 
Having said that, I listened carefully 
to Senator W
YDEN where the adminis-
tration has raised an objection to a particular amendment and saying if that gets on the bill, they would veto the trade promotion authority. I say that because many of us who support TPA have said: Look, let’s make sure we get it right. Let’s make sure that we have an open amendment process so that we can try to make this the strongest possible bill, because we don’t get that many opportunities to take up trade legislation. 
I just mention that because yes, I 
come to the floor to say that we need trade promotion authority. When you look at the fact that we are a democ-racy with separation of the branches of government, we cannot negotiate—535 of us—with our trading partners and enter into an agreement. We have to delegate that negotiating authority, and that is what TPA does. At the time we delegate that, we also must make it clear what our trade objectives are about, and we also must take advan-tage of that opportunity to protect workers’ rights legitimately and make sure we have a level playing field for American companies. I think that is our responsibility. 
In the discussion of this bill, I want 
to acknowledge that we do have part of this—the trade adjustment assistance. That is important to American work-ers. We have Customs legislation that I wish was in this bill, because I am con-cerned as to whether both will reach the finishing line. But it deals with strong enforcement, and ‘‘level the playing field’’ currency issues are all dealt with in a separate bill that we passed earlier. I guess last week we passed the legislation on the Customs. 
Let me just talk for a moment about 
trade promotion authority, and say that we have to be very clear about our expectations. I want to compliment Senator W
YDEN and Senator H ATCH and 
the Senate Finance Committee. In reading this legislation—and I hope you all had a chance to do it—you are going to find that this really does take our delegation of authority and our ex-pectations to a much higher level than we have ever done on areas that have not been traditionally as clear on Con-gress. 
I will just mention a few of those. 
Our overall trading objective is very clear to deal with labor standards. In quoting from the bill that is before us, on the overall negotiating objectives: 
‘‘to promote respect of worker rights and the rights of children consistent with core labor standards of the ILO (as set out in section 11(7))’’—defined as the International Labour Organiza-tion—‘‘and an understanding of the re-lationship between trade and worker rights . . . to promote universal ratifi-cation and full compliance with ILO Convention No. 182 Concerning the Pro-hibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor . . .’’ 
That is in our overall objective. I 
want to talk a moment about the prin-cipal negotiating objectives, because there is greater consequence to the principal negotiating objectives. There are provisions included in the principal negotiating objectives that are dif-ferent from what we have done in any other TPA bill. 
First, yes, it does deal with the core 
labor rights. The principal negotiating objective that the administration must show us that they have done deals with the ‘‘adopts and maintains measures implementing internationally recog-nized core labor standards . . .’’ that is included in there. 
Included in the principal negotiating 
objectives is the requirement for envi-ronmental law: ‘‘its environmental laws in a manner that [cannot weaken] or reduces protections afforded in those laws in a manner affecting trade or in-vestment between the United States and that party . . .’’ 
So what we have done is that we also 
put in there: ‘‘does not fail to effec-tively enforce its environmental or labor laws, through a sustained or re-curring course of action or inaction . . .’’ 
I read that into the record because I 
want to make it clear that if you be-lieve we should be negotiating trade agreements and you believe that it only can be done through the adminis-tration and can’t be done through Members of Congress individually ne-gotiating a trade agreement, and you believe you need to be clear as to what we expect, the principal negotiating objective is where you include that lan-guage. And we have been very clear in the principal negotiating objectives in regards to core labor standards and en-vironmental standards, because we know that to have a level playing field—the countries we are negotiating with do not have the same high stand-ards that we have for labor, do not have the same high standards we have for the environment—we want to make sure we are not placed at a disadvan-tage. So it is in the principal negoti-ating objectives. 
But we have gone further than that. 
In the principal negotiating objectives we put for the first time anticorruption provisions. That is in the principal ne-gotiating provisions: ‘‘to obtain high standards and effective domestic en-forcement mechanisms . . . [to] pro-hibit such attempts to influence acts, decisions, or omissions of foreign gov-ernment officials or to secure any such 
improper advantage’’—these are anticorruption provisions—‘‘to ensure that such standards level the playing field for United States persons in inter-national trade and investment. . . .’’ 
Why is this important? Because in 
some countries, including those coun-tries with which we are negotiating, there are practices where companies that want to participate in government contracts have to deal with kickbacks or have to deal with bribery. 
Well, American companies cannot do 
that. We have laws that prohibit that, but there should not be anyone dealing with that. In the principal negotiating objectives, we instruct our negotiators to deal with these anticorruption issues. The administration must show we have made progress—not only progress, that we have enforceable standards against corruption that would disadvantage American compa-nies doing business in those countries. 
That is a huge step forward on our 
anticorruption issues, but we go fur-ther than that. I am very proud of an amendment I offered that was adopted to the trade promotion authority deal-ing with good governance, trans-parency, the effective operation of legal regimes, and the rule of law of trading partners. This is, again, a prin-cipal negotiating objective which says we have to strengthen good govern-ance, transparency, the effective oper-ation of legal regimes and the rule of law of trading partners of the United States, through capacity building and other appropriate means, and create a more open Democratic society and—let me add this, this is in the bill—to pro-mote respect for internationally recog-nized human rights. 
That is a principal negotiating objec-
tive. We are talking about freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, associa-tion, religious freedom. We have in-structed the administration—if they accept our bill and sign it into law— come back to us on how we have dealt with advancing good governance, transparency, and respect for inter-nationally recognized human rights in the trade agreement that we brought forward. 
This is the first time we have in-
cluded anything similar to this in a trade promotion authority act. So this is a new level of expectation of what we expect to do in our trade agreements. I really want to emphasize that because we have not been bashful in the past using trade to promote human rights. We usually do it when we have a spe-cific opportunity. We did it well before our time in Congress when Jackson- Vanik was passed, dealing with Soviet Jewry being able to leave the former Soviet Union. 
We also used trade as a hammer to 
bring down the apartheid government of South Africa. Most recently, we used trade as a hammer when we needed to deal with normal trade relations with Russia in regard to a WTO issue— where we attached the Magnitsky law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.028 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3109 May 20, 2015 
to it—that I was proud to work on with 
Senator M CCAIN. I thank Senator 
MCCAINfor his strong leadership on the 
Magnitsky law. 
We used that opportunity, a trade 
bill, to advance international human rights issues in holding Russia ac-countable to its standards and what it did in regard to Sergei Magnitsky. So we should take advantage of the trade promotion authority act to advance basic human rights, particularly when we are dealing with countries that, quite frankly, are challenged in that regard. 
I want to read one other provision 
that is in the current bill dealing with trade promotion authority and dealing with the principle negotiating objec-tives. It spells out very clearly that it is a principal negotiating objective. We have enforcement in it. It says: 
To seek provisions that treat United 
States principal negotiating objectives equally with respect to the ability to resort to dispute settlement under the applicable agreement, the availability of equivalent settlement procedures, and the availability of equivalent remedies. 
What does that mean? What that 
means is that this is not NAFTA agree-ment. In NAFTA, we did make ad-vances on labor and environment, but we did not include it in the core agree-ment. It was not effective. We had no enforcement. We had these sidebar agreements. We learned that was not the way to do it. Well, this TPA says that in regard to human rights and good governance, in regard to labor and the environment, that they are in the principal negotiating objectives and there will be trade sanctions in regard to violations—if there are violations. We hope there are not. We hope they will make the progress. But we have ef-fective ways of dealing with our prin-cipal negotiating objectives that in-clude the good governance issues that I think are critically important. 
I started my remarks by saying 
thank you to Senator W
YDEN . I thank 
him very much because he has really done an incredible job in where we are today. He points out that we are not there yet. I agree. We need an open amendment process here. We need to take up more amendments on the floor of the Senate. I say that as one of those Members who have not been bashful about trying to change the rules of the Senate. 
I am told by people who have been 
here longer than I that the rules of the Senate work. You just have to be a lit-tle patient. OK. We will be a little pa-tient. But let’s figure out a way that we can have more votes on the floor of the Senate in regard to this bill. 
We do not get a chance to take up 
trade bills very often. I have an amend-ment that I want to see acted upon. I do not think it is controversial, but it is extremely important. What that amendment would do is require the President, before commencing negotia-tions with potential trading partners, to take into account whether that po-tential trading partner has engaged in 
a consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights. This amendment appropriately puts gross violations of human rights on par with prenegotiating require-ments of other principal negotiating objectives. So before we start picking countries with which we are going to do trade agreements, let’s make sure they are not gross violators of human rights. 
Now, so everybody does not get nerv-
ous—because TPP is so far advanced— it would not be possible to have the free negotiating objectives certified by the President on TPP. I understand that. There is a blanket exemption in TPA in that regard, which applies also to the amendment I am offering. But I would hope our colleagues would agree that moving forward we would want the President to take that into consid-eration, to make sure we have a game plan, if we are dealing with a country that has violated human rights, as to how we are going correct that activity through the opening of trade. 
Trade with our country is a benefit. 
It should be with countries that share our basic values. Lowering trade bar-riers should come with further commit-ments to our basic values, and that is what my amendment would do. I would urge my colleagues, at the appropriate time, to make sure this amendment is considered. I would ask their support on this amendment. 
Let’s continue to work through the 
process. Let’s continue to improve the bill. Hopefully, we can reach a point where we can send to the President the appropriate legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, no 
more than 2 minutes. Before my col-league leaves the floor, I just want it understood in this body that Senator C
ARDIN has championed for decades the 
cause of labor rights, environmental rights, human rights. I so appreciate his leadership in this area. 
For the first time, as a result of Sen-
ator C
ARDIN ’s work, human rights will 
be a principle negotiating objective be-cause Senator C
ARDIN has been spot-on 
in saying trade must be about human rights. So that is No. 1. 
Point No. 2, my colleague was abso-
lutely right in saying how important it is that we have more votes here. That is why I am going to be spending all day into the night trying to bring that about. I want my colleague to know I will also be very interested in working with him on this additional amend-ment he has to further build on what we have in the bill. I thank my col-leagues for their patience. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business, and when the Senator from South Carolina ar-rives, to engage in a colloquy with the 
Senator from South Carolina, Mr. G
RA-
HAM. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
FOREIGN POLICY AND ISIL  
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, 
today, the black flags of ISIL fly over the city of Ramadi, the capital of Iraq’s Anbar Province. Anbar was once a symbol of Iraqis working together with brave young Americans in uni-form to defeat Al Qaeda. Today, it ap-pears to be a sad reminder of this ad-ministration’s indecisive air campaign in Iraq and Syria and a broader lack of strategy to achieve its stated objective of degrading and destroying ISIL. 
Equally disturbing, reports indicate 
over 75,000 Iranian-backed Shiite mili-tias are preparing to launch a counter-offensive in the larger Sunni province. Whatever the operational success Shi-ite militias may have in Anbar would be far exceeded by the strategic dam-age caused by their violent sec-tarianism and the fear and suspicion it breeds among Iraqi Sunnis. 
Moreover, the prominent role of 
these militias continues to feed the perception of a Baghdad government unable or unwilling to protect Sunnis, which is devastating to the political reconciliation efforts that must be cen-tral to ensuring a united Iraq can rid itself of ISIL. Shiite militias and Ira-nian meddling will only foster the con-ditions that gave birth to ISIL in the first place. 
Liberating Ramadi and defeating 
ISIL requires empowering Sunnis who want to rise and fight ISIL themselves, including by integrating them into Iraqi security forces, providing more robust American military assistance. Indeed, the Obama administration and its spokesperson have tried to save face for its failed policies by diminishing the importance of Ramadi to the cam-paign against ISIL and the future of Iraq. As ISIL forces captured and sacked Ramadi, the Pentagon’s news page ran a story with the headline, ‘‘Strategy to Defeat ISIL is Working.’’ Secretary of State John Kerry said Ramadi was a mere ‘‘target of oppor-tunity.’’ 
White House Press Secretary Josh 
Earnest said yesterday we should not ‘‘light our hair on fire every time there is a setback in the campaign against ISIL.’’ Meanwhile, Ramadi, Iraq, and the region are on fire. How could any-one—how could anyone say we should not light our hair on fire when news re-ports clearly indicate there are burning bodies in the streets of Ramadi, that ISIL is going from house to house, seeking out people and executing them. Tens of thousands of people are refu-gees. What does the President’s spokes-man say? That we should not light our hair on fire every time there is a set-back. 
The Secretary of State of the United 
States of America said Ramadi was a mere ‘‘target of opportunity.’’ Have we completely lost—have we completely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.030 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3110 May 20, 2015 
lost our sense of any moral caring and 
concern about thousands and thou-sands of people who are murdered, who are made refugees, who are dying as we speak—and the President’s Press Sec-retary says we should not light our hair on fire. 
What does the President have to say 
today? The President of the United States today says: Well, it is climate change that we have to worry about. I am worried about climate change. 
Do we give a damn about what is 
happening in the streets of Ramadi and the thousands of refugees and the peo-ple—innocent men, women, and chil-dren who are dying and being executed and their bodies burned in the streets? 
A few weeks ago, as ISIL closed in on 
Ramadi, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said the city ‘‘is not symbolic in any way’’ and is ‘‘not cen-tral to the future of Iraq,’’ the capital of the Anbar Province, the place where we lost the lives of some 400 brave Americans and some 1,000 in the first battle of Ramadi during the surge. 
These are quotes from the media re-
ports: Bodies, some burned, littered the streets as local officials reported the militants carried out mass killing of Iraq security forces and civilians. 
Islamic state militants searched door-to- 
door for policemen and pro-government fighters and threw bodies in the Euphrates River in a bloody purge Monday after cap-turing the strategic city of Ramadi. . . . Some 500 civilians and soldiers died in the extremist killing spree. . . . 
They said [ISIS] militants were going 
door-to-door with lists of government sym-pathizers and were breaking into the homes of policeman and pro-government tribesmen. 
So the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs 
of Staff said it is not symbolic in any way. It is not central to the future of Iraq. It was in response to those com-ments that Debbie Lee sent a letter to General Dempsey. Debbie’s son, Marc Alan Lee, was the first Navy SEAL killed in the Iraq war. For his bravery he was awarded the Silver Star and his comrades renamed their base in Ramadi ‘‘Camp Marc Alan Lee.’’ 
‘‘I am shaking and tears are flowing 
down my cheeks as I watch the news and listen to the insensitive, pain-in-flicting comments made by you in re-gards to the fall of Ramadi’’ Debbie wrote General Dempsey. 
She continues: 
My son and many others gave their future 
in Ramadi. Ramadi mattered to them. Many military analysts say that as goes Ramadi so goes Iraq. 
Debbie Lee is right. Ramadi does 
matter. It matters to the families of the 187 brave Americans who gave their lives and another 1,150 who were wounded, some of them still residing at Walter Reed hospital, who were wound-ed fighting to rid Ramadi of Al Qaeda from August 2005 to March 2007. 
And it matters to the hundreds of 
thousands of Iraqis, mostly Sunnis, who call Ramadi home, were forced to flee their homes, and feel their govern-ment cannot protect them against ISIL’s terror. Ramadi’s fall is a significant defeat, 
one that should lead our Nation’s lead-ers to reconsider an indecisive policy and a total lack of strategy that has done little to roll back ISIL and has strengthened the malign sectarian in-fluence of Iran. 
I wish to go back. Yesterday, as I 
mentioned, Press Secretary Josh Ear-nest said: ‘‘Are we going to light our hair on fire every time there is a set-back?’’ 
It is one of the more incredible state-
ments I have ever heard a public figure make. Well, General Dempsey’s com-ments are equally as absurd. 
The New York Times headline: 
‘‘Iraq’s Sunni Strategy Collapses in Ramadi Rout.’’ 
The Washington Post: ‘‘Fall of 
Ramadi reflects failure of Iraq’s strat-egy against ISIS, analysts say.’’ 
Wall Street Journal: ‘‘US Rethinks 
Strategy to Battle Islamic State After Setback in Ramadi.’’ 
Associated Press: ‘‘Rout in Ramadi 
calls U.S. strategy into question.’’ 
Bloomberg: ‘‘Islamic State Victory 
Threatens to Unravel Obama’s Iraq Strategy.’’ 
The only problem with that state-
ment is there is no strategy to unravel. 
The Daily Beast: ‘‘ISIS Counterpunch 
Stuns U.S. and Iraq.’’ 
According to the Associated Press: 
‘‘The United Nations says it is rushing aid to nearly 25,000 people fleeing for the second time in a month,’’ after the Islamic State group seized the key Iraqi city. 
The U.N. reported 114,000 people fled 
Ramadi in April. The U.N. reports it has helped more than 130,000 people over the past alone. 
Continuing: ‘‘Bodies, some burned, 
littered the streets as local officials re-ported the militants carried out mass killings of Iraq security forces and ci-vilians.’’ 
It goes on and on. Before I turn to my friend from 
South Carolina, I just want to point out, my friends, that this did not have to happen. This is the result of a failed, feckless policy that called for, against all reason, the total and complete withdrawal from Iraq after we had won with the enormous expenditure of American blood and treasure, including 187 of them in the battle of Ramadi. 
In 2011, Senator L
IEBERMAN , GRAHAM , 
and I argued that the complete pullout from Iraq would ‘‘needlessly put at risk all of the hard-worn gains the United States has achieved there at enormous cost in blood and treasure,’’ and poten-tially be ‘‘a very serious foreign policy and national security mistake for our country.’’ 
We wrote a long article in the Wash-
ington Post. In October, 2011, on the day President Obama announced a total withdrawal of troops from Iraq, Senator M
CCAINcalled the decision ‘‘a 
strategic victory for our enemies in the Middle East, especially the Iranian re-gime,’’ and warned that ‘‘I fear that all of the gains made possible by these brave Americans in Iraq, at such grave 
cost, are now at risk.’’ That was in 2011. 
In December of 2011, Senators 
M
CCAINand G RAHAM predicted that if 
Iraq slid back into sectarian violence due to U.S. pullout, ‘‘the consequences will be catastrophic for the Iraqi peo-ple and U.S. interests in the Middle East, and a clear victory for Al Qaeda and Iran.’’ 
It goes on and on. Time after time, 
Senator G
RAHAM and I warned exactly 
what was going to happen in Iraq. It was not necessary to happen. It is be-cause of this President’s refusal to leave a force behind. 
Now, my friends, before I turn to my 
friend from South Carolina, what was said at the same time that Senator G
RAHAM , Senator Lieberman, and I 
were warning of this catastrophe? What was said at the same time? 
February 2010, Vice President B
IDEN: 
I am very optimistic about Iraq. I think 
it’s going to be one of the great achieve-ments of this administration. You are going to see a stable government in Iraq that is ac-tually moving toward a representative gov-ernment. 
In December 2011, at a Fort Bragg 
event marking the end of Iraq war, President Obama said: 
But we are leaving behind a sovereign, sta-
ble and self-reliant Iraq. This is an extraor-dinary achievement, nearly 9 years in the making. 
In March 2012—this is perhaps my fa-
vorite—Tony Blinken, then national security adviser to Vice President B
IDEN, stated: ‘‘Iraq today is less vio-
lent, more democratic, and more pros-perous than at any time in recent his-tory.’’ 
This is November of 2012, and Presi-
dent Obama on the Presidential cam-paign trail said: 
The war in Iraq is over, the war in Afghani-
stan is winding down, al Qaeda has been deci-mated, Osama bin Laden is dead. The war in Iraq is over. The war in Afghanistan is wind-ing down. Al Qaeda has been decimated. Osama bin Laden is dead. 
So we have made real progress these 
last 4 years. 
In January 2014—I guess this is my 
favorite—President Obama on ISIS: 
The analogy we use around here some-
times, and I think is accurate, is if a jayvee team puts on Lakers uniforms that doesn’t make them Kobe Bryant. 
He was talking about ISIS: 
The analogy we use around here some-
times, and I think is accurate, is if a jayvee team puts on Lakers uniforms that doesn’t make them Kobe Bryant. 
We are seeing a dark chapter in 
American history, and it is the getting darker. In response to a slaughter in Ramadi, the answer seems to be: ‘‘Let’s not set our hair on fire [over this].’’ That was by the President’s Press Sec-retary, and that Ramadi isn’t impor-tant at all, from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. This is a ‘‘tem-porary setback.’’ This is, according to the Secretary of State, ‘‘a target of op-portunity.’’ 
Where is our morality? Where is our 
decency? Where is our concern about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.031 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3111 May 20, 2015 
these thousands of people who are 
being slaughtered and displaced and their lives destroyed? And we shouldn’t set our hair on fire? Outrageous. 
I ask my friend, Senator G
RAHAM , 
what we should do next. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Well, we should under-
stand that the direct threat of the homeland is growing by the day. 
If you want to be indifferent to what 
is going on in Iraq and say that people are dying all over the world and that is no reason for us to care or get in-volved, because we can’t be everywhere all the time doing everything for ev-erybody, I would suggest to you that ISIL in Syria and Iraq represents a growing threat to our homeland. But you don’t have to believe me. Ask our intelligence community. 
Over 10,000 foreign fighters have gone 
into Syria in support of ISIL over the last few months. Their goal is to hit the American homeland, so this JV team is becoming an existential threat—maybe not existential, maybe that is an overstatement—a real threat to the American homeland. 
Ramadi is a big victory for them. It 
is a recruiting tool. They have been able to take on the Iraqi Army. They have been able to stand up to constant air assault by the American forces. They are surviving, and they are thriv-ing. 
So if you want to stop the flow of for-
eign fighters into the arms of ISIL, you have to deliver stinging defeats on the battlefield. Not only are they stronger today in Iraq and Syria than they have been in quite a while, but they are ex-panding their influence to Libya, Af-ghanistan, and throughout the region. 
All I can tell you is their agenda in-
cludes three things—the purification of their religion, which means 3-year-old little girls are executed. Just hear what I said: They executed a 3-year-old little girl. They are enslaving women by the thousands as sex slaves under some twisted version of Islam. What they are doing to people we can’t really talk about on the floor, because I think it would be just beyond our ability to comprehend. 
The second thing they want to do is 
to drive out all Western influence and create a caliphate where our allies have no place. The King of Jordan would be deposed. All the friends of the United States and people who live in peace with Israel, they fall. And then their place becomes the most radical Islamic regime known in the history of the world, which will destroy Israel if they can—purify their religion, destroy Israel, and come after us. 
President Obama, President Bush 
made mistakes. He adjusted, you have not. President Bush had a defining mo-ment in his Presidency in 2006. The Iraq war was going very poorly. We had just gotten beaten on the Republican side, and the Iraq war was one of the reasons we lost at the ballot box. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Could I interrupt my 
friend and point out that both of us, be-cause of our perception that we were losing in Iraq, under our Republican 
President, called for the resignation of the Secretary of Defense and a new strategy. We saw with our own party in the White House that we were failing in Iraq and we could not succeed. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Yes, I remember very 
vividly going to the White House after multiple visits to Iraq and telling President Bush: When your people tell you this is just a few dead-enders, and this is the result of bad reporting by our media, they are wrong. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. And that stuff happens. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Yes, it wasn’t that 
stuff happens; it was that we had it wrong. The strategy we had in place up to 2006 was failing. And the way you know it was failing is that if you go there often enough—I remember the first trip we took in Iraq after Baghdad fell. We were in three SUVs. We went downtown, shopping, and met with some leaders. And every time we went thereafter, it was always a bit worse, to the point that we were inside of a tank, virtually, to go outside the wire. 
It was clear to anybody who was pay-
ing attention at all in Iraq that it was not working. I remember talking to a sergeant at one of the mess halls and asking: Sergeant, how is it going over here? 
And his answer was: Well, not very 
well. We just drive around getting our ass shot off. 
About 1 year later, maybe 2 years 
later, we went back to the same unit, to different sergeant, after the surge, and I asked another sergeant: How is it going? 
Sir, we are kicking their ass. So the bottom line here is that I 
think Senator M
CCAINand I have been 
more right than wrong. But we were willing to tell our own President it wasn’t working. He did make mistakes. We all have. It is not about the mis-takes you make. It is how you correct your own mistakes. 
This President—President Obama, 
you are at a defining moment in your Presidency. If you do not change your strategy regarding ISIL in Iraq and Syria—because it is one and the same— then this country is very likely to get attacked in another 9/11 fashion. You need to listen to the people in the in-telligence community and those who have been in the military in Iraq for a very long time. You are about to make a huge mistake if you don’t change your strategy. 
I know Americans are war weary, but 
let me just say this to the American people. The current strategy is going to fail, and one of the consequences of failure is the likelihood of our country or our allies getting hit and hit hard. We don’t have enough American forces in Iraq to change the tide of battle. We need American trainers, advisers, Spe-cial Forces units, and forward air con-trollers to make sure the Iraqi Army can win any engagement against ISIL. If we keep the configuration we have today, it is just going to result in more losses over time. Why do we need thousands of soldiers 
over there? To protect the millions of us here. And the only reason I would ever ask any soldier to go back over-seas for any purpose is if I believed it was important to protect our home-land—and I do. So this strategy that we have in place is a complete failure inside of Syria, particularly, and it is not working inside of Iraq. 
We are on borrowed time, Senator 
M
CCAIN. 
President Obama, you need to listen 
to sound military advice. You need to build up the Iraqi military by having more of us on the ground to help them and turn the tide of battle before ISIL gets even stronger and they hit us here. If you don’t adjust, the price that we are going to pay as a nation is, I be-lieve, another attack on the homeland. 
So at the end of the day, you can 
blame Bush, you can blame Obama, you can blame me, and you can blame Senator M
CCAIN. We are where we are. 
And I am convinced, if we had left a re-sidual force behind in Iraq, we would not be here today. 
President Bush, like every other 
leader in the world, had certain infor-mation—some of which proved to be faulty. He made his fair share of mis-takes, but he adjusted. 
President Obama had good, sound ad-
vice in front of him to leave a residual force behind. He decided to go in a dif-ferent direction. When they tell you at the White House that the Iraqis didn’t want us to stay, that is a complete, ab-solute fabrication and a rewriting of history. President Obama, Vice Presi-dent B
IDEN got the answer they want-
ed. They made a campaign promise to end the war in Iraq. They fulfilled that promise, but what they have actually done is lost the war in Iraq. And the war in Iraq and what happens in Syria is directly tied to our own national se-curity. 
I hope the President will seize this 
opportunity to come up with a new strategy that will protect the home-land and reset order. Radical Islam is running wild in the Middle East, and as it runs wild over there, as they rape and murder, plunder and kill and cru-cify, to think those people will not eventually harm us I think is naive. 
The only way we are going to stop 
ISIL and people like ISIL is to come up with a strategy that will allow us to win. The strategy we have in place today will ensure the existence of ISIL as far as the eye can see, the fracturing of Iraq and Syria, and one day will in-evitably lead to an attack on this country. All of this is preventable with a new strategy. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, on 
behalf of Senator G RAHAM and me and 
many others, I have a message for Marc Alan Lee’s mother—the mother of the first Navy SEAL who was killed in the Iraq war and who, for bravery, was awarded the Silver Star—and 186 other mothers who lost their sons in the battle for Ramadi: I will never stop. I will never stop until we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.033 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3112 May 20, 2015 
avenged their deaths. And we will bring 
freedom and democracy to Iraq. 
But more importantly than that is 
the threat this radical Islam and the Iranians pose to our Nation and the young men and women who are serving in the military. 
As a result of this President’s feck-
less policies, we have put the lives of the men and women who are serving in the military in much greater danger. My highest obligation is to do every-thing in my power to see that this situ-ation is reversed and that they get the support and the equipment they need and most of all that they get a policy and a strategy that will succeed and defeat ISIS and Iran in their hege-monic ambitions. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Massachu-
setts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor to support an amendment I filed with Senators M
ERKLEY , BALDWIN , 
and B LUMENTHAL . The amendment is 
simple. It says Congress shouldn’t make it easy to pass any trade deal that weakens our financial rules. 
In 2008, we suffered through the worst 
financial crisis in generations. Millions of families lost their homes. Millions of people lost their jobs. Millions lost their retirement savings. And they watched as the government spent hun-dreds of billions of their tax dollars to bail out the giant banks. 
In response, Congress passed some 
commonsense financial reforms—the Dodd-Frank act. These new rules cracked down on the cheating and lying in the financial marketplace. They required the big banks to raise more capital so they wouldn’t need a bailout if they started to stumble. They gave our regulators new tools to oversee the biggest banks to make sure the rules were followed. 
It is no surprise the giant banks 
don’t like the new rules, so for 5 years now they have been on the attack. They have sent their armies of lobby-ists and lawyers and their Republican friends in Congress to try to roll back the rules and let the giants of Wall Street run free again. Democrats stood strong to fight off these attacks be-cause we knew that thoughtful rules can help stop the next financial crisis and protect our working families from another great recession. But now, if this fast-track bill passes, Democrats will be handing Republicans a powerful tool they can use to weaken our finan-cial rules. 
Here is how it works: This fast-track 
bill applies to any trade deal presented to Congress in the next 6 years, which is through the end of the Obama Presi-dency, through the entirety of the next Presidency, and into the Presidency after that. Fast-track prevents anyone in Congress from offering any amend-ments to a trade bill. And in the Sen-ate, with fast-track, a trade bill can pass with just 51 votes, not the 60 typi-cally required for major bills. What if we have a Republican Presi-
dent in 2016 or 2020? Look, I hope that will not be the case, but this is a de-mocracy and it is not up to me. Most Republicans—including ones currently running for President—are committed to rolling back financial reforms. With fast-track, they could weaken our fi-nancial rules in a trade deal and then ram it through Congress with just 51 votes in the Senate. That is a lot easier than the 60 votes needed for a head-on attack on the financial rules through the normal legislative process. 
This is a real risk. We are already 
deep into negotiations with the Euro-pean Union over a massive trade agree-ment. The European negotiators are pressing hard to include financial re-forms as part of that trade deal. And lobbyists from the United States have recognized that the European trade deal is a great opportunity to weaken America’s financial reforms. 
Here is what a member of the Euro-
pean Parliament said just a few months ago: ‘‘I have been approached by lobbyists that have clearly argued they want to have a weak European regulation, much weaker than Dodd- Frank, in order to use that afterwards as a level to undercut or undermine Dodd-Frank in the transatlantic nego-tiations.’’ 
The big banks on both sides of the 
Atlantic are pushing for changes, too. A letter from some of the largest finan-cial industry groups in Europe and the United States called for an ‘‘ambitious chapter’’ on financial regulations in the European trade deal. I don’t think they are looking to make our regula-tions stronger. 
Michael Barr, a former senior Obama 
official at the Treasury Department and one of the architects of Dodd- Frank, said that the risk to Dodd- Frank in a European trade deal is ‘‘real and meaningful and worth worrying about.’’ Barr has noted that European officials are ‘‘barnstorming the U.S., looking for support to include financial services as part of the talks on the pro-posed Transatlantic Trade and Invest-ment Partnership,’’ while the financial industry looks to use talks to ‘‘over-turn the pesky—and highly effective— rules being implemented in the U.S. under the Dodd-Frank act.’’ 
The Obama administration, to their 
credit, has stood strong against such attempts. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew noted in testimony before the House Financial Services Committee that there is ‘‘pressure to lower stand-ards’’ on things such as financial regu-lations in trade deals but that the ad-ministration believes that is ‘‘not ac-ceptable.’’ Our lead negotiator, U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman, has said that the United States is ‘‘not open to creating any process designed to reopen, weaken, or undermine im-plementation’’ of Dodd-Frank. And President Obama’s administration says our trade deals should not include reg-ulation of financial services. I agree. But this President won’t be President in 18 months, and there is nothing this 
President can do to stop the next President from reversing direction in the European negotiations. 
Senator M
CCONNELL certainly knows 
this. That is why he is telling Repub-licans that ‘‘if we want the next Repub-lican President to have a chance to do trade agreements with the rest of the world, this bill is about that President as well as this one.’’ 
That is why I am proposing this 
amendment—to make sure no future President can fast-track a trade agree-ment that weakens our financial regu-lations. All of my colleagues who be-lieve in holding the big banks account-able and keeping our financial system safe should support this amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I have 
come to the floor a number of times this week to talk about the trade issue, and we are now debating that legisla-tion. I have put up this sign because it is being used by folks on our side of the aisle to talk about the importance of this agreement. It talks about a free and fair trade agreement for a healthy economy. I agree that it needs to be fair, and I agree we need to expand ex-ports. 
I support for the first time in 7 years 
giving the U.S. Government the ability to knock down barriers to our farmers, our workers, and our service providers so we can get a fair shake, but we have to be sure it is fair. And so to my col-leagues who have put up this sign and then have opposed the amendment I am about to talk about, I hope they will focus on the fair part as well as the ex-pansion of trade to make sure it does indeed give our farmers and workers a fair shake. 
There has been a lot of debate about 
a particular amendment dealing with currency manipulation. It turns out ev-erybody is against currency manipula-tion. Maybe that has been an evo-lution, but everybody is now saying the same thing. The question is whether it should be enforceable. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
There has been a lot of discussion on 
the floor here today about the amend-ment I am offering with Senator S
TA-
BENOW , and frankly there has been 
some misinformation out here that I would like to clarify. 
First, I want to talk about what 
these two amendments do. They are very similar, with one exception. The amendment being offered by Senator H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN does not in-
clude enforcement. So they say that this is terrible, that we ought not to have currency manipulation, but the amendment does not have the courage of its convictions. It doesn’t say we should do anything about it. 
Here is the language. First, both 
have basically the same definition— targeting protracted and large-scale intervention in the exchange markets by a party to a trade agreement to gain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.035 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3113 May 20, 2015 
an unfair advantage. What that basi-
cally means is that people lower their currency deliberately by intervening in order to make their exports less expen-sive to the United States and make our exports to them more expensive. That is not fair. But basically we both iden-tify the same problem and ensure that we are focused on this issue of real cur-rency manipulation. 
Second, the amendment I am offering 
has a specific exemption for what we call macroeconomic policy or specifi-cally domestic monetary policy. In other words, QE1, 2, and 3 would not be affected by our amendment. Yet, even though the Hatch-Cornyn folks are saying they are concerned about that in our amendment, that it might affect domestic policy and monetary policy, they don’t have it in their amendment. We have it in ours. 
So we not only define currency ma-
nipulation so that it is clear that it ap-plies to the kinds of standards the International Monetary Fund cur-rently requires—by the way, to all of the countries that might be signatory to the so-called Trans-Pacific Partner-ship; all of them—but it also explicitly says in ours that this shall not be con-strued to restrict the exercise of do-mestic monetary policy. Therefore, ours is a stronger amendment with re-gard to that issue. 
I also noticed something about their 
amendment that is interesting. They say theirs has to be consistent with ex-isting obligations of the United States as a member of the IMF and the WTO— the World Trade Organization. Ours says the same thing, except consistent with existing principles and agree-ments, meaning the other countries have to live up to their agreements also. 
I am not quite sure why they don’t 
think other countries should have to live up to their obligations. When you sign up with the IMF and the WTO, you are required not to manipulate your currency. Yet, people do it because there is no enforcement. Their amend-ment doesn’t deal with this issue di-rectly. Ours does—have it be consistent with the obligations these countries have already undertaken. 
Finally and, of course, the most im-
portant part is the enforceability. There were 60 Senators who in 2013 signed a letter—and the letter went to the President—regarding trade agree-ments and currency manipulation. The letter said: We need to have enforce-able currency manipulation provisions. Sixty Senators. A number of those Sen-ators are still here in the Senate, of course. I think they were genuine in signing that letter. I was one of them, and I certainly was. I am also a signa-tory to other legislation and have been working on this issue for a long time. Ten years ago, I testified in this Con-gress about this very issue. But I hope those 60 Senators understand that they said they wanted it to be enforceable. Ours is enforceable. It says it is to be enforceable just like anything else— like intellectual property protection, 
like what the tariff level ought to be, like labor and environment standards— and it is up to the administration to determine exactly how to proceed with that. That flexibility is in here. It is a trade negotiating objective, and that is appropriate, too, in my view. I am a former U.S. Trade Representative. I used to negotiate these agreements. 
The trade negotiation objectives are 
something we took seriously, but we were given some flexibility. This amendment provides that flexibility. 
Finally, there has been a lot of dis-
cussion about poison pills. I have joked that this is more like a vitamin pill than a poison pill because this would actually help strengthen this under-lying agreement and help us get more support for trade. 
The polling data on this, by the way, 
is overwhelming. Nine out of ten Amer-icans agree that we have to deal with currency manipulation. Why? Because they think it is wrong. It is wrong. 
So I have heard it is a poison pill, 
first because it might hurt us here in the Senate. Just the opposite is true. There are Senators who have told me they would like to support trade pro-motion authority but they need some-thing on currency manipulation to help them get there. 
Is it a poison pill in the House? Well, 
the vote in the House apparently is tough to come by for TPA. I hope it does end up being a TPA that can pass the Senate and the House. As I said earlier, I think it is the right thing for the workers I represent to expand to markets overseas. But this will help, it won’t hurt, because this will give Re-publicans from my home State of Ohio and around the country the ability to go home and look their workers in the eye and say: You know what, we fo-cused on the fair part here. We focused on ensuring that if you work hard and play by the rules, you will have a chance to compete and a chance to win. 
Finally, they say: Well, it is a poison 
pill because of the White House, be-cause there was a veto threat rec-ommended by the Secretary of the Treasury yesterday. Well, it was a rec-ommendation; it wasn’t a Statement of Administration Policy. 
I would just reference the President’s 
own statements on this. I know how he feels about it; he is against currency manipulation. In fact, he said that he wanted to be sure to work with col-leagues, ‘‘that any trade agreement brought before the Congress is meas-ured not against administration com-mitments but instead against the rights of Americans to protection from unfair trade practices, including cur-rency manipulation.’’ He said he couldn’t vote for a trade agreement without enforceable practices on cur-rency manipulation—enforceable so that the rights of Americans could be protected. So I know where the Presi-dent stood on it, and I hope he will re-member that this is about expanding trade. And that is good. We need to do that but at the same time ensure that 
we have a more level playing field. 
People have said it is a poison pill be-
cause some of our partners in TPP don’t want to have to live up to their obligations under the International Monetary Fund. To my colleagues I would just say that should concern us. The last thing we want to do is to com-plete an agreement called the Trans- Pacific Partnership and then find out after the fact that all these tariffs we reduced, all these nontariff barriers that got knocked down didn’t matter much because these same countries de-cided they were going to manipulate their currency, which undoes so much of the benefit of a trade agreement. 
Paul Volcker, former Fed Chair, has 
said it well: ‘‘In five minutes, exchange rates can wipe out what it took trade negotiators ten years to accomplish.’’ So it should concern us if our trading partners aren’t interested. 
By the way, two of them—Japan and 
Malaysia—have engaged in currency manipulation in the past. Are they doing it now? In my view, no. In the IMF view, no. But they have. Japan hasn’t done it since 2012, but before that they did it over 300 times. 
Why the heck wouldn’t we want to 
have a provision in here that says: I know you are not doing it now, but now that we have come up with this great agreement to expand access for American farmers and American work-ers and American service providers to Japan, let’s be sure you don’t do it in the future and undo all those gains. And why would they be worried about that? Why would they not sign up for that kind of commitment? Why wouldn’t the United States sign up and all these other countries? Malaysia is the other country that has in the past manipulated its currency. Why wouldn’t they sign up for this? If they are refusing to do so, if this is consid-ered a poison pill for that reason, we should be worried about it. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for giv-
ing me the time to clarify some of the statements made earlier on the floor today. I hope every Member of the Sen-ate will decide, as they talk about the need for more enforcement, that this is exactly what we are talking about and that they will ensure this trade pro-motion authority representing the views of the Congress includes real en-forcement and real help for the work-ers we represent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky. 
PATRIOT ACT  
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, there 
comes a time in the history of nations when fear and complacency allow power to accumulate and liberty and privacy to suffer. That time is now. And I will not let the PATRIOT Act— the most unpatriotic of acts—go un-challenged. 
At the very least, we should debate. 
We should debate whether we are going to relinquish our rights or whether we are going to have a full and able debate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.036 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3114 May 20, 2015 
over whether we can live within the 
Constitution or whether we have to go around the Constitution. 
The bulk collection of all Americans’ 
phone records all of the time is a direct violation of the Fourth Amendment. The Second Appeals Court has ruled it is illegal. 
The President began this program by 
Executive order. He should imme-diately end it through Executive order. For over a year now, he has said the program is illegal. Yet, he does noth-ing. He says: Well, Congress can get rid of the PATRIOT Act; Congress can get of the bulk collection. Yet, he has the power to do it at his fingertips. He began this illegal program. The court has informed him that the program is illegal. He has every power to stop it. Yet, the President does nothing. 
Justice Brandeis wrote that the right 
to be left alone is the most cherished of rights, most prized among civilized men. The Fourth Amendment incor-porates this right to privacy. The Fourth Amendment incorporates this right to be left alone. 
When we think about the bulk collec-
tion of records, we might ask, well, maybe I am willing to give up my free-dom for security. Maybe if I just give up a little freedom, I will be more safe. 
Most of the information that comes 
on whether you are safe comes from people who have secret information you are not allowed to look at. So you have to trust the people—you have to trust those in our intelligence commu-nity that they are being honest with you, that when they tell you how im-portant these programs are and that you must give up your freedom, you must give up part of the Fourth Amendment—when they tell you this, you have to trust them. 
The problem is, we are having a great 
deal of difficulty trusting these people. When James Clapper, the head of the 
intelligence agency, the Director of National Intelligence, was asked point blank, are you collecting the phone records of Americans in bulk, he said no. It turns out that was dishonest. Yet, President Obama still has him in place. 
So when they say how important 
these programs are and how they are keeping us safe from terrorists, we are having to trust someone who lied to a congressional committee. It is a felony to lie to a congressional committee, and nothing has been done about this. 
About a year ago, we began having 
this debate because a whistleblower came forward and said: Here is a war-rant for all of the phone records from Verizon. 
You say: Well, maybe they have evi-
dence that people at Verizon were doing something wrong. 
There is no evidence. This is that 
they want everyone’s phone records. 
I don’t have a problem with going 
after terrorists and getting their records, but you should call a judge and you should say the name of the terrorist, and then you get their records as much as you want. If I am the judge and they ask me for 
the Tsarnaev boy’s records—the Boston Bomber—the Russians had investigated him. He had gone back to Chechnya. Yet, nobody asked for a warrant to look at his stuff. We didn’t even know he went back to Chechnya. And then we had the disaster at the Boston Mar-athon. 
I would make the argument that we 
spend so much time making the hay-stack bigger and bigger that we can’t find the needle because the haystack is too darned big. We keep making it big-ger and bigger, and we are taking re-sources away from the human analysts who should be looking and seeing when Tsarnaev travels outside of our coun-try. 
We recently had another terrorist 
travel from Phoenix to Texas. We had arrested him previously. My guess is there was sufficient cause—probable cause—for a real warrant to look at his activities, and we should. But I don’t think we are made any safer by looking at every American’s records. 
In fact, when this came up, the gov-
ernment said: Well, we have captured 52 terrorists because of this. But then when the President’s own privacy com-mission looked at all 52 of them, there was a debate about whether one had been aided but not found by these records and would have been found by other records. 
We have to decide as a country 
whether we value our Bill of Rights, whether we value our privacy, or whether we are willing to give that up to feel safer, because I am not even sure you really can argue that we are safer, but people will argue that they feel safer. But think about it. Is the standard to be that if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear but that everything should be exposed to the government, that all of your records can be collected? 
Some will say these are just boring 
old business records. Why would you care if they could find out who you called and how long you spoke on the phone? Well, two Stanford students did a study on this. They got an app and they put the app on the phone—volun-tarily—of 500 people. These people then made phone calls. All they looked at was how long they spoke—metadata— and whom they spoke to, the phone number to which they were connected. What they found was that without any other information, 85 percent of the time they could tell what their religion was; more than 70 percent of the time they could tell who their doctor was; they could tell what medications they took; they could tell what diseases they had. The government shouldn’t have the ability to get that informa-tion unless they have suspicion, unless they have probable cause that you committed a crime. 
When they looked at this, the appeals 
court was flabbergasted that the gov-ernment would make the argument that this was somehow relevant to an investigation—because that is what the standard is. Under the Constitution, 
the standard is probable cause, which means there is some evidence or sus-picion that you have done something illegal. But the standard now is rel-evance, which means, is it relevant to an investigation? But the court said that even that looser standard of rel-evance completely destroys any mean-ing of any words if we are going to say every American’s phone record in the whole country is somehow relevant to an investigation. 
But it gets worse. They don’t even 
have to prove it. The government says to the court that they think it is rel-evant, but there is no challenge and there is no debate. It is just taken at face value—or at least it was until this court ruling was appealed. So we now have the second appeals court that said this bulk collection of phone records is illegal. 
There are many different programs 
going on. This is the only one we know about where our government is col-lecting our records, and the only rea-son we know about it is not because the government was honest with you— the government was dishonest. The Di-rector of National Intelligence tried to basically lie to the American people and say it didn’t exist. So we know about this one, but what other pro-grams are out there? 
There is something called Executive 
Order 12333. There are some who be-lieve this is just the tip of the iceberg, the bulk collection; that there is an enormous amount of data being col-lected on people through this other program. 
One question is, if there is no Fourth 
Amendment protection to your records, are they collecting your credit card bills? I don’t know the truth of that. I would sure like to know. I don’t know whether to trust their answer if I asked them, if they will be honest with us and say are they collecting our cred-it card records. 
People might say: Well, your credit 
card records are just boring old busi-ness records. Why would you care? 
But think about it. If the govern-
ment has your Visa bill, they can tell whether you drink, whether you smoke, what restaurants you go to, what your reading material is, what magazines or books you read, what doctors you see, what medicines you buy? Do you buy medicine? Do you gamble? All of these things can be de-termined. 
Not only can they determine stuff di-
rectly from your phone bill and di-rectly from your Visa bill, they now have the ability to merge all of this in-formation. Apparently, they have the ability to collect your contact lists, and sometimes they are collecting this in a way that is somewhat nefarious. 
We are supposed to be spying on for-
eigners—foreigners who might attack us. I am all for that. But what happens is there is a lot of data that goes in and out of the country. In fact, sometimes an e-mail from New Jersey to Colorado 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.038 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3115 May 20, 2015 
might go through a server in Brazil. 
Once it gets to a server in Brazil, they can not only look at your metadata— how long and whom you talked to—the 
content is now available. It all gets scooped up. It is all being analyzed. They are doing the social network of who your friends are. Some have said this could potentially have a chilling effect on the First Amendment. 
There was a time in our country not 
too long ago, in the lifetime of most of us, when if you called the NAACP, you might not want your neighbors to know or if you were a member of the NAACP, you might not want your neighbors to know or if you were call-ing the ACLU or a member of the ACLU, you might not want your neigh-bors to know. It can have a chilling ef-fects on your expression of your speech, whom you associate with, and whether you are fearful to have asso-ciation with people because you are fearful that knowledge might be known by the government. 
People say: Well, certainly that 
would never happen. 
During the civil rights era, many of 
the civil rights leaders were spied upon illegally by the government through il-legal wiretaps. 
Many Vietnam war protesters were 
also spied upon illegally by the govern-ment. The reason we have the Fourth Amendment is to have checks and bal-ances. Everything that is great about our country is checks and balances. 
Let’s say we have a rapist or a mur-
derer in Washington, DC, today. Let’s say it is 3:00 in the morning and the po-lice come to the house. They think the rapist or murderer is inside. They do not just break the door down. If there is no commotion, no noise, no immi-nent danger, they stand outside and get on their cell phone and call a judge. Al-most always the judge grants a war-rant. Then the police go in. 
But why do you want that to happen? 
Sometimes people come up to me and they say ‘‘I am a policeman’’ or ‘‘I work for the FBI.’’ Many of my friends are policemen and work for the FBI, and they say ‘‘Don’t you trust us?’’ It is not about the individual. Laws are not about whether we trust one person or your brother is a policeman and your brother would never do anything wrong. It is not about your brother. It is not about your friend. It is about the potential for there to be a rotten apple, someone who would take that power and abuse that power. We have laws not for most of us. It is for the excep-tion. It is for something out of the or-dinary. But it is also to prevent sys-temic bias from entering into the situ-ation. For example, there was a time in the South when it might have been that a White person from the govern-ment might have decided they were going into the home of a Black person just because of racial bias. You get rid of bias by having checks and balances, by always saying you have to ask somebody else for permission. 
When we were leading up to the war 
for our independence in about 1761, I believe, James Otis was arguing before 
the courts. He was arguing against something called the writs of assist-ance. A writ of assistance was a type of warrant, but it was a generalized war-rant. No one’s name was on it; It just said: You are welcome to search any-body’s house to make sure they are paying the stamp tax. 
Do you wonder why the Colonists 
hated the stamp tax? It was not just the tax; it was the fact that the gov-ernment could break the door down, come in, and rifle through their papers. Writs of assistance were something called a general warrant. 
This same battle had gone on in com-
mon law in England and developed as one of our precious rights that we actu-ally kept from the English tradition. 
John Adams wrote about James Otis 
fighting against these general war-rants, and he said it was the spark that led to the American Revolution. That is how important this is. 
The Fourth Amendment was a big 
deal to our Founders. The right to pri-vacy, as Justice Brandeis said, the most cherished of rights, is a big deal. We should not be so fearful that we are willing to relinquish our rights without a spirited debate. 
The debate over the PATRIOT Act, 
which enshrines all of this and got this started, goes on about every 3 years or so. It has a sunset provision. It is set to expire in the next few days. But we are mired in a debate over trade. There is another debate over the highway bill. And the word is that we will not get any time to actually debate whether we are going to abridge the Fourth Amendment, whether we are going to accept something that one of the high-est courts in our land has said is ille-gal. Are we going to accept that with-out any debate? 
I, for one, say there needs to be a 
thorough debate, a thorough and com-plete debate about whether we should allow our government to collect all of our phone records all of the time. 
In England, about the time of James 
Otis, there was another man by the name of John Wilkes. I learned about this story in reading my colleague Sen-ator L
EE’s book recently. John Wilkes 
was a rabble-rouser. He was a dis-senter. Some called him a libertine. I do not know about his morals, but I know he was not afraid of the King. 
The King was becoming more and 
more powerful at that time. That is one of the complaints we had as well. So John Wilkes began his own news-paper. It was called the North Briton, and he labeled it with numbers. The one at the time became the North Brit-on No. 45. It became so famous throughout England that it was also part of our idiom, part of our language in the United States. Everybody knew what 45 was if you mentioned it. But he wrote something about the King. He basically wrote what would be an op-ed in our day. He made the mistake of sort of saying that the King’s behavior or the Prime Minister’s behavior was equivalent to prostitution. That did 
not make the King very happy, so the King wrote out a warrant for the arrest of anybody who had to do with the writing of this North Briton No. 45. But the warrant did not have anybody’s name on it. It was a generalized war-rant. 
He said: Arrest anybody. So they broke down John Wilkes’ 
door. They rifled through and ruined the contents of his house, arrested him, put him in irons, and took him to the Tower of London. They did the same to 49 other people. But John Wilkes was not about to take this lying down, so John Wilkes actually then decided that he would sue the King. 
I tried doing the same thing. I tried 
suing the President, and it has not gone so well. But the thing is that ev-erybody ought to think they have the ability and the equality to sue even their leaders. 
So he sued the King, and something 
remarkable happened. This was in the early the 1760s. When he sued the King, he actually won. I think the award was like 1,000 pounds, which would be a sig-nificant sum of money for us in today’s terms. It was a big victory. It was part of the discussion going on simulta-neously over here with James Otis. It was a big deal. 
So often my party does such a great 
job talking about the Second Amend-ment and the right to bear arms. I am all for that. But the thing is, I do not think you can adequately protect the Second Amendment unless you protect the Fourth Amendment, the right to privacy. Your house is your castle. The right to not have your castle invaded is so important. 
I will give an example. A lot of peo-
ple think we will be safer if we collect gun records. A few years ago, they col-lected all the gun records and they had them in Westchester County, near New York City. A newspaper decided they would publish them. They really did not think this through. But you can see the danger of what happens when the government has records and then releases them to everybody. 
Imagine a woman who has been 
abused or beaten by her husband and has left him. She lives in fear of him finding her. Now the registration comes out and says where she lives and that she has a gun or, worse yet, where she lives and that she does not have a gun. 
Think about prosecutors and our 
judges. I know many of them who put bad people away, and many of them have concealed carry. Many of them travel to work. The security meets them in the parking lot. They go to work, but they worry. We have had sherifs and we have had prosecutors killed in Kentucky because the crimi-nals were angry that they were locked up. 
We do not want all of our records by 
the government to be put out there in public for everybody to know where we live and whether we have a gun. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.039 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3116 May 20, 2015 
You can see the issue of privacy is 
not a small issue. It is a big issue. It was incredibly important to our Founding Fathers. 
Some have said it is too late to even 
get this back. There have been articles written in the last few weeks that say that whether or not the PATRIOT Act expires, the government will just keep on doing what they are doing. In fact, there is a provision in the PATRIOT Act that says any investigation al-ready begun before the deadline can go on in perpetuity. 
The other thing is that there are peo-
ple now writing—John Napier Tye, who was the Internet watchdog for this pro-gram, wrote that he believes that Exec-utive Order 12333 is really allowing all this bulk collection under what the President says are article II authori-ties. 
Article II gives the President and the 
executive branch different powers, but these are not unlimited powers. Some think they are. Some say the President has the absolute power when it comes to war. Article II actually comes after article I. In article I, section 8, the President was told he does not get to initiate war. The most basic of powers with regard to war were not actually given to the President; they were given to Congress. 
What is sad about this, what is going 
on now is that Congress has not shown sufficient interest in what the execu-tive branch does on a host of things, whether it be regulation, whether it be the enormous bureaucracy, but really so much power has shifted and gone from Congress and wound up in the ex-ecutive. 
It is the same way with intelligence. 
We have intelligence committees, but the question is, Are they asking suffi-cient questions? There are some. Sen-ator W
YDEN has been a leader in this. 
He and I have worked together. He really has been the leader because he has been on the Intelligence Com-mittee. He has more information, real-ly, than the rest of us do, but he at times has been hamstrung because once you know information, if it is told to you in a classified setting, you are not allowed to talk about it. Some-times it actually makes sense, if you want to speak out, not to actually learn through the official channels but to read on the Internet because if you learn about it through official chan-nels, you cannot say anything about it even if the government is lying about it. 
We are talking about an enormous 
amount of information. We are talking about all of your phone records all of the time. 
Recently, there were some com-
plaints by people in the newspaper. They said: Well, the government is really only getting one-third of your records; they are not getting enough of your records. Some want them to get more of your records. 
The objective evidence shows, 
though, that we really have never got-ten anyone independently; we have not 
found any terrorist independently of this. But still some people are so fear-ful, they are like: How can we get ter-rorists? We will be overrun with terror-ists, and ISIS will be in every drug-store and in every house in America if we do not get rid of the Constitution, if we do not let the Fourth Amendment lapse, and if we do not just let every-body pass out warrants. 
That is what we do under the PA-
TRIOT Act. The PATRIOT Act allows the police to write their own warrants. This is one of the fundamental separa-tions we did with the Fourth Amend-ment. This was probably the most im-portant thing we did, to separate police power from the judiciary, to have a check and a balance so you would never get systemic bias, so you would never get political or religious or ra-cial bias in your judicial system. We separated these powers. 
We now let the police write their own 
warrants. It is a special form of police. It is the FBI, but they are domestic po-lice. The FBI is allowed to write their own warrants. These are called na-tional security letters. They do not have to be signed by a judge. There is no probable cause. If they come into your house, there is no ability for you to complain. In fact, sometimes they are now coming into our houses with-out us knowing about it. This is called a sneak-and-peek warrant. Like every-thing else, the government says we will be overrun with terrorists if we do not let the government quietly sneak into our house when we are gone and put in listening devices, search through our papers and read all of our stuff while we are gone. 
They do not have to have probable 
cause necessarily for these. It is a lower standard. But we are letting the FBI write this without a judge review-ing it. 
I have a friend who is an FBI agent. 
I play golf with him. He is like: Don’t you trust me? I do trust him. I do not trust everybody. 
Madison said that if government was 
comprised of angels, we would not need restrictions, we would not need laws. Patrick Henry said that the Constitu-tion is about restraining the power of government. It is not about the vast majority of good people who work in government. It is about preventing the bad apple. It is about preventing the one bad person who might get into gov-ernment and decide to abuse the rights of individuals. 
Some say: Well, the NSA has never 
abused anyone’s rights. That may or may not be true. They are giving us the information. We do not get to inde-pendently look at the information. They are telling us. It is the same group who says they were not doing any bulk collection of data at all. But even if we presume they are telling us the truth, it is not really the end of the story because the story should be that we do not want to allow the abuse of power to happen. As the debate unfolded the first time 
for the PATRIOT Act, something oc-curred that happens frequently around here. There is not enough time. Hurry up, hurry up, there is not enough time. It is kind of like the debate right now. 
Unless we insert ourselves at this 
moment, I am not sure we will have any debate on the PATRIOT Act. It has been set to expire for 3 years. We have known it was coming, and the question is, Do we not have enough time because we just don’t care enough? Are we going to relinquish our rights or con-strict our rights to the Bill of Rights, even though we know it is coming up and that we have to do something else that occupies all of our time? 
Senator W
YDEN and I have a series of 
amendments. Our amendments would try to reform some of this. Our amend-ments would say that NSLs, national security letters, cannot just be signed by the police, that they would have to go to a judge. 
People argue: Well, how would we 
catch terrorists? The same way we catch other people who are dangerous, such as murderers and rapists, anybody in our society. In fact, when you look at the criminal process for criminal warrants, warrants are almost never turned down. But just that simple check and balance of having the police call a judge is one of the fundamental aspects of our jurisprudence, and we gave it up so quickly on the heels of 9/ 11 because of the fear. 
The thing is, when the PATRIOT Act 
came forward, most people didn’t even read it. There was a committee bill and this and that and there was a last- minute substitution. It was given hours, and it was simply passed in a spate of fear. 
As we look at what happened at that 
time, I think we now have the ability to look backward and say: Is there an-other way? When we start with the doc-trine that a man’s house or a woman’s house is their castle, it was a very old notion, maybe even dating back to the times of Magna Carta. Our castle and our papers are a little bit different now, and the Supreme Court has not quite caught up to where we are tech-nologically. They are getting there, but this really needs to be debated and discussed at the Supreme Court level because the thing is we don’t keep our papers in our house anymore. In fact, we have gone to such a paperless soci-ety that 90 percent of your paper—or if you are under 30 years old, 100 percent of your paper—is held somewhere else. 
The question we have to ask is: Do 
you retain a privacy interest in your records? When the phone company holds your records, do they have an ob-ligation to keep them private? Do you retain a privacy interest? If the gov-ernment wants the records from the phone company, should they be allowed to write the name Verizon and get all of the records from Verizon? I, frankly, think that if John Smith has his phone service with Verizon and he is a ter-rorist, the warrant should say John 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.041 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3117 May 20, 2015 
Smith and go to Verizon, but it is an 
individualized warrant. I don’t think we should have generalized warrants. 
There are some who want to replace 
the bulk collection of records with a different system where the government doesn’t hold the records, but the phone companies hold the records. I am also concerned about this for one big rea-son: The recent court case has now said the PATRIOT Act does not justify the collection of records, that it is actually illegal. I am concerned that since the court is now saying section 215 doesn’t allow a bulk collection, that in trying to reform this, what is called the USA FREEDOM Act, we will actually be granting new power to section 215 that the court says is not there. The court is saying that it stands logic on its head to say relevance means nothing, that everybody’s records in the whole country could be relevant. 
We have even changed, over time, the 
investigations and whether there is a full-blown investigation at the begin-ning of an investigation. Who gets to decide or define what an investigation is? The bottom line is that we look at this, and as we move forward, we have to decide whether our fear is going to get the better of us. 
Once upon a time, we had a standard 
in our country that was innocent until proven guilty. We have given up on so much. Now people are talking about a standard that is: If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear. Think about it. Is that the standard we are willing to live under? Think about whether you believe you still have a privacy interest in the records that are held by the credit card companies, your bank or the phone company. 
In the PATRIOT Act, they did some-
thing to make it easier to collect records and to override your privacy agreement. If you read the nitty-gritty of any of these agreements that you have when you use a search engine or when you are on the Internet, you do voluntarily say that your information will be shared in an anonymous way, but they promise they will not give your name to somebody. 
The phone company has the same 
sort of privacy agreement, but what has happened through the PATRIOT Act is that we have given them liabil-ity protection. At first blush, you might say we have too many damn law-suits. I am kind of that way. I am a physician. We have way too many law-suits. I am for cutting back on law-suits. But at the same time, if you give the phone, Internet or credit card com-pany immunity to ignore your privacy agreement, they will. 
Instead of the government storing 
billions and billions of records in Utah, the new system is still going to store billions and billions of records in the phone company, but still the question is: Will we access them in a general way? It says we are going to look at a specific person, but if you look at the way ‘‘person’’ is defined, a person could be a corporation. I don’t think you should have a warrant that says 
Verizon and gets all the records for all of their customers. 
The other thing that has been going 
on that they have not been completely honest with, and we may have some data on, is that the government is going inside of the software. They are asking companies such as Facebook or demanding that companies such as Facebook give them access through their source code so the government can get in. Now, to Facebook’s credit, they are fighting them, and I think more companies are now standing up and trying to fight against this. But in a nefarious way, the government is going into the code of Facebook and then inserting malware into other peo-ple’s Facebook and spreading it throughout the Internet. 
The government is also looking at 
communications between two nodes. Let’s say you communicate with Google and it is encrypted, but then when Google has a data center that talks to another data center which is nonencrypted, the government just hooks up to a cable and siphons off records. There is a danger that you will have no privacy left at the end of this. 
The Fourth Amendment is very spe-
cific. The Fourth Amendment says you have to individualize a warrant and put a name on the warrant. You have to say specifically what records you want, you have to say where they are lo-cated, and then you have to ask a judge for permission. 
The sneak-and-peek warrant I was 
talking about before is section 213. It is now permanent law. We don’t even get a chance to talk about it. We could re-peal it, and I will have an amendment to repeal it. This is where the govern-ment goes in secretly and says: Well, we need this lower standard because terrorists will get us if we don’t. Well, we have now had it on the books for a decade and do you know who they are getting? Drug people—people who are buying, selling or using drugs. That is a domestic problem, which also leads me to something else about the PA-TRIOT Act that really bothers me. 
When we first started talking about 
the standards of the PATRIOT Act and going from probable cause, which is what the Constitution has, to articulable suspicion, down to rel-evance, we said: Well, we are going to lower standards because we are going after foreigners. They are not Ameri-cans and they are not here. We are going to lower the standard, and really there could be some debate in favor of that. 
When we first did it, we said we could 
not use that information for a domes-tic crime. I will give an example. I asked one of the intelligence folks at one time to answer a question and was dissatisfied with the response. Let’s say the government comes in through a sneak-and-peek warrant. They don’t tell you that they are in your house. Guess what. They find out you are not a terrorist, but you have paint in your house which you bought through your 
office business expense, and you are painting your house, which is a tax vio-lation. It is a domestic crime, but they got into your house through false pre-tenses. They said you were a terrorist, but they were wrong. However, they found out you were not being perfectly honest with your taxes. They have got-ten in through a lower standard. 
Ultimately, if we let them collect all 
of your records and we let a domestic crime be prosecuted by this, we could have the government sifting through your credit card records because they say the Fourth Amendment doesn’t protect records, including your phone records—not the content, just all of this data. After they put it together and mesh it, they decide, by looking at your digital footprint, that maybe you are somebody who runs traffic lights. 
Now we are taking something that 
was intended to capture foreigners and we will capture people domestically and prosecute them for domestic crimes, the specific thing they prom-ised us they would never do. So things morph and get bigger and bigger. 
We could have a valid debate about 
whether we have gone too far, but we should at least have a debate. Shouldn’t we get together and say: Let’s have a debate. Let’s devote all week to this. 
For a while, I have asked to have a 
full day and have five or six amend-ments that Senator W
YDEN and I could 
put forward and have a full-fledged de-bate over whether the bulk collection of our records is something we should continue to do. 
I think if you look at this and say: 
Where are the American people on this, well, there has been poll after poll. Well over half the people—maybe well over 60 percent of the people—think the government has gone too far. But if you want an example of why the Sen-ate or Congress doesn’t represent the people very well or why we are maybe a decade behind, I would bet that 20 percent of the people here would vote to just stop this—to truly just stop it— at the most; whereas, 60 to 70 percent of the public would stop these things. 
You are not well represented. What 
has happened is that I think the Con-gress is maybe a decade behind the peo-ple. I think this is an argument for why we should limit terms. I think it is an argument for why we should have more turnover in office because we get up here and stay too long and get sepa-rated from the people. The people don’t want the bulk collection of their records, and if we were listening, we would hear that. 
The vote in the House, while I don’t 
think the bill is perfect, and I think it may well continue bulk collection, was over 300 votes to end this program and to say we are no longer going to have bulk collection. Yet it looks like the majority in this body says we still need bulk collection. In fact, the biggest complaint from the majority of this body is that we are not collecting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.042 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3118 May 20, 2015 
enough records and that we need to 
collect more records. 
Can we have security and liberty at 
the same time? 
I had breakfast with a high-ranking 
official from our intelligence commu-nity maybe 6 months ago, and I asked him: How much information do you get from metadata and how much do you end up getting from a warrant? He said, without question, you get more from a warrant. People talk about whether we can go one hop or two hops. That means if you are suspected of ter-rorism and you called 100 people—if we look at your records, that is one hop. If we look at the next 100 records, that is a second hop. As you go in, this pyr-amid gets bigger and bigger until you are talking about tens of thousands of people. 
As you get further and further away 
from the suspect, I see no reason you couldn’t keep getting warrants. If they say that warrants are slow and labo-rious and there is not a judge, put more judges on the court. If they say they need them at 3 in the morning, put the judges on 24-hour alert and you can call them at 3 in the morning. We call judges for a warrant in the middle of the night all across America. I see no reason why you can’t have security and the Constitution at the same time. 
The President instituted the Privacy 
and Civil Rights Board. They went through a lot of this, and some of the things they came up with, I think, were truly astounding. The amount of information, I think, is mindboggling— of what is being sucked up in this. There is something called section 702 of FISA, and this has allowed them to collect information on Americans who might have been communicating with a foreigner. You say: Well, that Amer-ican is probably suspicious. Well, it goes out in ripples and it becomes this enormous amount of—cache of infor-mation. 
When they looked at some of this re-
cently—the Washington Post looked at this—they found that 9 of 10 inter-cepted conversations were not the in-tended target. So I think there was one estimate that in the last year we had 89,000 targets. If you multiply that and say it is only one-tenth of what we ac-tually take, you are now looking at 900,000 records of people who had noth-ing to do with terrorism. They didn’t even really talk to the person. They in-cidentally talked to a person who talked to the person. It could be the terrorist called Papa John’s and you called Papa John’s, so now you are in the same phone tree network. That can ripple out in waves. That information should not be collected, it should not be put in a database, and it should not be stored. Ultimately, we are col-lecting so much information that it is all of your information. 
One thing that should concern us 
about simply going from a system where the government collects all of these records and stores them in Utah to one where the phone company does it—actually some people in the NSA 
are acquiescing and saying it is not so bad. That concerns me that the NSA is 
saying ‘‘not so bad.’’ It concerns me that we are still going to have bulk collection. 
The debate we really need to have is 
whether, if someone else is holding your records, if you still have any kind of privacy interest in your records. I personally think your phone records are still partially yours, in a way, or that you have a privacy interest in them. This is going to become very im-portant because your records ulti-mately—there probably will not even be any records in your house, they will be on your phone, and then your phone records are connected to the company. Who owns them? Do you have a right to privacy in those records? I think you can have security and freedom at the same time, but I think if we are not careful, this is going to get away from us. 
When they found out that 9 out of 10 
intercepts were actually not the in-tended target, just ancillary informa-tion they picked up, they also found that 50 percent contained email ad-dresses that were U.S. citizens. So let’s say you collect a million pieces of in-formation and you are just gathering this up and you are intending to go after foreign targets who might be ter-rorists, but over half of this informa-tion, much of it incidentally gained, is actually U.S. citizens. So this is sort of an end run—they call it backdoor searches—but it is sort of an end run that has gone around the Constitution, gone around the Fourth Amendment, to collect information that we have ac-tually said should be illegal to be col-lected that way, but we are doing it be-cause we have done an end run around. 
Also realize you can send an email 
from Virginia to South Carolina and it might go over a server in Brazil. If your email goes over a foreign server, all of a sudden, boom, everything is done. The Constitution is out the door. They can collect that, even the con-tent. It is never revealed to you; noth-ing is ever presented to you. It is all done within the executive branch, with no advocate on your side. 
There are several programs that 
came out through this that are being collected. It is not just the bulk collec-tion. There is a program called PRISM that has been out there for a while and there is another one called Upstream. In PRISM, it is a surveillance program that collects Internet communications of foreign nationals from at least nine major Internet companies. 
I think this wouldn’t have happened 
if the Internet companies were not given liability protection. I think what would have happened is they would have said we are violating our obliga-tion to our customers and we are going to fight against this. But the PATRIOT Act even made it worse. The PATRIOT Act made it a crime to reveal that you had been served with a warrant. So we have gone way beyond any typical con-stitutional mechanisms. In the Upstream Program, a similar 
thing happened, but this is when the data is collected as it moves across U.S. junctions. The problem is not so much going after foreign communica-tions but going after incidental and collecting incidental communications that involve American citizens. 
John Napier Tye was a section chief 
for Internet freedom in the State De-partment’s Bureau of Democracy. He was going to give a speech—and I think 
this is very telling. This is reported in the Washington Post. He had written out his speech and he sent it for re-view. In his speech, he said: If U.S. citi-zens disagree with congressional and executive determinations about the proper scope of intelligence activities, they have the opportunity to change policy through democratic process. 
And we think, Who could object to 
that? What would his censors say? How could he possibly say we don’t have the right through democratic process to change policies? They had him strike ‘‘through intelligence processes’’ be-cause I guess they apparently think we don’t have the democratic ability to change these things. The sad truth is it may be true because a lot of this is being done by Executive order. 
Executive Order No. 12333 has no con-
gressional oversight. In fact, the ques-tion was asked recently of one of the Senate leaders, Will you investigate this? Now, there may well be a secret investigation going on, but there was some indication it was really outside of our purview. 
I don’t think anything the executive 
branch does should be outside of our purview. The whole idea of having co-equal branches was to have checks and balances. One of the biggest problems I find in Washington is that sometimes the opposition party—if we have a Democratic President and a Republican Congress, you will get a little bit of ad-versity and a little bit of pitting ambi-tion against ambition and check and balance. But the party that is the same party as the President just doesn’t tend to push back, probably for par-tisan reasons. Now, it is not just the other party; it happens when Repub-licans are in power also. What happens is the political party that is the same power as the President tends to sort of be open to letting things move on, just letting the President accumulate more power. But I think this should be tell-ing that when he said we could change things through democratic action, President Obama’s White House Coun-sel told him that, no, that wasn’t true. He was instructed to amend the line and make a general reference to our laws and policies but to leave out intel-ligence policies as if we don’t really get a say in what they do as far as what in-formation they collect on us. 
John Napier Tye goes on to warn us. 
He says: Unlike section 215, Executive Order No. 12333 authorizes collection of the content of communications, not just metadata, even for U.S. citizens. 
So quite often we are told—we were 
told for years—don’t worry, they are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.043 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3119 May 20, 2015 
not collecting your data; they are just 
collecting the data of foreigners. It turns out that wasn’t true. 
Now, the big thing they tell us is, 
Well, we are not collecting the content, we are just collecting the numbers. But when we read John Napier Tye, he says the Executive order authorizes collec-tion of the content of the communica-tions also, not just metadata, and also for U.S. persons. 
So the question is, If we get rid of 
bulk collection, will the Executive con-tinue to do it anyway? 
The other question is, Why doesn’t 
the Executive stop this? It was started by Executive action and can be ended by Executive action at any time. Where is the Executive? How come the press gives him a free pass just to say Congress needs to fix this? Sure, I messed it up, I broke it; I am doing something that the second appeals court said is illegal, and I am going to keep on doing it until Congress does something. Why don’t we see any ques-tions from the press? Why don’t we see anybody from the media saying, Mr. President, it is illegal. You started it. You were performing a program that is collecting all of the phone records from all Americans. It has been declared il-legal from the second highest court in the land. Why don’t you stop? I have not ever heard the question asked of him. 
With the Executive order, apparently 
because this, they say, is article II, and then article II to them means they can do whatever they want without any oversight by Congress, the conclusion by John Napier Tye is that there is nothing to prevent the NSA from col-lecting and storing all communica-tions. This concerns me. 
The President instituted or brought 
together a group called the Review Group on Intelligence and Communica-tion Technologies. In it, they came for-ward with some recommendations. Recommendation No. 12 was that all of this data—all of this incidental data that is becoming part of these data-bases that is collected under these au-thorities—the Executive order—should be immediately purged unless there is a foreign intelligence component to it. The Review Group further rec-ommended that a U.S. person’s inciden-tally collected data should never be used in a criminal proceeding against that person. 
So now we are back to what I was 
talking about earlier. If you are going to go away from the Constitution, if you are going to say to catch bad guys we can’t really have the Constitution, we are going to have to have a bar that is a lot easier to cross that allows us to do kind of what we want, wouldn’t you want to exclude American citizens from being convicted or put in jail for a crime under a lower standard? It is kind of like this: The question is, If the government can come in without a valid search warrant, without announc-ing they are in your house, collect all 
of your data, would you want them to have hours and hours in your house without any probable cause and then start arresting you for this? There are rumors we are doing this. 
There are rumors that intelligence warrants, which are nonconstitutional, which are a lower standard, are being used to get regular criminals. What they do is collect information through data, metadata analysis, all of this, 
they get enough to be convinced that you are a drug dealer, and then they arrest you by getting a traditional warrant, but they are using informa-tion they got illegally to get to you. 
Section 213, this whole sneak-and- 
peak, where they go in without an-nouncing that they have been in your house, 99.5 percent of the people ar-rested are actually people who com-mitted a domestic crime. They are not terrorists. So we are told you have to have a PATRIOT Act to get terrorists. Yet what we really find is that they are using it in a way that is not honest. They are using a lower standard—a standard less than the Constitution— and they are using that standard then to arrest people for basic domestic crime. 
The President’s Review Commission 
in recommendation No. 12 rec-ommended that this incidentally col-lected data not be used criminally against anybody. They gave their rec-ommendations to the White House. The White House stated that the adoption of these recommendations they re-quested would require significant changes and indicated it had no plans to make any changes. So the Presi-dent’s own review commission says there is great danger in using a lower, less-than-constitutional standard to collect great amounts of information that can be searched. There is great danger to privacy. There is also great danger to using information collected outside of the Constitution. There is great danger in then using that for do-mestic prosecution, and the President said he has no intention of any changes. 
When I think of this President, it is 
probably what disappoints me most. There were fleeting times when this President was in the U.S. Senate that he stood up for the Constitution. In fact, there is a quote from the Presi-dent when he was running for office— there are many quotes—but there was one quote saying that the warrants that are issued by police—national se-curity letters—should be signed by a judge. The very amendment that I will try to get a vote on he seemed to have supported, but now his administration is issuing hundreds of thousands—it starts out with a few, then 47, then a couple hundred, and now it is in the thousands. Any time you give power to government, they love it and they will accumulate more. Any time you give power to government and expect them to live within the confines of the power, they will not live within the confines of power unless you watch them like a hawk. You have to watch them. You have to have oversight. 
We are at a point now where we have 
enormous bulk collection, enormous collection of American citizens’ data; one program we know almost nothing about. Yet it goes on with no debate. 
The Executive order from 1981 has been transformed into a monster with tenta-cles that reach into every home in our country. The collection of records that is going on is beyond your imagination, and we need to know about it. There needs to be a public debate. It has be-come even more pressing that we have this public debate because the problem is that we have the President and we have the Congress and we have the in-telligence community not being honest with us. So the fact that the Director of National Intelligence would come to Congress and lie and say they are not collecting this information, and then when they do admit to it say: Oh, by the way, it is working really well. We are capturing all kinds of terrorists— but they hold all the information, and we rely on them to be honest and to present truthful information to us. This is a big problem. 
Currently, the courts haven’t 
brought their rulings up to date. The debate has been going on for a long time. In 1928 there was the Olmstead case. The Olmstead case went against those of us who believe in privacy. I be-lieve that case still lingers on, even though it has been reversed. 
In the Olmstead case, Ray Olmstead 
was a bootlegger, and the government decided to eavesdrop on his conversa-tions, but they didn’t have a warrant. They could have gotten a warrant. Who knows why they didn’t get the warrant, but they didn’t get a warrant. But the Court ended up ruling that phone con-versations were not protected by the Fourth Amendment. This was a sad day in our history when this happened in 1928. 
The dissent in that case was Justice 
Brandeis. As so often occurs in our his-tory, sometimes the dissent becomes the majority opinion and becomes pro-found because it was there at the time. 
Harlan’s opinion, the dissent in 
Plessy v. Ferguson, is what everybody 
refers to. Nobody refers to the majority in saying that separate is equal. They were wrong—the same as in the Olmstead case. People remember Jus-tice Brandeis. It is probably one of the most famous quotes in jurisprudence: ‘‘The right to be let alone is the most cherished of rights.’’ It is ‘‘the [right] most valued among civilized men.’’ 
We have this debate still sometimes, 
though, because some conservatives say: There is no right to privacy. I don’t see it in the Constitution. And conservatives who argue that there is no right to privacy aren’t remembering the 9th and 10th Amendments very well, particularly the 9th Amendment. 
The Ninth Amendment says that all 
the rights aren’t listed, but those that aren’t listed are not to be disparaged. Even our Founding Fathers worried about this. Our Founding Fathers came forward and they at first thought we would just do the Constitution without the Bill of Rights. Some of them wor-ried. They said: If we do the Bill of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.044 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3120 May 20, 2015 
Rights, people will think that is all we 
have. If we list ten different amend-ments, they will think that is all of our rights. So they finally convinced every-body to go along with it by saying: We will put in the 9th and 10th amend-ment, with the 10th Amendment lim-iting the powers, saying only the pow-ers enumerated are given to the Fed-eral Government and everything else is left to the States and the people, re-spectively. But the Ninth Amendment, which is in many ways sort of the step-child of our amendments, hasn’t been adequately, I think, adhered to or rec-ognized. It says that those rights not listed are not to be disparaged. 
Sometimes we have this discussion 
because some people say it has to be enumerated. I agree completely if we are talking that the powers given to government should be enumerated. They are few—few and limited, the powers given to the government. But it is the opposite with your rights. Your rights are many and infinite. Your rights are unenumerated, and you do have a right to privacy. So while the word ‘‘privacy’’ is not in the Constitu-tion, in the Fourth Amendment, though, they do talk a lot about your privacy. It is about your home, that your home is your castle. 
The exact words of the Fourth 
Amendment are: 
The right of the people to be secure in 
their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly de-scribing the place to be searched, and the persons and things to be seized. 
The reason why we should worry 
about whether a warrant is individual-ized is we have had some tragic times in our history. During World War II we didn’t individualize the arrests of Japa-nese Americans. We didn’t say: That is so-and-so who lives in California, and we think they are communicating with Japan and telling our secrets. We indis-criminately rounded up all of the Japa-nese and incarcerated them. 
There have been times in our history 
when we haven’t acted in an individ-ualized manner. It happened through-out the South in the old Jim Crow South. We told people that we were going to relegate them to a certain sta-tus based on a general category. 
So when we talk about individ-
ualizing warrants, we are talking about trying to prevent bias from occurring. Now, bias can occur for a lot of dif-ferent reasons. I tell people that you can be a minority because of the color of your skin or the shade of your ide-ology. You can be a minority because of your religion. You can be a minority because you are home-schooled. But the thing is, if you are a minority, if you are a dissenter, if you dissent from the majority, you need to be very, very aware of your constitutional rights. Be very, very aware of the Bill of Rights. 
The Bill of Rights isn’t so much for 
the prom queen. The Bill of Rights isn’t so much for the high school quar-
terback. Many people in life always seem to be treated fairly. The Bill of Rights is for those who are less fortu-nate, for those who might be a minor-ity of thought, deed or race. We have to be concerned about the individualiza-tion of our policies or we run the risk and the danger of people being treated in categories. 
Right now we are treating every 
American in one category. There is a general veil of suspicion that is placed on every American now. Every Amer-ican is somehow said to be under sus-picion, because we are collecting the records of every American. 
We talk about metadata and whether 
or how much it means or what the gov-ernment thinks it can determine from metadata. There are some people who say: Don’t worry. It is just your phone logs. It is no big deal. It is just boring old business records. We should be a little bit concerned by the words of one former intelligence officer who said, that ‘‘we kill people based on metadata.’’ He wasn’t referring to Americans. He was talking about ter-rorists. But we should be concerned that they are so confident of metadata that they would kill someone. 
Instead of our believing that 
metadata is no big deal and it just should be public information and any-body can have it, realize that your gov-ernment is so certain of metadata that they would kill an individual over it. That seems to me to make the point that metadata is incredibly important, if we would make a decision to kill someone based on their metadata. 
The Electronic Frontier Foundation 
has done a lot of work for privacy and deserves a lot of credit. Mark Jaycox writes in an issue from last year that ‘‘it is likely that the NSA conducts much more of its spying power under the President’s claimed ‘inherent’ pow-ers and only governed by a document originally approved by Executive order.’’ 
So while we are superficially having 
a debate over the bulk collection of records that some claim are authorized under the PATRIOT Act, section 215, there is a whole other section that some privacy advocates are worried about that is even bigger. 
I had a meeting recently with one of 
the founders of one of the huge social communication companies, and he told me that he thinks we are missing some of the debate here, because he says ev-erybody is talking about bulk collec-tion of your phone records. He is con-vinced that there is ever so much more being collected through backdoor chan-nels. These backdoor channels can occur in two ways. They can occur one way by going and looking at foreigners’ information and then coming through the backdoor back into our country and looking at Americans’ informa-tion. That American’s information has tentacles and spreads and it becomes this enormous grouping of incidental information. In fact, some have said 9 out of 10 pieces of data pulled in aren’t 
about terrorists; they are just inci-dental stuff. 
What the President’s review commis-
sion says is we should delete that once we find it is not relevant to an inves-tigation. The amazing thing to me is that even people who support the PA-TRIOT Act—and I don’t; I think the PATRIOT Act lowers the constitu-tional standards and risks all freedom and our liberty. But even for those who think the PATRIOT Act is fine, they said that the PATRIOT Act never was intended to do this. 
So if you want to ask yourself is the 
government overstepping, even the au-thors of the PATRIOT Act are now telling us that the overstepping is to such a degree that they think the PA-TRIOT Act doesn’t justify it. 
In fact, that is really what the court 
ruled recently. I had hoped the court would rule that the bulk collection— the grabbing up of all your records— was unconstitutional, but they actu-ally simply ruled that the PATRIOT Act does not sanction it. The PATRIOT Act does not give authority to the gov-ernment to do this. It is a pretty amaz-ing sort of set of circumstances—that the government has taken something that was intended in one way, com-pletely transformed it, and then when they are rebuked by the court, they are not chastened at all. 
I wonder why no one has had the guts 
or the wherewithal to ask the Presi-dent why he doesn’t stop this now. The President could today listen to this speech on the floor of the Senate, and he could change his mind. He could, this afternoon, with his pen—he says he has his pen and his cell phone—he can immediately stop the bulk collec-tion of data. In fact, all of the alter-natives he could continue and he could probably do now. He could also say he is going to collect the data with a war-rant. He has all of that power. 
Someone should ask the President: 
Mr. President, why do you keep doing something the court has said is illegal? Why do you continue doing this, and why won’t you stop? And how could we possibly think that it is a responsible answer to say: Oh, I will stop when they make me. His own privacy com-mission says that what he is doing is illegal and should stop. 
One of the things that people are 
worried about is that the government is forcing its way into the code source of different Facebook, Google, and dif-ferent Internet companies. There are a couple of things that are occurring be-cause of this. If you live in Europe, if you are Angela Merkel or if you are anybody in Europe, you might not want American stuff anymore. 
There are already rumors in discus-
sion that billions of dollars—there has been some estimating of over $100 bil-lion—have been lost to where we have been a dynamic leader in software, in hardware, in the Internet. People don’t want our stuff because they don’t trust us anymore. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.046 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3121 May 20, 2015 
One of the reasons they don’t trust us 
is this. We have a group called the Tai-lored Access Operations that targets system administrators and installs malware while masquerading as Facebook servers. That is a little scary—that if you go on Facebook, somehow malware is getting into your computer and then searching and al-lowing them to know everything you are doing on your computer. If you have a warrant, to my mind you can do a host of these things, but do it to someone you have suspicion of. 
I think we have made the haystack 
so big that no one is ever getting through the haystack to find the nee-dle. What we really need to do is iso-late the haystack into a group of sus-picious people and spend enormous re-sources looking at suspicious people— people for whom we have probable cause. If you think of almost every in-stance—I mean, go back to 9/11. You will have people come forward with a ridiculous assumption that if we had the PATRIOT Act, we wouldn’t have had 9/11. We would have caught those two terrorists in San Diego. And I am like, you mean the two terrorists that were living with a confidential inform-ant for a year? 
We knew who these people were. 
These people were talking to each other. It wasn’t a lack of gathering in-formation. All of these incidentals and all of this grabbing up of bulk records isn’t what we needed. We needed the CIA to call the FBI. We needed further that FBI call Washington and for some-body to listen to them. 
The 20th hijacker, a guy named 
Moussaoui, was captured a month in advance. We got him in Minnesota. We got his computer. He was captured be-cause people said—he was from a for-eign country, and he was attempting to learn to take off planes but not land them. The FBI agent there ought to be given a Medal of Honor. Instead of giv-ing the Medal of Honor to the head of the FBI, we should have fired the head of the FBI and this FBI agent should have been made the head of the FBI. He wrote 70 letters to his superiors. He caught the 20th hijacker. He should be a well-known name to every American and a hero. He caught the 20th hi-jacker. He saved lives. But his superior got 70 letters and did squat. I have no idea what happened to his superior, but nobody was fired for 9/11. Instead of fir-ing the people who did not do a good job, we gave them medals. The guy who did a good job, I don’t know what hap-pened to him. 
(Mr. SCOTT assumed the Chair.) 
What we did is we decided we would 
just collect everybody’s information, that we would sort of scrap the Bill of Rights. 
I have met a lot of our wounded sol-
diers. I have met young men who have lost two, three arms, two, three limbs, sometimes four limbs. I have met peo-ple who are paralyzed. And to a person, when I ask them ‘‘What were you fight-ing for?’’ they tell me ‘‘The Constitu-tion.’’ They tell me ‘‘Our way of life’’ 
or ‘‘Our Bill of Rights.’’ Don’t you think they would be disappointed to find out that they went over there and they risked life and limb and gave up part of their bodies and they came home, and while they were gone we gutted the Bill of Rights? 
Not only did we get it—we can have 
a difference of opinion on this, but not only did we gut it, we don’t have time to debate it. We just willy-nilly say: That is fine. We are not even going to have time to debate it. We have known for 3 years that this debate was coming up. Yet, we squashed a bunch of bills in the last week, and we have no time for debate, no time for amendments, no time to discuss whether we are willing to trade our liberty for security. 
Franklin said that those who trade 
their liberty for security may wind up with neither. 
This is a very important debate that 
we need to have in the public, in the open. We worry about—or some of us worry that just in discussion of bulk records, we may not get to other pro-grams the government just simply will not tell us about. A lot of them are written about, though. 
In another episode of the Electronic 
Frontier Foundation’s newsletter, they talk about a program called Muscular. Muscular is a program that is siphon-ing off the data between different data centers. Yahoo and Google sometimes have—at least did have communication between them that was not encrypted. Your information was encrypted going to the data center, but then between data centers, it was not encrypted, and the government is simply siphoning all this off through Executive order. I do not whether it is foreign. I do not know whether there is incidental American. I do not know what is being collected. We have no oversight, no ability to vote on whether we continue this pro-gram or discontinue this program. The companies are sometimes not notified of the warrants or if they are notified of the warrants are told they cannot talk about them; they are gagged. This is the kind of stuff we need to have in the open. 
Some of the information people are 
talking about that the NSA collects on Americans is contacts from your ad-dress book, buddy lists, calling records, phone records, emails, and then they put it all into a data—I think the pro-gram is called SNAC. They put it all into this data program, and they de-velop a network of who you are and who your friends are through all of the interconnection of all of your contacts and friends. 
If you ask them ‘‘Is any of this pro-
tected by the Fourth Amendment,’’ the answer you will get is ‘‘The Fourth Amendment does not protect third- party records.’’ So, really, we are going to have this go to the Supreme Court. 
I said earlier that in the Olmstead 
case in 1928, Justice Brandeis was in the dissent. The vote was 6 to 3, I be-lieve. The Court ruled that phone con-versations have no protection. So we 
started out with a bad history. The phone was just coming around and be-coming commonplace. The Supreme Court said: Your conversations do not have any protection. 
This went on for 40-some-odd years 
until we hit the late 1960s—I think 1968—and the Katz case. Then they say there is an expectation of privacy. So that was a big blow for those of us who believe in privacy, that we finally de-cided your phone conversations are pri-vate and that you have an expectation of privacy and that it should take a warrant with your name on it, individ-ualized, with probable cause. 
But we go another dozen years, 10, 12 
years, and we get another court case called Maryland v. Smith. Here, though, the Court ruled that your con-versation are protected from the gov-ernment, that the government has to have a valid warrant, but they end up saying that your records don’t and that the government is allowed to eavesdrop and pick up and accumulate records about your phone calls without a war-rant. I think that was a big mistake. 
The case in Maryland v. Smith, 
though, is one sort of petty criminal and a few records over a few-day pe-riod. The question that I would like to see before the Supreme Court would be, is that equivalent to all Americans’ phone records all the time? There was at least some kind of investigation going on of this person. They did not do it the right way. I think they should have gotten a warrant. 
But in this case, what the govern-
ment is arguing is that every one of you is somehow relevant to an inves-tigation for terrorism. That is absurd. 
Finally, we get to the appellate court 
last week, and the appellate court says that. They say that, frankly, it is ab-surd to say that everybody in America is relevant to an investigation. Not only is it absurd, not only is it trifling with your privacy and your right to be left alone, but it takes our eye off the prize. 
Why do you think it is that there are 
not enough human analysts to know that Tsarnaev, the Boston Bomber, was plotting to bomb the Boston Mara-thon? Why did we not know he got on a plane to go to Chechnya? One of the things that we were told at least in the newspaper was that he had an alternate spelling of his name. So we have been 15 years and we cannot figure out that sometimes these names are spelled a little differently and we did not know he flew back and was radicalized in an-other country. 
I am for spending more money and 
more time on analysts to investigate and look at the data connected to peo-ple of suspicion. But I do not want to spend a penny on collecting all of the information from all of the innocent Americans and giving up who we are in the process. We have to fight against terrorism. We have to protect our-selves. But if we give up who we are in the process, has it been worth it? Are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.047 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3122 May 20, 2015 
you really willing to give up your lib-
erty for security? What if the security you are getting is not even real? They said the 52 people who were caught through the bulk collection program— the President’s own privacy group in-vestigated and said not one person was captured. There is a possibility of one, but they already had information on him from some other source. 
Under the Executive order, we are 
still not talking about the PATRIOT Act, we are talking about something that nobody knows much about at all. No common Member has been, to my knowledge, informed of what is going 
on in this program; none of those not on the Intelligence Committee. 
But they have something with this 
information called the special proce-dures governing communications metadata analysis. This is allowing the NSA to use your metadata—phone records, et cetera, who you call, how long you speak—under the PATRIOT Act and section 702 to create social networks of Americans. So not only are we collecting your data because the government says—and realize this; many of your elected officials are say-ing this: that you have no right to pri-vacy and the Constitution does not protect your records. They are col-lecting all of your records, some of it incidental, but they are creating these enormous databanks, but then they are connecting metadata to other metadata to create social networks of who you are. 
You should be alarmed. We should be 
in open rebellion saying: Enough is enough. We are not going to take it anymore. We should be in rebellion saying to our government that the Constitution that protects our free-doms must be obeyed. Where is the out-rage? 
I tend to think young people get it. 
Young people—you see them—their lives revolve around their cell phone. They realize that if I want to know about their lives, if I collect the data from their phones—not the content of their phone calls but the data from their phones—that I can know vir-tually everything about them. Do we want to live in a world where the gov-ernment knows everything about us? Do we want to live in a world where the government has us under constant surveillance? 
They will say: We are not looking at 
it; we are just keeping it in case we want to look at it. The danger is too great to let the government collect your information. 
I think there is a valid question as to 
whether simply the collecting of your information is something that goes against the Constitution. 
One of the other areas where we are 
seeing collection of data—I mean, it would just boggle your mind. We are not just talking about one program; we are talking about dozens of programs the government has instituted to look at your stuff. 
There is another group called EPIC, 
the Electronic Privacy Information Center. They talk about suspicious ac-
tivity reports. Those are reports your bank has to file whenever you deal in cash at the bank. There are certain dollar limits. They think, well, gosh, someone is probably a bad person if they are putting $9,500 in cash in the bank. Well, it turns out that a lot of honest, law-abiding people do that. 
Not too long ago, there was a Korean 
husband and wife. They owned a gro-cery store. They dealt with a lot of cash. They were very successful. Three times a day, they deposited over $9,000, $8 to $10,000. They tried to stay under $10,000 because there were all kinds of extra paperwork if you were over $10,000. So what the government said is, you are structuring your deposits to evade people. You must be guilty of something. 
The government then can accuse peo-
ple of a crime and take their stuff. There is something called civil asset forfeiture. It does not require that you be convicted, does not even require that you be accused of something. 
There was a story not too long ago in 
Philadelphia—Christos Sourovelis. The teenager was selling drugs out of the back of the parents’ house. So they caught the kid and they were pun-ishing him, but they decided they would punish the parents, too. They confiscated the parents’ house and evicted the family. So the teenager makes a mistake by selling drugs, and what does the government do? They take the parents’ house. So you think that is going to help the kid or help anything get better in this situation by taking the house? But here is the rub: The kid did not even have to be con-victed of anything. The kid did not own the house; he was just their kid. 
If we allow all kinds of data to be out 
there to catch people and then we are not even going to require that you are convicted of a crime before we take your stuff—you can see the danger of allowing so much data to be collected. But we are currently convicting and taking people’s stuff or their money simply based on what they are using it for. 
The Washington Post did a series of 
articles on this. Turns out that most people having their stuff taken are poor, often African American, often Hispanic, but for the most part poor. One guy was here in Washington and had $10,000. He was going to buy equip-ment, such as a refrigerator or a com-mercial oven or something, for his res-taurant. They just stopped him and took his money. It took him years to get it back. He only got it back be-cause the Institute for Justice defended him in getting it back. But it turns justice on its head because he was basi-cally considered to be guilty until he could prove himself innocent. 
Realize, then, that people like this 
are sometimes being picked up because of something called suspicious activity reports. Suspicious activity reports make your bank into a policeman or policewoman. When you deposit things, they are obligated to report you to the 
government. Does it sound something like ‘‘1984’’? Does it sound like you have informants out there every-where—see something, say something; that your banker is going to call the government if you put cash into the bank? 
The burden should always be on the 
government to prove you are guilty of something. You should never be con-victed and you should never be pun-ished without there first being a trial, without there first being evidence, without there first being a trial with a 
lawyer, with a verdict. 
Some of this has gone into the war 
on drugs. The war on drugs has a lot of problems. But part of it has been the abuse of our civil liberties. Also, part of the war on drugs is that there has been a disparate racial outcome. What do I mean by that? There have been in-stances where—if you look at the sta-tistics, three out of four people in pris-on are Black or Brown and are there for nonviolent drug use. But if you 
look at the surveys and you ask your-selves: Are White kids using drugs the same as Black kids, it is equal. White kids are 80 percent of the public. How do we get the reverse for 80 percent of the population in jail is Black and Brown? It is a problem. If we can’t fig-ure it out, you are going to have to continue to realize why people are un-happy. 
If you want to know why there is un-
happiness in some of our cities, you should read The New Yorker. About 3 or 4 months ago they did a story about Kalief Browder. Kalief Browder was a 16-year-old Black kid from the Bronx. He lives in a poor situation. His family had no money, and he had been in trou-ble before. 
But he was arrested, and he was sent 
to Rikers Island—16 years old, ar-rested, sent to Rikers Island. His bail was $3,000. His family couldn’t come up with $3,000. He was kept for 3 years without a trial. At least some of it was in solitary confinement. 
He tried to commit suicide. Can you 
imagine how he must feel? Can you imagine how his parents must feel? Can you imagine how his friends feel, the kids he went to high school with. Do you think they think justice is occur-ring in our country? 
We have to be careful we don’t let 
slip away who we are in the process of all of this fight against terrorism, all of this fight against drugs, because what happens is people take things that are bad. Terrorism is bad, drugs are bad. But we take this fight about something that is bad, we forget about the process of law, we forget about the rule of law, and we forget who we are in the process. 
But if you want to know why people 
are unhappy in some of our big cities, you want to see that unhappiness in the street, it is because some people don’t think they are getting justice. I, frankly, agree with them. I think there isn’t justice in our country when this occurs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.049 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3123 May 20, 2015 
Originally, we had the Constitution. 
Then after 9/11 we got the PATRIOT Act. The biggest change between the Constitution, which provided protec-tion for us from people, bad people, for 200 years or more—the biggest dif-ference is we changed the standard on how we would arrest people or how we would give out warrants. 
I remember having this debate about 
3 years ago when we talked about the PATRIOT Act. I was walking along talking to another Senator, and he was alarmed that the PATRIOT Act would expire at midnight. What would we do? 
And I was like: Couldn’t we, for just 
a couple of hours, you know, live under the Constitution? 
I mean we did for 200 years, for good-
ness’ sake. We have all kinds of tools. There is almost no judge in the land that is going to turn down a warrant. The FISA warrants, the ones they give for security, 99.9 percent of them are approved. 
Couldn’t we give out warrants? They 
said it takes too long. Computers work in the blink of an eye. In the blink of an eye, if John Smith is thought to be a terrorist and he called 100 people, in the blink of an eye, I can look at the 100 on the list and I can say: What is the evidence that some on the list look suspicious or any of them from a for-eign country or any of them on another list from somebody calling from a for-eign country. 
There are ways to look at this where 
we would simply then get a warrant for the next hop and the next hop and the next hop. There is no reason we can’t catch terrorists the same way we catch other bad people in society by using the Constitution. 
Initially, the government had to 
show evidence that you were an agent of a foreign power, but this is no longer true. Now all you have to do is make a broad assertion that the arrest is re-lated to an ongoing terrorism inves-tigation. 
The problem in the FISA Court is 
that when they take you to this court, it is secret. You don’t get your own lawyer, and basically the government says to the FISA Court judge: Oh, yes, it is related to an investigation—but I don’t believe they are forced to show that it is relating to an investigation. In some ways, I think we have gone too far because what you end up having is you have people who are saying it is re-lated, but the question is, Is there any evidence that there is a relation to it and how could there be a relationship of everybody in America to an inves-tigation? 
We also often have given gag orders, 
and this is one of the big complaints of the Internet companies. They get order after order after order, a national secu-rity letter. They get all of these suspicionless warrants, and then they are told they can’t talk about it or they will go to jail. There are some people who got gag warrants who were librarians and for a decade or more were not allowed to talk to anybody to say that they had received this war-
rant. 
The American Civil Liberties Union 
has written that the PATRIOT Act ‘‘violates the Fourth Amendment,’’ which says the government cannot con-duct a search without obtaining a war-rant and showing probable cause to be-lieve that a person has committed or will commit a crime. 
The ACLU goes on to say that it 
‘‘violates the First Amendment’s guar-antee of free speech by prohibiting the recipients of search orders from telling others [these are the gag orders] about those orders, even where there is no real need for secrecy.’’ 
These are the gag orders. They also 
say that it ‘‘violates the First Amend-ment by effectively authorizing the FBI to launch investigations of Amer-ican citizens in part for exercising their freedom of speech.’’ Now, they went back in and they wrote the rules and said: Oh, you are not supposed to do it if it violates someone’s freedom of speech. But the bottom line is that the opening we have given to the intel-ligence community is so wide that there are, for all practical purposes, no limitations on the gathering of your information. 
In the Maryland v. Smith case, we 
kind of get to the point where we have said that telephone conversations are protected, but we have said trace-and- trap and pen register, where they col-lect your data by phone calls, is not. The problem is—and this is a problem that needs to be corrected by the courts—at this point they are essen-tially nonexistent. There are no protec-tions in the court for any kind of war-rant that has to be gotten for any kind of metadata. 
The FBI need not show probable 
cause or even reasonable suspicion of criminal activity. It must only certify to a judge, without having to prove it, that such a warrant would be relevant to an ongoing investigation. 
Also, typically in the past, when we 
gave warrants for wiretaps, they were sorted to entities. You kind of had to name the entities. But now we are giv-ing the ability to collect data, pen reg-ister, trace-and-trap data on your phone calls nationwide. This is a severe departure from what we had had in the past because typically warrants were given under a judge’s jurisdiction, so within a region. But now we have a blanket order that says we can collect any of your phone records, anywhere, anytime, across the whole country. This goes against the history of the way we have had juris prudence. 
We talk a lot about phone data but 
your emails are in there too. Interest-ingly, your emails, after 6 months, have no protection at all. So any email you have on your computer, after 6 months, has no protection at all. 
Up to 6 months, there is a little bit of 
protection, but the government is al-lowed to look at—without a probable cause warrant—is able to look at whom you are communicating with and the header on the subject line. The govern-
ment is also able to look at, through metadata, the Web sites you visit. 
You can see how various groups 
would say that might be an infringe-ment of their First Amendment be-cause let’s say the government now knows I go to Electronic Frontier Foundation or I go to EPIC or I go to ACLU. I am concerned with civil lib-erties. Am I a potential problem to the government? I am concerned and I am a critic of the government. Is it a prob-lem the government now knows what Web sites I go to and that I am con-cerned with this? 
Now, if the government would hear— 
they would say: No, that is not what we are doing. 
But the other part of the question is 
maybe not yet, maybe not now, but you can also squelch and severely re-strict First Amendment practices if just simply the fear of the government looking at it might change my behav-ior. There is all the evidence, there have been surveys, saying that 20, 25 percent of people doing things online are changing their behavior because they are afraid of the government. 
The government argues that the list 
of Web sites and Web site addresses is simply transactional data, but I think there is much more you can garner from this data. 
The PATRIOT Act that is due to ex-
pire is just three sections. Interest-ingly, the complaints that I have are a lot over section 215, which the govern-ment claims is their justification for collecting all of your phone records. Now, the courts have said otherwise. The appeals court said last week that the business records do not give them the authority to collect your records. In fact, the courts have been very spe-cific that it is illegal. 
The President is currently ignoring 
the court, and the President continues to collect your phone data, all of your phone data, all of the time, as much as they can get. They have not changed any of their behavior, that I know of, since it was declared to be illegal. 
Some of the changes—I would repeal 
the whole thing. I would repeal the whole PATRIOT Act. But some of the changes that I would favor, if we were allowed to change it, if we could get a consensus in this body that would mir-ror the consensus that I think is in America—once you get outside the beltway of Washington and you go back into America and you ask people are they for this, the vast majority of people think the government shouldn’t 
collect all of their phone records all of the time. 
But there are some changes we could 
make. I think the first thing we ought to do is not replace this system but ba-sically say we are not going to collect data in bulk, that we are not going to collect your phone records, your credit card information, your emails, and where you go on the Web. We are not going to collect that in bulk. 
I think we could change the PA-
TRIOT Act to say we are only going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.051 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3124 May 20, 2015 
collect data that has to do with some-
one who is suspicious, that we have presented some suspicion to a judge, and that the judge said: This is prob-able cause. 
The standard is not that hard. It is 
hard for me to imagine, in fact, a judge saying no. Judges always say yes. If at 3 in the morning there is a murder somewhere inside a house in DC, what do you think the odds are that when the police call for the warrant that the judge will say no? Odds are most of us want the judge to give permission. But it is the checks and balances that we want so we don’t have police who oper-ate on bias or bigotry or religious dis-crimination. We want the people to be bound by the rule of law. 
It is kind of interesting, because you 
will hear Republicans sometimes give lip service to the rule of law. But in giving lip service to the rule of law, what happens is they seem to forget the whole idea of privacy. They are for it in economic transactions but not so much with regard to personal liberty. 
The New York Times has written and 
talked about some of the economic ef-fects of this. In an article by Scott Shane a couple of years ago, he talks about the idea that foreign citizens, many of whom rely on American com-panies for email Internet services, are concerned about their privacy. 
Now you can say you don’t care 
about foreigners, and they don’t get the same standard as we get, so you can understand maybe there is going to be a lower standard. But realize, if we are going to say the standard is quite a bit different and that there is no pro-tection for anybody’s data on the Internet, realize that standard is going to scare people in other countries away from our stuff. It is going to scare peo-ple away from our email companies. It is going to scare people away from our search engines. 
I think if you would talk to any of 
these companies out there—and some of these companies are some of the greatest success stories in our coun-try—if you think of the Internet revo-lution and you think of how America has really led, America has been the leader. We have created hundreds of thousands of jobs, billions of dollars of profit. In our zealousness to grab up every bit of information and in our zealousness to ignore, basically, the Constitution, we are grabbing up so much stuff we are scaring people to death. There has already been billions of dollars lost to North American com-panies because of this, because Euro-peans, Asians, they don’t want our stuff anymore. They don’t want things with our hardware. They don’t want to deal with our services because they are fearful the U.S. Government is looking at all of their transactions. 
The government is pretty clueless 
over this. Recently, one of the mem-bers of President Obama’s administra-tion came out—in fact, several mem-bers—complaining about encryption. They are like: Well, you know, we are going to maybe have some laws to pre-
vent these companies from encrypting things. It is like: Don’t you get it? 
Don’t you get why companies—the encryption is a response to govern-ment. The encryption is a response to a government that has run amok basi-cally collecting our information, col-lecting all of our information. So if you are an American Internet company, if you are an American search engine or an American email company, what do you think you are saying? You are say-ing: The only way I am getting Euro-peans back, the only way I am getting Asians back is to say I am going to protect them from my government. 
Isn’t that a sad state of affairs? People say: Well, how will you get 
terrorists if everything is encrypted? 
Edward Snowden was using an 
encrypted email server, and the com-pany that was housing him—that was specifically the genre of their business. They had a business that was encrypted because some people want to be private for a lot of different reasons, many of them legitimate—business, legal, personal reasons. But, anyway, when they came to get Edward Snowden’s email, they didn’t ask just to get his email; they said they wanted the encryption keys for the entire busi-ness. 
See, this is the problem. You have to 
realize there are zealots who don’t seem too concerned with your privacy rights. Imagine what they are going to do if they say to Apple: We don’t want just the encryption for you to let us in one time to see John Smith, who we think is a terrorist; we want you to let us in all of your products. If they force a good company like Apple to do that, who in the world would want anything from Apple anywhere in the world? There is a danger that we will destroy great American companies by forcing this surveillance into their products. 
(Mr. TOOMEY assumed the Chair.) Senator W
YDEN has also made a good 
point. If the government is going to mandate backdoor access to the code source and the government is going to say that Facebook or Google has to let them in a backdoor, that is a window, that is a breach of the wall, it is a breach of protection. 
Senator W
YDEN and others have made 
a good point. He said: If you do that, you will be actually weakening these companies to attacks of cyber security because if somebody can get in, some-body else who is smart can get in as well. 
So there is a danger to letting the 
government in. 
There are dozens and dozens of these 
programs. The NSA has something called the Dishfire database. It stores years and years of text messages from around the world. That might be fine except for it ends up trapping people who are also American citizens as well. 
It ends up tracking and trapping purely domestic texts that are retransmitted outside the country. 
They have a program called Tracfin 
that collects and accumulates gigabytes of credit card purchases. I 
don’t know—for some reason, I am more appalled by the credit card pur-chases than I am the phone because I think of all the stuff you can buy with your credit card and what it indicates about you. 
With phones—you can find out a lot 
with people’s phone records. When the Stanford students looked at phone records, they found that 85 percent of the time they could tell your religion. The vast majority of the time, they could tell your doctors. The vast ma-jority of the time, they could tell what disease you had. The vast majority of the time, the government can then also connect you through social networking and tell an extraordinary amount about you. 
With a credit card, it is even more 
explicit than that. They can tell if you drink, if you smoke, and how much, what magazines you buy, what books you read, what medicines you take. All that is on your credit card. And we are more and more that type of society. We are less and less a society of cash and more and more a society where every-thing is on paper. That should worry us. It should worry us that the govern-ment has access to all of our records all of the time. It should concern us that the government also says, when you ask them—and this is an impor-tant point—that your records, when held by a third party, are not protected at all. It is debatable whether that is true. I think it needs to be looked at again by the court, and I think there are those who will, in the court, say your third-party records are. The Maryland decision was 6 to 3. 
Justice Marshall felt your third- 
party records should be protected. He specifically mentioned that there was a potential stifling effect for association, there was a potential stifling effect for speech, and he was quite concerned that the government really should have a warrant to look at your records. 
My hope is that someday the Mary-
land v. Smith case will be relegated to the dustbin of history, into the same dustbin in which we put Olmstead. In Olmstead, they said you couldn’t have any protection for your phone records. It went on for 40 years. I think we still live with some of that because we have trained and taught the phone compa-nies not to be great advocates for our privacy, and there doesn’t appear to be seen a great deal of fighting on the part of the phone companies in advo-cating for us. Some of the Internet companies have begun to step up. But I would like to see both phone companies and Internet companies stand up and say: We are not going to do it. We are not going to give you access to us, and you will have to take us all the way to the Supreme Court. 
If they did, if there was unified re-
sistance among the consumer and among the companies to say ‘‘We are not going to let you have our data without a fight, and you are going to have to prove suspicion, and that you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.052 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3125 May 20, 2015 
are going to have to get a specific war-
rant,’’ I think then we might be able to get back to a more constitutional sce-nario. 
Within the NSA, there has also been 
evidence of installing filters in the fa-cilities of Internet and telecommuni-cation companies, serving them with court orders, and building backdoors into their software and acquiring keys to break their encryption. If this be-comes the norm, you can see how peo-ple will flee American products, and people will say: I am not going to use American things. There is an enor-mous, beyond-imagination economic punishment to our country that is oc-curring now and going to continue and worsen if we don’t wise up and send a signal. 
So for those in this body who say: We 
need to collect more information. We are not getting enough information. Warrants be damned. I don’t care what they do. Take all my information, get as much as you want—those people will have to explain why they are destroy-ing an American industry and why peo-ple around the world are going to say: We are alarmed at that, and we want some protection. If we are going to use American products, if we are going to use American email, we want to know there is not going to be indiscriminate collection of our information. 
Bill Binney was probably or is prob-
ably one of the highest ranking whis-tleblowers from the NSA. The things he has to say should disturb us because he probably knows more about this than any of us will ever know. Bill Binney said that without new leader-ship—this is in our intelligence agen-cies—new laws and top-to-bottom re-form, the NSA will represent a threat of turnkey totalitarianism. The capa-bility to turn its awesome power—now directed mainly against other coun-tries—will now be turned on the Amer-ican public. 
Originally, all of these intelligence 
forays were to get foreigners. We low-ered the standard, saying: Well, they do not live here. These are potentially terrorists, and so we are going to have a lower standard. 
They started out as foreign searches. 
In fact, the NSA was originally in-tended to search for foreigners and to search the information of foreigners. And I am not opposed to that. In fact, I was on one of the Sunday morning programs this week, and they asked: Well, are you for eliminating the NSA? 
I said: Of course not. I am for the 
NSA. I want the NSA to do surveil-lance that will help to protect us from attack. 
Not only am I for surveillance, I am 
for looking as deep as it takes. But I want some suspicion. I want suspicion that this person—that there is some evidence against this John Doe. You don’t have to prove they are guilty; you just have to have something that points toward them being suspicious. You then go to the judge, and the judge says: Here is a warrant. And if there is evidence the people he called is sus-
picious, go back to the judge and get another warrant. Go deeper and deeper. There is no reason why this couldn’t be done nearly instantaneously. There is no reason why it couldn’t be done 24 hours a day. And there is no reason why we can’t have security and the constitution as well. 
This battle has not been just about 
records; it has also been about another key part of the Bill of Rights, which is the right to a trial by jury, the right to due process, the right of habeas corpus. The Fifth and Sixth Amendments I see together as sort of the amendments that are with regard to your person and with regard to whether you are treated justly by your government. 
As we became fearful of terrorists, we 
said: Well, we are just going to capture people and we will just hold them in-definitely. It is one thing to catch someone on a battlefield in a foreign land shooting at us—and I have said re-peatedly that people in battle don’t get due process, but people outside of bat-tle, particularly American citizens, should. In some of these cases, we are talking about American citizens ac-cused of a crime—perhaps terrorism— who are caught in our country. Yet, we are going to say: Well, they do not really deserve trials. They do not de-serve lawyers. 
In fact, and I find this really hard to 
believe, one Senator said recently: Well, when they ask you for a judge, just drone them. Ha-ha. 
The same guy said: Well, when they 
ask you for a lawyer, you just tell them to shut up. 
About 10 years ago, Richard Jewell 
was thought to be the Olympic Bomb-er. Everybody said he did it. The TV convicted him within minutes. Every-body said he was the Olympic Bomber. He fit the profile: He wore glasses, he was an introvert, he had a backpack, and he seemed very helpful. Somehow, that was the profile. Everybody said he did it. The only problem is, he didn’t do it. 
So here he was accused of being a ter-
rorist, of exploding something, doing something terrible and killing inno-cent people. And I think to myself, if he had been a Black man in the South in 1920, what would have happened to him? Or if he had been any American in this century if the people who believe in no jurisprudence were really in charge. We should be afraid of ever let-ting these people get in charge of our government, because the thing is that Richard Jewell was innocent. 
People say: Well, these aren’t just 
American citizens, they are enemy combatants, and we don’t give any kind of jurisprudence—no judges or lawyers for these people. They are enemy combatants. 
Well, it kind of begs the question, 
doesn’t it? Who gets to decide who is an enemy combatant and who is an American citizen? Are we really so frightened and so easily frightened that we would give up a thousand-year history, the Magna Carta, even before 
we had juries—even in the Greek and Roman times, we had juries. Are we really willing to give that up and give people a classification that the govern-ment assesses them that cannot be challenged, where people don’t get a lawyer, they do not get presented to a judge and told why they are being held, and we would hold them forever? 
This was the debate over indefinite 
detention. The response I got during the debate was: Well, yeah, we would keep them. We would send them to Guantanamo Bay. 
An American citizen? Sure, if they are dangerous. Kind of begs the question, doesn’t it? 
Who gets to decide who is dangerous and who is not? 
When this finally made it to the Su-
preme Court, though, whether you could hold an American citizen, the Su-preme Court rejected the administra-tion’s claim that those labeled ‘‘enemy combatants’’ were not entitled to judi-cial review. It took years and years to finally have the Supreme Court tell people that the Bill of Rights was still in effect, that if you are an American citizen accused of a crime in our coun-try, no matter how heinous, you do have a right to a trial by jury, you do have a right to a lawyer, you do have the right of habeas corpus, you do have all of the rights of an American citizen. And no one can arbitrarily take those away from you. And if you don’t think that is potentially a problem, think of the South in the 1920s. Think of what would have happened if Richard Jewell were a Black man in the 1920s. He might not have lived the day. Think if Richard Jewell had been a Japanese American during World War II, when we decided that the right of habeas cor-pus didn’t apply to you if your parents were from Japan or if your grand-parents were from Japan. 
There was an experiment I remem-
ber, I think in college—a psychology experiment. They put a person in a room, and they said: This person has information, and we are going to shock them just a little bit. Here is the dial. You get to decide. 
They wanted to ask how high people 
would turn up the dial. It was pretty scary—a good amount of people you would imagine are normal, respectable people—how high they would turn the dial to shock somebody or to torture somebody. So we think that wouldn’t happen, but it does. 
Any time we make an analogy to 
horrific people in history—to Mussolini or Hitler—people say: You are exag-gerating; it is a hyperbole. Maybe it is. Particularly, to accuse anybody of that is a horrific analogy, and I am not doing that. 
But what I would say is that if you 
are not concerned that democracy could produce bad people, I don’t think you are really thinking this through too much. And if you are not concerned about procedural protections—proce-dural protections are how evidence is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.060 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3126 May 20, 2015 
gathered, how evidence is taken from 
your house, what rules the police have to obey. 
People don’t quite get this. We don’t 
have a mature discussion on this. Any time we try to say that this should stop and that someone could be a bad policeman, the media dumb it down and say that we are saying policemen are bad. No, it is the opposite. Some 98 or 99 percent of the police are good. In fact, in the general public it is pretty close to that. 
The thing is that we have the rules in 
place for the exception to the rule. We have these procedures in place because maybe it isn’t tomorrow that we decide that we are going to round up all the Japanese Americans again and put them in internment camps, but maybe next time it is Arab Americans. So we have to be concerned with this because we don’t know who the next group is that is unpopular. 
The Bill of Rights isn’t for the prom 
queen. The Bill of Rights isn’t for the high school quarterback. The Bill of Rights is for the least among us. The Bill of Rights is for minorities. The Bill of Rights is for those who have mi-nority opinions. The Bill of Rights is for those who are oddballs, those who aren’t accepted, those who have uncon-ventional thinking. 
If we are so frightened that we are 
going to throw all the rules out and we are just going to say that here is my liberty, take it, and here are my records; I didn’t do anything wrong, so I don’t mind if you look at all my records; if you say the standard will now be that if I have nothing to hide, I have nothing to fear and look at ev-erything I do, then there will be a time and there will be a danger that, in giv-ing up your freedom, in giving up your privacy, you will find that the world you live in is not the world you in-tended. 
There have been good folks within 
the National Security Agency who have talked about and have pointed out that we have gone too far. Bill Binney was one of those. He was a high-rank-ing NSA official who decided that they had gone too far. 
There was an interview—it has prob-
ably been 1 year or 2 years ago—with Bill Binney that was in ‘‘Frontline.’’ 
One of the first questions was: 
What a lot of people in government will 
say is that you don’t understand; we’re still at war. Remember we lost 3,000 people in 9/11. This is a very important program. 
They talk about the warrantless col-
lection of all records: 
It has saved thousands of lives, as Cheney 
said at one point. There are multiple plots that have been stopped because of this pro-gram. You’ve got to be very careful about what you wish for, because if you do, you might have another attack, and you might have blood on your hands. 
Fear. 
What is your reaction to this question 
about the effectiveness of what all this has been? 
Binney replied: First of all, they like to lump it in as one 
program and say you can’t cancel the pro-gram. 
In fact, Binney was famous because 
he had been working on a program that did investigate terrorists but protected American information and deleted American information from incidental collection. 
So he said: 
That’s false to begin with. It’s multiple 
programs. The one program that dealt with domestic spying was called Stellar Wind. 
Stellar Wind was one that was also 
created by Executive order and was done without the permission of Con-gress before the PATRIOT Act. 
They had the other foreign ones; you men-
tioned the names. There were other names that were listed in the PRISM program that was dealing with foreign intelligence. There were a whole bunch of those programs, not just one. 
So the point is you stop the intelligence, 
the domestic intelligence program, period. 
So Binney’s opinion was—this is the 
guy who wrote a lot of the original pro-grams. Bill Binney said he would con-tinue gathering information on for-eigners. This is a guy who worked for 30 years for the NSA. He is not some dove who doesn’t want to do anything about terrorists. Bill Binney worked for 30 years to develop the programs to help us catch terrorists, but he felt it wasn’t proper or constitutional to col-lect Americans’ records without a war-rant. He said if we get incidental records, destroy them; don’t collect them. 
He says: 
Eliminate them. [The records of Americans 
are] irrelevant to anything that— 
The incidental collection— 
is going on. All the terrorists would have been caught by the process that we put in place for ThinThread— 
ThinThread was a program they had 
before they went to the unconstitu-tional program— 
which was looking and focusing in on the 
groups of individuals that we already had identified and anybody in close proximity to them in the social graph, plus anybody—the other simple rules like anybody that was looking at jihadi advocating sites. . . . 
Et cetera. 
That would get them all, and you didn’t 
have to do the collection of all this other data that requires all that storage, transport of information to the storage, maintenance of it, interrogation programs, all of that added expense that they are incurring as a part of it over the last 10 years. You wouldn’t have any of that. . . . 
Frontline then asks: 
This problem of haystacks, how big a prob-
lem is that? Is that what we’ve done, is we’ve created a situation where the haystacks are bigger, and it’s almost impossible to find? 
This was Frontline’s question. It is a 
question I have been asking, also. If you collect all of Americans’ records all of the time, if we collect all of your phone records, can we possibly look at them? 
Now, computers are getting better, 
but still there has to be a human in-volved. I think we are overwhelmed with data. At one time about a year 
ago, I remember an article where I think they collected millions and mil-lions of audio hours. They had just been collecting. They were vacuuming up everything. And I think they had only been able to listen to about 25 per-cent of it. 
So the thing is that there is informa-
tion that we need to get and we should get. 
When the Tsarnaev boy—the Boston 
Bomber—went to Chechnya, we needed to know that. We needed to continue to see if there was evidence that we could take to a judge to continue to inves-tigate him. So we do need surveillance. But what we don’t need is indiscrimi-nate surveillance, and we don’t need the haystack to get so big that we can never find the terrorist in the stack. 
Binney responds: 
Well, what it simply means is if you use 
the traditional argument they say we’re try-ing to find a needle in a haystack, it doesn’t help to make the haystack orders of mag-nitude larger, because it makes it orders of magnitude more difficult to find that needle in the haystack. 
Frontline: 
And is that what they’ve done? 
Have we made that haystack so large that 
we are actually having more trouble catch-ing terrorists because we’re scooping up and swooping up all of America’s data? 
Binney: 
That’s what they’ve done. And now they’re 
looking at things like game playing and things like people doing that. I mean, this is ridiculous. How relevant is that to anything? 
Frontline: 
But they say there’re computers, and in 
Utah they’re going to be able to take all this stored data, and they’re going to be able to 
go through all of it, and they’re going to be able to connect the dots. Connect the dots— that’s what everybody wanted them to do after 9/11. 
Bill Binney, former senior NSA: 
See, that’s always been possible. Before 9/ 
11 we were doing that. That was already hap-pening. We already had that program. That wasn’t an issue at all. That’s why we should have picked this out from the beginning. We should have implemented it, the ThinThread [program that they’d already been working, the] connect-the-dots program on everything in the world, but we didn’t. That’s why we failed. It wasn’t a matter of not having the program; it was a matter of not imple-menting the program we had. 
When 9/11 came, we gave medals to 
the heads of our intelligence agencies. No one was ever fired. Yet the 20th hi-jacker was caught a month in advance. Moussaoui was caught in Minnesota for trying to take off in planes but not land them. The FBI agent there wrote 70 letters to his superior trying to get a warrant. It wasn’t that we had to dumb down and take away the proce-dural protections of warrants. The war-rant wasn’t denied. 
They would have a much stronger ar-
gument if they could say: We tried to catch the terrorists, but the judges kept saying no to warrants. 
It is absolutely not true. They didn’t 
ask the judge for warrants. So the 70 requests in Washington sat at FBI Headquarters and weren’t requested. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.062 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3127 May 20, 2015 
We also had another hijacker in Ari-
zona training to take planes off. Once again, the FBI agent there was doing a great job in sending the information to Washington, and but people were not talking to each other. It had nothing to do with saying the Constitution is too strong, and we have to weaken the Constitution or we will never catch terrorists. It had nothing to do with that. But that is precisely the argu-ment we have. 
In the aftermath of 9/11, the PA-
TRIOT Act was rushed to the floor— several hundred pages—and nobody read it. It didn’t come out of—there was one out of the committee. They didn’t use that. They rushed a sub-stitute to the floor, and no one had time to read it. But people voted be-cause they were fearful, and people said there could be another attack and Americans will blame me if I don’t vote on this. 
But we are now at a stage where we 
should say: Are we willing to give up our liberty for security? 
Can you not have both? Can you not 
have the Constitution and your secu-rity? I think you can. 
Several agents other than Bill 
Binney have also said—several national security officials—that the powers granted the NSA go far beyond the ex-panded counterterrorism powers grant-ed by Congress under the PATRIOT Act. 
The court now agrees with that. Any 
time someone tries to tell you that metadata is meaningless, don’t worry. It is just whom you call. It is just your phone records. It is not a big deal. Re-alize that we kill people based on metadata. So they must be pretty darned certain that they think they know something based on metadata. 
So these are ostensibly or presum-
ably terrorists that are being killed. But what I would say is that if they are killing people based on metadata, I would think you would want your own metadata pretty well protected. 
To give you an example of how Rep-
resentatives are sometimes getting it right, in the House of Representatives, they have seen and responded to the people. T
HOMAS MASSIE and Represent-
ative L OFGREN introduced an amend-
ment to the Defense appropriation bill last year. This amendment would have defunded the warrantless backdoor searches—what they are doing through 702, which is an amendment to the FISA Act. This is where we say we are investigating a foreigner, but the for-eigner talks to an American who talks to other Americans, and it ripples out into enormous amounts of incidental information. The information from 702, when you analyze it—9 out of 10 bits of information that are collected—is not about the person we have targeted. They are incidentally collected about other individuals. 
But when Representative M
ASSIE and 
Representative L OFGREN introduced 
their amendment to defund the back-door searches and to tell the CIA and NSA that they cannot mandate that 
companies give a backdoor entry into their product, the amendment passed 293 to 123. 
But just to show you that no good 
deed goes unpunished and just to show you the arrogance of the body—the vast majority of people do not want their phone records collected without warrant—what did they do when this 
passed 293 to 123? They stripped it out in secret in conference committee and it was gone. The reason it was gone is like everything else around here. You wonder why your government is com-pletely broken. We lurch from deadline to deadline, and it is on purpose really. We do deadline to deadline because we have to go. It is spring break. We are going to be late for spring break. We have to go, so we have to finish this up before we go. 
It is how the budget is done. No one 
ever votes on whether we are going spend X or Y. They put the whole budg-et into 2,000 pages. Nobody reads it. It is placed on our desk that day. Nobody has any idea what is in it. None of your concerns about your Government are ever addressed. We just pass, boom, the whole thing and it is out the door. It is the same way with these kinds of things. Because there is a deadline— and this amendment was passed 293 to 123, saying that we shouldn’t fund these illegal searches and that we should stop the bulk collection records—it is passed overwhelmingly. Yet, in secret, somehow it is taken back out of the bill and never becomes law. 
Now, while I don’t agree completely 
or really at all with the reform that has come forward out of the House, it is at least evident they are listening. They have a bill that would end the bulk collection of records to replace it with, I think, maybe another form of bulk collection, but it still passed over-whelmingly, 330-some-odd votes. But do you know what you hear when it gets over here? They say the Senate is distanced more from the people and not as responsive—absolutely true and sometimes to the detriment of the pub-lic. Because the thing is that while it is overwhelmingly popular with the American people that we should not be collecting your phone records without a warrant—without a warrant with your name on it, and the House has recognized this and passed something overwhelmingly to try to fix it—the first thing I hear over here from people is, Well, we are not collecting enough of your phone records. They are dis-appointed that the government isn’t getting—they have access and they claim they can get it, they gain access to everything, but the Government really is not collecting all of it, so peo-ple are very disappointed; they want to collect more. 
The American people say: Enough is 
enough. We want our privacy pro-tected. We want the Government to take less of our records. Congress rec-ognizes that—the House of Representa-tives. Then it comes over to the Sen-
ate, and the Senate says: Oh, my good-ness. We want to collect more of your records. We do not think we are getting enough into your privacy. We do not think we have completely trashed the Bill of Rights enough; let’s try to gain more of your records. 
One of the other things the Massie- 
Lofgren amendment did—that did pass over there—was to get rid of and say that no funds would go to mandate or request that a person alter his product or service to permit electronic surveil-lance. 
This is what is going on. What is 
pretty nefarious and antithetical to freedom is that our Government is tell-ing companies like Facebook and Google and these other companies— they are forcing them to let the gov-ernment have access into their prod-ucts. 
Everybody knows this is going on. It 
is no secret, and it is killing these com-panies in their worldwide market be-cause non-Americans don’t want to use their email. They are afraid the gov-ernment has forced their way into all their transmissions. 
There is currently another bill in the 
House put in by Representative P
OCAN , 
Representative M ASSIE , Representative 
GRAYSON , and Representative M CGOV-
ERNthat would repeal the entire thing. 
It repeals the PATRIOT Act and FISA amendments of 2008, permits the courts to appoint experts, permits the courts to have appeal. It basically tries to make our intelligence courts more like an American court or American juris-prudence. 
EPIC is the Electronic Privacy Infor-
mation Center. They talk some about these national security letters I men-tioned earlier. There are now hundreds of thousands of national security let-ters. These are letters that are war-rants. They are not signed by judges. They are actually signed by the police. This goes against the fundamental pre-cept of our jurisprudence. The funda-mental aspect was that we divided po-lice from the judiciary. It is supposed to be a check and balance. In case the local policemen had some sort of bias, they always had to call somebody else. It is not perfect, but it is a lot better than not having a check and balance. 
When we got to NSL—this comes out 
of the PATRIOT Act—they start out with a few thousand, and they grow and grow. Now there are hundreds of thousands of them. But realize that the national security letter is similar to what we fought the Revolution over. We fought the Revolution over writs of assistance, which are basically general-ized warrants, but they were also writ-ten by British soldiers. We were of-fended that a soldier would come into our house with a self-written permit. 
A lot of the reaction and the reason 
we wrote the Bill of Rights the way we did is that we were concerned with British abuses. We were concerned with the idea of general warrants. So when we wrote the Fourth Amendment, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.064 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3128 May 20, 2015 
said that it had to be specific to an in-
dividual. We said you had to name the individual. That is one of the real prob-lems with the bulk collection of records. They are not really based on suspicion of an individual because basi-cally the government is collecting all of your records, indiscriminately. 
The government is not even obeying 
the loose restrictions they put in place. The Constitution says you have to have probable cause. You have to present some evidence to a judge. You don’t have to prove that they are guilty, but you have to have enough evidence that the judge says it looks like that person could be guilty of a crime. 
So with the PATRIOT Act we low-
ered that standard and then lowered it again. For collecting information under the PATRIOT Act, all you have to do is say that the information you want is relevant to an investigation. When this got to the court, the court basically said this is absurd. So 2 weeks ago, the court just below the Su-preme Court said it is absurd to say that every American’s phone record is somehow relevant to a terrorist inves-tigation. They said it takes the mean-ing of the word ‘‘relevant’’ and basi-cally destroys any concept that the word has meaning at all. 
The PATRIOT Act went to a much 
lower standard, not probable cause but just that it might be relevant to an in-vestigation. And even with that lower standard, the court said that is absurd. 
How does the President respond? The 
President responds by doing nothing. The President could end this program tomorrow. Every one of your phone records is being collected without sus-picion, without relevance. In con-tradiction to even what the PATRIOT Act says, your records are being col-lected. The second highest court in the land has said this is illegal, and the President does nothing. The President said to Congress, Oh, yes; I will do it if Congress will do it. 
It is a bit disingenuous. We did not 
start the program. The authors of the PATRIOT Act had no idea this was going on. The PATRIOT Act, according to the court, does not even justify this. 
We are looking at telephone records. 
We are looking at email records. EPIC, the Electronic Privacy Information Center, has another big complaint about this; that people were put for-ward and then told that they could not even talk about the fact that they had been given a warrant. They were threatened with 5 years in prison for even mentioning that they had been served a warrant. 
This, I think, is an obvious con-
tradiction of the First Amendment. We have legislation that contradicts the Fourth and the First Amendments. 
The national security letters in 3 
years, from 2003 to 2005—these are the warrants that are written by FBI 
agents, not written by a judge—there were 143,000 warrants given out in our country to Americans with a warrant written by the police. The New York Times has talked 
about this, and Charlie Savage in a re-port last year reported that the Justice Department had to apologize to a Fed-eral appeals court for providing inac-curate information about a central case challenging the unconstitution-ality. 
Now, what is truth and what isn’t 
truth. When you go to a court, it is like when your kids fight; there are two sides to everything. One child has one argument, and the other child has the other argument. The truth is listening to both sides and trying to figure out what the truth is. The court is no dif-ferent. But in these courts, you are only hearing one side and only the gov-ernment represents their case. 
The government says that we want 
all the phone records because they are relevant. No one stands up on the other side and says: I object. That is one of the reforms Senator W
YDEN and I have 
talked about, having somebody rep-resent the accused, somebody to stand up and say maybe all the phone records in the country are not relevant, maybe they are not relevant to an investiga-tion. It would be absurd to say every American’s records would be relevant. 
Probably no one in America knows 
more about this subject than Senator W
YDEN , who I see has come to the 
floor. Senator W YDEN knows more 
about this because he has been on the Intelligence Committee for several years. 
There are two tiers within Congress. 
There is a great deal of information that I have never been told. Even though I was elected to represent Ken-tucky, I am not allowed to know a lot of things that happen in the Intel-ligence Committee. The downside for Senator W
YDEN is he is allowed to 
know more but then he is not allowed to talk about it, which makes it a problem. It is hard to have dissent in our country. If I am not given informa-tion, how can I complain about it? And if the Senator from Oregon is given in-formation, he is not allowed to com-plain about it. 
These are the things we struggle with 
in trying to find truth. 
Mr. WYDEN. Will the Senator from 
Kentucky yield for a question, without losing his right to the floor? 
Mr. PAUL. Yes. Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague. 
It is good to be back on the floor with him once again on this topic. 
As we have indicated, this will not be 
the last time we are back on the floor. 
My colleague has made a number of 
very important points already. I was especially pleased when my colleague brought to light something that is lit-tle known; that the Attorney General of the United States is interested in— excuse me—the FBI Director is inter-ested in requiring companies to build weaknesses into their products. In other words, we have had companies in-terested in encryption, as my colleague mentioned. What happened as a result of that encryption, they had a chance to start getting back the confidence of 
consumers, both in the United States and worldwide—and then the FBI Di-rector has been interested in, in effect, allowing companies to build a back-door into their systems. This, once again, kind of defies commonsense be-cause the keys will not just be out there for the good guys. They will also be available to the bad guys. 
I am very pleased that my colleague 
from Kentucky highlighted one par-ticular new development in this debate, and I have sought as a member of the Intelligence Committee for some time to come up with an approach that once again demonstrates that security and liberty are not mutually exclusive. But 
we are certainly not going to have both, as my colleague touched on in his statement, if the policy of the FBI Di-rector is to require companies to build a backdoor into their products—build weaknesses into their products. 
Now, the Senator from Kentucky is 
very much aware that my staff and a number of Senators are currently working through a number of issues and amendments related to the ques-tion of how we can pass trade legisla-tion and get more family wage jobs for our people through exports. A number 
of us, myself specifically, have been concerned that the majority leader and other supporters of business as usual on bulk collection of all of these phone records would somehow try to take ad-vantage of our current discussions and try to, in effect, sneak through a mo-tion to extend section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act. As long as the Senator from Kentucky has the floor, that can-not happen. My hope is that once our colleagues have agreed on a path to go forward with job-creating, export-ori-ented trade legislation, it will be pos-sible to resume our work on that very important bill. 
In the meantime, my question for my 
colleague pertains to an issue that he noted I have been at for some time. As my colleague knows, I have been trying to end the bulk phone record collection program since 2006, and the reason I have is because this bulk phone record collection program is a Federal human relations database. 
When the Federal Government knows 
whom you have called, when you have called, and often where you have called from, which is certainly the case if somebody calls from a land line and someone has a phonebook, the govern-ment has a lot of private and intimate information about you. If the govern-ment knows that you called a psychia-trist three times, for example, in 36 hours, twice after midnight, the gov-ernment doesn’t have to be listening to that call. The government knows a whole lot about what most Americans would consider to be very private. 
This has been an important issue. My 
colleague from Kentucky has been an invaluable ally on this particular cause since he arrived in the Senate, and I just want to give a little bit more background and then get my col-league’s reaction to this question. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.065 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3129 May 20, 2015 
I have seen several of my colleagues 
come to the floor of the Senate and talk about why we ought to keep a bulk phone record collection, and the statement has somehow been that this is absolutely key for strong counter-terror. That is a baffling assertion, I say to my colleague from Kentucky, because even the Director of National Intelligence and the Attorney General are saying it is not. So what we have are Members of the Senate saying that bulk collection—some of them—ought to be preserved in order to fight terror, and the Director of National Intel-ligence and the Attorney General, two individuals who are not exactly soft on terror, saying it is not. 
If Senators, and those who might be 
following this debate, are seeking a more detailed analysis, I hope they will check out the very lengthy report on surveillance that was issued by the President’s review group. This group’s members have some very impressive national security credentials. These are not people who are soft on fighting terror. One of them was the Senior Counterterror Adviser to both Presi-dent Clinton and President Bush and another served as Acting Director of the CIA, and this review group—a re-view group led by individuals with pris-tine antiterror credentials—said on page 104 of their report that ‘‘the infor-mation contributed to terrorist inves-tigations by the use of section 215 [bulk] telephony meta-data was not es-sential to preventing attacks and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using [individual] section 215 orders.’’ 
What this distinguished group of ex-
perts said supports what the Senator from Kentucky is saying and what I and others have been saying for some time. 
The Senator from Kentucky pointed 
out my service on the Intelligence Committee. I think Senator F
EINSTEIN  
and I are two of the five longest serv-ing members in the committee’s his-tory. We didn’t find out about bulk col-lection until it had been underway for quite some time because it was con-cealed from most members of the Intel-ligence Committee for several years. But given the fact that we began to see in 2006 and early 2007 what is at stake, this has been a fight that has been going on for 8 years. 
An additional reason I appreciate the 
Senator from Kentucky being here now is that for these 8 years and multiple reauthorizations, it has always been the same pattern. It was almost like the night follows the day. Those who were in favor of dragnet surveillance and those who were in favor of the bulk collection program, in effect, wait until the very last minute and then they say: Oh, my goodness. It is a dan-gerous world. We have to continue this program just the way it is. 
Well, I tell my colleague from Ken-
tucky, and I know he shares my view on this, that there is no question that it is a very dangerous world. Anybody who has served on the Intelligence 
Committee, as I have for more than 14 years, and goes into those classified meetings on a weekly basis, does not walk out of there without the judg-ment that it is a very dangerous world. But what doesn’t make sense is to be pursuing approaches that don’t make us safer and compromise our liberties. That is what doesn’t make sense. 
Last year, along with my colleagues 
Senator H
EINRICH and Senator Mark 
Udall, I filed a brief in a case that was before the Court of Appeals for the Sec-ond Circuit. It is an important court. It is one of the highest courts in our country. 
In the brief, we said we ‘‘have re-
viewed this surveillance extensively and have seen no evidence that the bulk collection of Americans’ phone records has provided any intelligence of value that could not have been gath-ered through means that caused far less harm to the privacy interests of millions of Americans.’’ 
What we are talking about, in effect, 
are conventional approaches with re-spect to court orders and then there are emergency circumstances. So when the government believes it has to act to protect the American people, it can move quickly and then, in effect, come back and settle up later. 
The conclusion we reached after re-
viewing bulk collection very carefully was based on 8 years’ worth of work, and of course we recently had this court declare bulk collection to be ille-gal. 
My first question is, Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky agree there is no evidence that dragnet surveillance now makes America any safer? 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, that is a 
great question, and I also think it is very difficult to prove these things one way or another sometimes. We are at a great disadvantage because a lot of times they hold all of the information. I think it was nothing short of miracu-lous that you and others were able to investigate this and show that in re-ality all of these folks who they allege could have been caught would have been caught through traditional sur-veillance and through traditional war-rants. 
I think this is a pretty important 
point because they want us to live in fear and give up the Fourth Amend-ment, but it turns out even the prac-tical argument is not an accurate one because it turns out that almost al-ways, if not always, the terrorists seem to be caught through sort of the nor-mal channels of human intelligence, suspicion, and finding out something about them that causes us to inves-tigate them. 
I, like the Senator from Oregon, do 
want to catch terrorists and I also want to keep our freedom at the same time. I think it was a pretty important conclusion, not only by the review 
board but also by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board as well, the review panel, two groups of folks from the administration. I am also interested in hearing the 
Senator from Oregon talk about an op- ed he wrote which appeared in the Los Angeles Times in December. Senator W
YDEN wrote that building a backdoor 
into every cell phone, tablet or laptop means directly creating weaknesses that hackers and foreign governments can exploit. 
I would be interested in entertaining 
a question concerning that. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I apolo-
gize to my colleague. I ask that my colleague restate his question. 
Mr. PAUL. This is on op-ed that was 
written by the Senator from Oregon and appeared in the LA Times in De-cember. The op-ed says that building a backdoor into every cell phone, tablet or laptop means deliberately creating weaknesses that hackers and foreign governments can exploit. 
I think expanding on that in the form 
of a question would help us to under-stand exactly what the Senator means by that. 
Mr. WYDEN. What the Senator is 
asking about is a statement made by the FBI Director, Mr. Comey. This is not some kind of hidden article. It was on the front pages of all of our papers and really deserves, as my colleague is suggesting, some consideration. 
In fact, one of the last things I did as 
chairman of the Senate Finance Com-mittee—I had a relatively short tenure there in 2014—was to hold a workshop in Silicon Valley on this issue. The problem stems from the fact that with the NSA overreach taking a huge toll on our companies and the confidence that consumers, both here and around the world, had in the privacy of their products, these companies said we have to figure out a way to make sure con-sumers here and around the world un-derstand that we are going to protect their privacy. So they decided to put in place products that had strong encryption. They felt that was impor-tant to be able to assure their con-sumers that when they sold something, their privacy rights were protected. In doing so, of course, they also made it clear, as has always been the case, that when the government believes an indi-vidual could put our Nation at risk, you get an individual court order, you use emergency circumstances, and you could still get access to information. 
The response by our government, 
which contributed mightily to the problem by the NSA’s overreach in the first place, was our government saying: Nope. You are not going to be able to use that encryption to bring back the confidence that Americans and people around the world have in your prod-ucts. There were projections that these companies were already losing billions and billions of dollars in terms of the consequences of loss of privacy. 
The response of the government was 
to say: We are looking at requiring you to build weaknesses into your products and, in effect, create a backdoor so we can get easy entry. 
(Mr. GARDNER assumed the Chair.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.069 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3130 May 20, 2015 
I know at townhall meetings at home 
in Oregon, I have talked about the con-cept of our government requiring com-panies to build weaknesses into their products. People just slap their fore-heads. They say: What is that all about? It is your job to make sure we have policies that both secure our lib-erty and keep us safe. It is not your job to tell companies to build weaknesses into their products. 
In effect, you have to just throw up 
your hands when they say: We can’t do it, so the company ought to build weaknesses into the products. 
As my colleague said, I pointed out 
that once you do that, it will not just be the good guys who have the keys, it will be bad guys who have the keys at a time when we are so concerned about cyber security. 
I wish to ask my colleague one other 
question on one other topic he and I have spoken about at great length. Is the Senator from Kentucky troubled by the fact that a number of high-rank-ing intelligence officials have not been forthright in recent years with respect to this bulk collection and the col-lecting of data on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans? As my col-league knows, I have been particularly troubled by this. 
I ask the question because my col-
league and I have pointed out that we have enormous admiration for the rank-and-file in the intelligence field. These are individuals who day in and day out get up in the morning and con-tribute enormously to the well-being of the American people, and we have enormous respect for them. We are grateful to them. They are patriots, and they serve us well every day. I per-sonally do not think they have been well-served by the fact that a host of high-level intelligence officials have not exactly been straight or forthright with the Congress and the American people on these issues. 
I would be interested in the views of 
my colleague on this subject because we have discussed this at some length. I am glad to be able to put it in the context of making sure that Americans know that the two of us greatly respect the thousands of people who work in the intelligence field and serve us well and do and have done the things nec-essary to apprehend and kill bin Laden but that we are concerned about the question of the veracity, the forth-rightness of some of the members of the intelligence community at the highest levels. What is the reaction of my colleague to that? 
Mr. PAUL. I think the vast majority 
of the intelligence community, as are the vast majority of policemen, good people. They are trying to do what is best for the country. They are patriotic people, and they are really trying to do what is necessary within the confines of the law. 
The issue is that the intelligence 
community has such vast power, and a lot of it is secret power. So we have to have a great deal of trust in those who run the agency because we have en-
trusted them with such enormous power to look through information. Then, when they come to us and say, ‘‘Well, you have to give up a little more liberty; you have to give up a lit-tle bit more in order to get security,’’ we have to trust the information be-cause they control all of the informa-tion they give us. And then we find— when we ask a high-ranking official in the committee whether they were doing bulk collection of data and the answer was not true—they said they weren’t doing something that they ob-viously were doing—it makes us dis-trust the whole apparatus. 
I agree with the Senator from Oregon 
that the vast majority of law enforce-ment and the intelligence community are good people. They are patriotic. They want to stop terrorism, as we all do. But what we are arguing about is the process and the law and the Con-stitution and trying to do it within the confines of the Constitution. But when we have someone at the very top who doesn’t tell the truth in an open hear-ing under oath, that is very troubling and makes it difficult. 
Mr. WYDEN. I appreciate my col-
league’s assessment on that issue. He knows that it was very troubling that in 2012 and in 2013, we just weren’t able to get straight answers to this question of collecting data on millions or hun-dreds of millions of Americans. 
My colleague will recall that the 
former NSA Director said that—he had been to a conference—and that he was not involved in collecting ‘‘dossiers’’ on millions of Americans. Having been on the committee at that point for over a dozen years, I said: Gee, I am not exactly sure what a ‘‘dossier’’ means in that context. 
So we began to ask questions, both 
public ones, to the extent we could, and private ones, about exactly what that meant, and we couldn’t get answers to those questions. We just couldn’t get answers. 
The Intelligence Committee tradi-
tionally doesn’t have many open hear-ings. By my calculus, we probably get to ask questions in an open hearing for maybe 20 minutes, maximum, a year. So after months and months of trying to find out exactly what was meant, we felt it was important to ask the Direc-tor of National Intelligence exactly what was meant by these ‘‘dossiers’’ and government collecting data and the like. So at our open hearing, I said: I am going to have to ask the Director of National Intelligence about this. And because I have long felt that it was important not to try to trick peo-ple or ambush them or anything of the sort, we sent the question in advance to the head of national intelligence. We sent the exact question: Does the gov-ernment collect any type of data at all on millions of Americans? We asked it so that he would have plenty of time to reflect on it. We waited to see if the Di-rector would get back to us and say: Please don’t ask it. There has always been a kind of informal tradition in the 
Intelligence Committee of being re-spectful of that. We didn’t get that re-quest, so I asked it. When I asked: Does the government collect any type of data at all on millions of Americans, the Director said no. I knew that wasn’t accurate. That was not a forth-right, straightforward, truthful an-swer, so we asked for a correction. We couldn’t get a correction. 
I would say to my colleague that 
since that time, the Director or his representatives have given five dif-ferent reasons why they responded as they did, further raising questions in my mind, not with respect to the rank- and-file in the intelligence commu-nity—the thousands and thousands of hard-working members of the intel-ligence community my colleague and I feel so strongly about and respect so greatly. 
I wish to ask just one other question 
with respect to where we are at this point and what is ahead. As long as the Senator from Kentucky holds the floor, no one will be able to offer a motion to consider an extension of the USA PA-TRIOT Act. But at some point in the near future, whether it is this weekend or next week or next month, my anal-ysis is the proponents of phone record collection are going to seek a vote in the Senate to continue what I consider to be this invasion of privacy of mil-lions and millions of law-abiding Amer-icans. When that happens, I intend to use every procedural tool available to me to block that extension. And if at least 41 Senators stand together, we can block that extension and block it indefinitely. If 41 Senators stick to-gether, there isn’t going to be any short-term extension, and finally, after something like 8 years of working on this issue, finally we will be saying no to bulk phone record collection. 
I am certain I know the answer to 
this question, but I think we both want to be on the R
ECORD on this matter. 
When that vote comes, the Senator is going to be one of the 41 Senators who are going to block that extension. I have appreciated his leadership. 
I would just like his reaction to our 
efforts to go forward once again when we have to do it with proponents of mass surveillance seeking an actual vote to continue business as usual with respect to dragnet surveillance. 
Mr. PAUL. I think the American peo-
ple are with us. I think the American people don’t like the idea of bulk col-lection. I think the American people are horrified. 
I think it will go down in history as 
one of the most important questions we have asked in a generation when the Senator from Oregon asked the Di-rector of National Intelligence: Are you gathering in bulk the phone records of Americans? And when he didn’t tell the truth and then when the President kept him in office and then how that led to this great debate we are having now—I think the American people are with us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.071 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3131 May 20, 2015 
I don’t think those inside Wash-
ington are listening very well, so I think those inside Washington have not come to the conclusion yet. But I think the Senator from Oregon is right. There may be enough of us now to say: Hey, wait a minute, you are not going to steam roll through once again something that isn’t even doing what you said it is going to do. 
No one said at the time of the PA-
TRIOT Act that it meant we could col-lect all records of all Americans all the time. In fact, in the House, one of the cosponsors of the bill, J
AMES SENSEN -
BRENNER , knew all about the PATRIOT 
Act. He was a proponent of the PA-TRIOT Act, and he said never in his wildest dreams did he think that what he voted for would say we could gather all the records all the time. 
But I am interested in another ques-
tion, and that would be whether the Senator from Oregon has a question that will help us to better understand, if we were to stop bulk collection to-morrow, if we were to eliminate what is called section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, if we were to do that, is there still concern and worry about what is called Executive Order 12333? 
I am not aware of whether the Sen-
ator can or can’t talk about this or what is public. From what I have read in public and from one of the insightful articles from John Napier Tye, the sec-tion chief for Internet freedom in the State Department, he has written that his concern is that this Executive order may well allow a lot of bulk collection that is not justified and not given sanc-tion under the PATRIOT Act. 
Does the Senator from Oregon have a 
question that might help the American public to understand that? 
Mr. WYDEN. I would just say to my 
colleague that we always have to be vigilant about secret law. And we have, in effect, found our way into this omi-nous cul-de-sac that the Senator from Kentucky and I have been describing here this afternoon really because of secret law. 
As I wrap up with this question and 
hearing the concern of my colleague— because I think that is what is at the heart of his question, that ‘‘secret law’’ is what the interpretation is in the in-telligence community of the laws writ-ten by the Congress. Very often those secret interpretations are very dif-ferent from what an American will read if they use their iPad or their laptop. For example, on section 215, bulk phone records collection, I don’t think very many people in Kentucky or Oregon took out their laptop, read the PATRIOT Act, and said: Oh, that au-thorizes collecting all the phone records on millions of law-abiding Americans. 
There is nothing that even suggests 
something like that, but that was a se-cret interpretation. 
So I am very glad the Senator from 
Kentucky has chosen to have us wrap up at least this part of our discussion with the questions that we have di-rected to each other on this question of 
secret law because, as my colleague from Kentucky and I have talked about, we both feel that operations of the intelligence community—what are called sources and methods—they abso-lutely have to be secret and classified because if they are not, Americans could die. Patriotic Americans who work in the intelligence community could suffer grievous harm if sources and methods and the actual operations were in some way leaked to the public. But the law should never be secret. The American people should always know what the law means. And yet, with re-spect to bulk collection and why that court decision was so important, what happened was that a program that had been kept secret, that had been propped up by secret law, was declared illegal by an important court. 
So I will just wrap up by way of say-
ing that the Senator from Kentucky and I have always done a little kidding over the years about our informal Ben Franklin caucus. Ben Franklin was al-ways talking about how anybody who gave up their liberty to have security really deserves neither. 
I just want to tell my colleague that 
I am very appreciative of his involve-ment in this. From the time my col-league came to the Senate, he has been a very valuable ally in this effort. My colleague recognized this was not about balance. This is a program that doesn’t make us safer but compromises our liberty. It is not about balance. And at page 104, you can read that the President’s own advisers say that. 
So I am very pleased that the infor-
mal Ben Franklin caucus is back in ac-tion this afternoon. I look forward to working closely with my colleagues on this. As I indicated by my question, I expect we will be back on the floor of this wonderful body before long having to once again tackle this question of whether it ought to be just business as usual and a re-up of a flawed law. My colleague and I aren’t going to accept that. 
I thank him for his work today. 
These discussions and being on your feet hour after hour are not for the fainthearted. I appreciate my col-league’s leadership, and I once again yield the floor back to him. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I would 
like to thank the Senator from Oregon, and I would like to point out to the American people, to people who are al-ways crying out and saying ‘‘Why can’t you work together? Why can’t you work with the other side?’’ that I think we have a false understanding some-times of compromise. The Senator from Oregon is from the opposite party. We are in two opposite parties, and we don’t agree on every issue. But when it comes to privacy and the Bill of Rights and what we need to do to protect the Fourth Amendment, we are not splitting the difference to try to find a middle ground between us. We both believe in the Fourth Amend-ment. We both believe in protecting the Fourth Amendment and protecting 
your right to privacy. 
So bipartisanship can be about two 
people believing in the same thing but just being in different parties. It means we may not agree on 100 percent of issues, but on a few, we are exactly to-gether, and we don’t split the dif-ference. It isn’t always about splitting the difference. 
You can have true, healthy biparti-
sanship, Republican, Democrat, Inde-pendent coming together on a constitu-tional principle, coming together on something that is important. 
I didn’t come to the floor today be-
cause I want to get some money for one individual project for one person. I came because I want something for ev-erybody. I want freedom for everybody, and I want protection for the indi-vidual. I want protection against the government’s invasion of your privacy. 
I thank the Senator from Oregon for 
his insightful questions. 
One of the things we talked a little 
bit about as Senator W
YDEN and I were 
going through a series of questions was some of the different boards that have been put in place by the President and have come out and said that the pro-gram—the Executive order—the Presi-dent put in place two panels, a review panel and another one called the Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and, interestingly, both panels told him the same thing: that what he was doing was illegal and wrong and it ought to stop. Then the President came out and said ‘‘That is great,’’ but then he keeps doing it. 
I don’t quite understand because I 
like the President and I take him at his word, and he says: Well, yes, I am balancing this and that, and they told me this, and if Congress stops it, I will obey Congress. It is like, we didn’t start this. The President started this program by himself. He didn’t tell us about it. Maybe one or two people knew about it. Almost all of the rep-resentatives didn’t know about it, and no Americans knew about it. And then when we asked them about it, they lied to us and said they weren’t doing it. 
The President has two official panels, 
and they both said it is illegal and ought to stop. And the PATRIOT Act 
doesn’t justify what they are doing. And this was all created by Executive order. 
So what is the President’s response? 
He just keeps collecting your records. Does nobody in America think this is strange or unusual that the President will continue a program that his own advisers tell him is illegal and that the courts have now said is illegal, and he goes on. 
But this isn’t all one-sided. That is 
for one political party. But in my polit-ical party, there are people saying: I guess the President’s advisers say it is illegal, the court says it is illegal, but, man, they are not collecting enough. I just wish they were collecting more Americans’ records without a warrant. 
What a bizarre world, that people 
don’t seem to be listening to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.072 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3132 May 20, 2015 
courts, to the experts, or to the Con-
stitution. 
The Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
sight Board, though, I think really had some insightful comments. They give a description, first of all, of collecting all of your phone records, and I like the way they put it. They said that an order was given so that the NSA is ‘‘to collect nearly all call detail records generated by certain telephone compa-nies in the United States. . . .’’ Some-times when you read a sentence, you don’t quite get to the importance. ‘‘Nearly all.’’ So we are not talking about 1,000 records. We are not talking about 1 million records. We are talking about nearly all of the records in the entire United States. There are prob-ably over 100 million phones, I am thinking, in the United States, so over 100 million records. Every record has thousands of pieces of information in it, so we are talking about billions of bits of information that the govern-ment is collecting. 
I don’t have a problem if they want 
to collect the phone data of terrorists. In fact, I want them to. I don’t have a problem if they will go 100 hops into the data if they have a warrant. If John Doe has a warrant, look at all his phone records. Ask a judge to put his name on the warrant and look at all of his records. If there are 100 people he called and they are people you are sus-picion of, call them, too. Go to the next hop, go to the next hop, go to the next hop. There is no limit. But just do it appropriately. Do it appropriately with a warrant with somebody’s name on it. I see no reason why we can’t do this with the Constitution. 
We are now collecting the records of 
hundreds of millions of people without a warrant, and I think it needs to stop. The President’s own commission says to stop. Here is what the commission says: ‘‘From 2001 through early 2006 the NSA collected bulk data based on a Presidential authorization.’’ 
So, interestingly—and this ought to 
scare you, too—they didn’t even use the PATRIOT Act in the beginning at all. The President just wrote a note to the head of the NSA and said: Just start collecting all their stuff, without any kind of warrant. And then later on they started saying: Well, maybe the PATRIOT Act justifies this. But for 5 years they collected data with no war-rant and with no legal justification, and they do it through something they call the inherent powers of the Presi-dent, article II powers. 
Article II is the section of the Con-
stitution that gives the President pow-ers. We designate what the President can do. Article I designates what we can do. Interestingly, our Framers put article I first, and those of us in Con-gress think that maybe they thought the powers of Congress were closer to the people and more important, and they gave delegated powers to us, and they were very specific. 
But what concerns me about the bulk 
collection is that for 5 years it wasn’t even done with regard to the PATRIOT 
Act. I am guessing it was done under the Executive order. 
As much as I don’t like the PATRIOT 
Act and would like to repeal the PA-TRIOT Act and simply use the Con-stitution, I am afraid that even if we repeal the PATRIOT Act, they would still do what they want. Your govern-ment has run amok. Things are run-away, and the government really is not paying attention to the rule of law. 
For the first time, in 2006, the court 
got involved. The intelligence court at that time finally heard the first order under section 215. So for 5 years they were collecting all the phone records with just a Presidential order. Now we do it under the PATRIOT Act. 
But the rule of law is about checks 
and balances. It is about balancing the executive branch and the legislative branch and the judiciary branch. It is about balancing the police in the judi-ciary. We talked about warrants and the police not writing warrants. 
I see on the floor one of the Nation’s 
leading experts in the Fourth Amend-ment and the Constitution, who has re-cently written a book on this, and I told him recently I have been stealing his story and at least half the time giv-ing him credit for it. But I talked ear-lier on the floor about the story of John Wilkes, and if the Senator from Utah is interested in telling us a little bit of the story, I would like to hear a little bit from his angle or in the form of a question or any other question he has. 
Mr. LEE. I would like to be clear at 
the outset that while the Senator from Kentucky and I come to different con-clusions with regard to the specific question as to whether we should allow section 215 of the PATRIOT Act to ex-pire, I absolutely stand with the junior Senator from Kentucky and, more im-portantly, I stand with the American people. 
With regard to the need for a trans-
parent, open amendment process and for an open, honest debate in front of the American people on the important issues facing our Nation, including this one—and I certainly agree with the Senator from Kentucky that the Amer-ican people deserve better than what they are getting, and, quite frankly, it is time that they expect more from the Senate. 
On issues as important as this one, 
on issues as important as the right to privacy of our citizens and our national security, this is not a time for more cliffs, more secrecy, and more elev-enth-hour backroom deals that are de-signed to mix conflict, mix crisis in a previously arranged time crunch in which the American people are pre-sented with something where they don’t really have any real options. 
It is time for the kind of bipartisan, 
bicameral consensus I believe is em-bodied in the USA FREEDOM Act. While I often criticize Congress for our economic deficits, our financial defi-cits, the core of this current challenge we face is centered around the 
Congress’s deficit of trust—in this par-ticular circumstance, the Senate’s def-icit of trust. Members of our body rou-tinely tell the American people to just trust us. Trust us, we will get it right. Just trust us, we will appropriately balance all the competing concerns. 
I think it is time that we trust the 
American people by having an honest discussion with them emanating from right here on the floor of the Senate. It is time to discuss and debate and to amend the House-passed USA FREE-DOM Act. 
I am confident that Senator P
AUL 
and others among my colleagues who have different ideas from mine will be happy to offer and debate amendments to improve it and make it something perhaps that they could even support. In fact, as far as I am aware, Senator P
AUL and others have amendments 
that they are eager and anxious and willing and ready to present and to have discussed here on the floor and voted on right here on the floor of the Senate. 
But first I am calling on my Repub-
lican and Democratic colleagues to help repair the dysfunctional legisla-tive branch we have inherited, to re-build the Senate’s reputation as not only our Nation’s but the world’s greatest deliberative body, and, by ex-tension, slowly restore the public’s confidence in who we are and what we are here to do here in the Senate. 
The greatest challenge to policy-
making today is perhaps distrust. The American people distrust their govern-ment. They distrust Congress in par-ticular. It is not without reason. For their part, Washington policymakers seem to distrust the people. 
Almost as pressing for the new ma-
jority here in the Senate is that the distrust that now exists between grass-roots conservative activists and elect-ed Republican leaders can be particu-larly toxic. Leaders can respond to this kind of distrust in one of two ways. One option involves the bare-knuckles kind of partisanship that the previous Senate leadership exhibited over the last 8 years, twisting rules, blocking debate, and blocking amendments, while systematically disenfranchising hundreds of millions of Americans from meaningful political representa-tion right here in this Chamber. But this is no choice at all. Contempt for the American people and for the demo-cratic process is something Repub-licans should oppose in principle. In fact, it is something we oppose in prin-ciple. 
We should throw open the doors of 
Congress, throw open the doors of the Senate, and restore genuine represent-ative democracy to the American Re-public. What does this mean? Well, it means no more cliff crises, no more se-cret negotiations, no more ‘‘take it or leave it’’ deadline deals, no more pass-ing bills without reading them, and no more procedural manipulation to block debate and compromise. These are the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.074 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3133 May 20, 2015 
abuses that have created today’s status 
quo—the very same status quo that Re-publicans have been elected to correct. 
What too few in Washington appre-
ciate and what this new Republican majority in Congress must appreciate if we hope to succeed is that the Amer-ican people’s distrust of their public in-stitutions is totally justified. There is no misunderstanding here. Americans are fed up with Washington, and they have every right to be. The exploited status quo in Washington has cor-rupted America’s economy and their government, and its entrenched defend-ers, powerful and sometimes rich in the process. This situation was created by both parties, but repairing it is now going to fall to those of us in this body right now. It is our job to win back the public’s trust. That cannot be done simply by passing bills or even better bills. The only way to gain trust is to be trustworthy. I think that means that we have to invite the people back into the process, to give the bills we do pass the moral legitimacy that Con-gress alone no longer confers. 
In order to restore this trust, Mem-
bers will have to expose themselves to inconvenient amendment votes, incon-venient debate and discussion, and scrutiny of legislation we are consid-ering. The result of some votes in the face of certain bills may, indeed, prove unpredictable, but the costs of an open source, transparent process are worth it for the benefits of greater inclusion and more diverse voices and views and for the opportunity such a process would offer to rebuild the internal and the external trust needed to govern with legitimacy. 
My friend and colleague, the junior 
Senator from Kentucky, has referred to a story of which I have become quite fond, a story that I have written about and talked about in various venues throughout my State and throughout America. It relates to a lawmaker, a lawmaker who served several hundred years ago, a lawmaker named John Wilkes—not to be confused with John Wilkes Booth, Lincoln’s assassin. This John Wilkes served in the English Par-liament in the late 1700s. 
In 1763, John Wilkes found himself at 
the receiving end of anger and resent-ment by the administration of King George III. King George III and his ministers were angry with John Wilkes. 
At the time, there were these weekly 
news circulars, weekly news magazines that went out and would often just extol the virtues of King George III and his ministers. One of them was called the Briton. The Briton was written, produced, and published by those who were loyal to the King, and they would say only glowing things about the King. They would write things about the King saying: Oh, the King is fan-tastic. The King can do no wrong. Had sliced bread been invented as of 1763, I am sure the Briton would have re-ported that the King was the greatest thing since sliced bread. All they could say were nice things about the King be-
cause they were written by the King’s people. 
Well, John Wilkes decided to buck 
that trend. He started his own weekly circular called the North Briton. The North Briton took a different angle. The North Briton took the angle that it was supposed to be in the interests of the people that he reported the news and that he made commentary. So in the North Briton John Wilkes would occasionally be so bold as to criticize or question King George III and the ac-tions of the King and of the King’s ministers. 
This proved problematic for some in 
the administration of King George III. The last straw seemed to come with the publication of the 45th edition of the North Briton, North Briton No. 45. When North Briton No. 45 was released, the King and his ministers went crazy. Before long, John Wilkes found himself arrested. John Wilkes found himself subjected to a very invasive search pur-suant to a particular type of warrant. It had become, unfortunately, all to common in that era, a type of warrant we will refer to as a general warrant. Rather than naming a particular place or a particular person where things would be searched and seized, this war-rant simply identified an offense and said: Go after anyone and everyone who might in some way be involved in it. It gave unfettered, unlimited discre-tion to those executing and enforcing this warrant as to how and where and with respect to whom this warrant might be executed. 
So they went through his house even 
though he was not named in the war-rant, even though his home, his ad-dress, was not identified in the war-rant. They searched through every-thing. John Wilkes was, understand-ably, outraged by this, as were people throughout the city of London when they became aware of it. John Wilkes, while in jail, decided he was going to fight back. He fought in open court the terms and the conditions of his arrest. He ended up fighting against this gen-eral warrant. He eventually won his freedom. 
Over time, he was reelected repeat-
edly to Parliament. In time, he also brought a civil suit against King George III’s ministers who were in-volved in the execution of this general warrant, and he won. He was awarded 4,000 pounds, which was a very substan-tial sum of money at the time. The other people who were subjected to the same type of search under the same general warrant were also awarded a recovery under this same theory, to the point that in present-day terms, there were many millions of dollars that had to be paid out by King George III and his ministers to the plaintiffs who sued under this theory that they were unlawfully subjected to a search under a general warrant. 
In time, the number 45, in connection 
with the North Briton No. 45—the pub-lication that had sparked this whole inquiry—the number 45 became syn-
onymous with the name John Wilkes, and then John Wilkes in turn became synonymous with the cause of liberty. People throughout Britain and throughout America would celebrate the cause of freedom by celebrating the number 45. It was not uncommon for people to buy drinks for their 45 closest friends. It was not uncommon to write the number 45 on the side of buildings, taverns, saloons. It was not uncommon for the number 45 to be raised in con-nection with cries for the cause of lib-erty. So the number 45, the name John Wilkes, and the cause of liberty all be-came wrapped up into one. 
It was against this backdrop that the 
United States was becoming its own Nation. When it did become its own Na-tion, when we adopted a Constitution, and when we decided shortly thereafter to adopt a Bill of Rights, one of the very first amendments we adopted was the Fourth Amendment. The Fourth Amendment responded to this par-ticular call for freedom by guaran-teeing that in the United States we would not have general warrants. The Fourth Amendment makes that clear. It contains a particularity requirement stating that any persons or things sub-ject to search warrants would have to be described with particularity. The persons would have to be identified or at least an area or a set of objects would have to be identified rather than the government just saying: Go after anyone and everyone who might be connected with this offense or with this series of events. 
At that time, there were no such 
things as telephones. Those would not come along for a very long time. They certainly did not imagine, could not have imagined, the types of commu-nications devices we have today. Nev-ertheless, the principles that they em-braced at the time are still valid today, and they are still relevant today. The principles embodied in the Fourth Amendment are still very much appli-cable today. The freedom we embraced then is still embraced today by the American people, who, when they be-come aware of it, tend to be offended by the notion that the NSA can go out and get an order that requires the pro-viders of telephone services to just give up all of their data, give up all of their calling records, to give those over to a government agency that will then put them into a database and keep track of where everyone’s telephone calls have gone. 
The idea behind this program is to 
build and maintain a database storing information regarding each call you have made and each call that has been made to you, what time each call oc-curred, and how long it lasted. This is an extraordinary amount of informa-tion, information that, while perhaps relatively innocuous in small pieces, when put together in a single data-base—one that includes potentially more than 300 million Americans, one that goes back 5 years at a time—can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.076 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3134 May 20, 2015 
be used or could easily be abused in 
such a way that would allow the gov-ernment to paint a painfully clear por-trait, a silhouette of every American. Some researchers have suggested, for example, that through metadata alone, it could be ascertained how old you are, what your political views are, your religious affiliation, what activities you engage in, the condition of your health, and all other kinds of personal information. 
One of the reasons this is distressing 
is, that, unlike a program that would involve listening to the content of your telephone calls—which, of course, is not at issue with respect to this pro-gram—all of this can be done with a high degree of automation, such that those intent on abuses could do so with relative ease, with the type of ease that they would not have access to ab-sent this type of automation. 
Sometimes people are inclined to ask 
me: Where is the evidence that this particular program is being abused? What can you point to that suggests anyone has used this for a nefarious po-litical purpose or for some other ille-gitimate purpose not connected with protecting American national security? 
I have a few responses to them. First 
and foremost, we do need to look to the Constitution, both to the letter and spirit of that founding document that has fostered the development of the greatest civilization the world has ever known. It isn’t important for its own sake simply because we have taken an oath to uphold, protect, and defend it as Members of this body. The Constitu-tion is an end unto itself. It is impor-tant that we follow it regardless of whether we can point to some par-ticular respect in which this particular program has been abused. 
Secondly, even if we assume, even if 
we stipulate for purposes of this discus-sion that no one within the NSA is cur-rently abusing this program for nefar-ious political purposes or otherwise, even if we assume no one within the NSA currently is even capable of abus-ing or has any inclination to abuse this program at any point in the future, I would ask the question: Can we say we are certain that will always be the case? Who is to say what might happen 1 year from now, 2 years from now, 5 years, 10 years or 15 years from now? 
We know how these things happen. 
We understand something about human nature. We understand what happens to human beings as soon as they get a lit-tle bit of power. They tend to abuse it. 
Remember the investigation brought 
about by Senator Frank Church in the 1970s. Senator Frank Church, when he investigated wiretap abuses—abuses of technology that was still only a few decades old back in the 1970s when this occurred—the Church Committee con-cluded, among other things, that every Presidential administration from FDR through Richard Nixon had abused our Nation’s investigative and counter-intelligence agencies for partisan, po-litical purposes to engage in political espionage. Every single one of those 
administrations from FDR to Nixon had done that. 
In that sense, we have seen this 
movie before. We know how it ends. We know that even though the people working at the NSA today might well have only the noblest of intentions, over time these kinds of programs can be abused, and we know a lot of people in America understand the potential for this abuse. 
Thirdly, I have to point out that the 
NSA currently is collecting metadata only with respect to phone calls. But under the same reading of section 215 of the PATRIOT Act that the NSA has used to collect this metadata—a read-ing with which I disagree and a reading with which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit disagreed in its thoughtful, well-written opinion just about 2 weeks ago—even though the NSA is currently collecting only tele-phone call metadata right now, there is nothing about the way the NSA reads section 215 of the PATRIOT Act—which is incorrect, by the way, an incorrect reading—but there is nothing about that reading that would limit the NSA to collecting only metadata related to telephone calls. 
So who is to say the NSA might de-
cide tomorrow or next year or a couple of years from now—if we reauthorize this—or at some point down the road during a period of reauthorization, that the NSA will not decide at that point to begin collecting other types of metadata, not just telephone call metadata but perhaps credit card metadata, metadata regarding people who reserve hotels online, regarding emails that people send or receive, re-garding Web sites that people visit on-line, regarding online transactions that occur. Those are all different types of metadata. 
Now, again, I disagree with the NSA’s 
legal interpretation of section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. I think they are abusing it. I think they are misusing it. I think they have dangerously mis-construed it, just as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit con-cluded a few weeks ago. But this is their interpretation. And if we reau-thorize this, are we not reauthorizing, in some respects, or at least enabling them to continue this? I don’t think we are validating or ratifying what they are doing. 
Their interpretation of it is still 
wrong, but we are enabling them to en-gage in a continued ongoing practice of abuse of the plain language of section 215, which requires that anything they collect be relevant to an investigation. 
Well, their interpretation of ‘‘rel-
evant to the investigation’’ is we might at some point in the future deem this material relevant to what we might at some point in the future be inves-tigating. That cannot plausibly, under any interpretation of the word ‘‘rel-evance,’’ be acceptable. And it was on that basis that the Second Circuit re-jected the NSA’s interpretation. In any event, that same interpreta-
tion will still be the NSA’s interpreta-tion if, in fact, we reauthorize this. 
There is nothing stopping the NSA 
from using that same interpretation— mistaken interpretation but an inter-pretation nonetheless—of section 215 in a way that would allow—there is noth-ing stopping them from using that same misinterpretation of a statutory language for the purposes of gathering metadata on credit card usage, on on-line activity, on emails sent online and received. From that you can discern even more information about a per-son’s profile. You can come up with a very frighteningly accurate picture of anyone based on that kind of metadata, just as you can now, but that would give them an even bigger picture. That would be an even greater affront to the privacy interests of the American people. 
All of this relates back to the idea 
that the government shouldn’t be able to go out and say: Here is a court order. We want all of your information. We want all of your data. Just give it to us because we might want it later. 
This type of dragnet operation is in-
compatible with our legal system. It is incompatible with hundreds of years of Anglo-American legal precedence. It is incompatible with the spirit, if not the letter, of the U.S. Constitution, and it is not something we should embrace. 
At the end of the day, we need to do 
something with this program. Not ev-eryone in this Chamber agrees on what that something is, and not everyone in this Chamber who believes we need re-form or who believes the NSA’s pro-gram of bulk metadata collection is wrong agrees on the same solution. But the way for us to get to a solution must involve open, transparent debate and discussion, and it absolutely should involve an open amendment process. 
So if there are those who have con-
cerns with the legislation passed by the House of Representatives last week by a vote of 338 to 88, I welcome their input. I welcome any amendments they may have. I welcome the opportunity to make the bill better, to make it more compatible with this or that in-terest, to make it do a better job of balancing the privacy and national se-curity interests at stake. 
But we have to have that debate and 
discussion, and we have to have that process in order for the American peo-ple to be well represented and well served. We cannot continue to function by cliff. 
Government-by-cliff is a recipe for 
disaster. Government-by-cliff results in a take-it-or-leave-it, one-size-fits-all binary set of choices that disserve the American people. Government-by-cliff all too frequently results in temporary extensions rather than some type of lasting legislative solution that can 
help the American people feel more comfortable that they are being well represented. 
So I would ask my distinguished col-
league, my friend the junior Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.078 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3135 May 20, 2015 
from Kentucky, if there are not ways 
in which we could come to an agree-ment, if we as a body couldn’t come to an agreement on how best to resolve this difficult circumstance, if the cause of protecting American national secu-rity is irreconcilably in conflict with the privacy interests that are part of the Fourth Amendment and, most im-portantly, I would ask my friend from Kentucky if privacy isn’t, in fact, part of our security rather than being in conflict with it. 
I would be interested in any thoughts 
my friend from Kentucky might have on that issue. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Utah makes a very good point and also asks some very good questions. 
In saying that we tend to work 
against headlines here, I often say we lurch from deadline to deadline, and the American people wonder what the heck we are doing in between the dead-lines. 
The PATRIOT Act has been due to 
expire for 3 years. It is on a sunset of 3 years. We knew 3 years ago that this debate was coming. There should be plenty of time and, I think, adequate time to discuss issues that affect the Bill of Rights, that affect rights that were encoded into our Constitution from the very beginning. 
So I think without question the issue 
is of great importance and then we should debate it. But too often budg-etary measures—or maybe this meas-ure—get so crowded up against dead-lines that people are like: Oh, we don’t have time for amendments. The prob-lem is, if you don’t have amendments, you are not really having debate. 
I think the Senator characterized 
very well that we both agree the bulk collection of data is wrong. We think that goes against the spirit and the let-ter of the Constitution. 
However, at least half of us that we 
would encounter in this body don’t even agree with that supposition. They believe, as many of them have pointed out, we are not collecting enough, and they don’t care how we collect it, let’s just collect more. 
So we are on different sides of opin-
ion, two groups here. And then some of us aren’t exactly on the same page as to the solution, but we agree on the problem. I think you could work through to the solution if you all agreed it is a problem and that the American people think we have gone too far. 
I think that is what the purpose of 
some of this debate today is, hopefully to draw in the American public and have them call their legislators and say: Enough is enough. You shouldn’t be collecting my data unless you sus-pect me of a crime, unless my name is on the warrant. Unless you had a judge sign the warrant for me, you shouldn’t be collecting all the data of all Ameri-cans all the time. 
I think part of our problem is the 
deadlines, and part of the reason I am here today is that I have been working 
on five or six amendments for a year now with Senator W
YDEN , so we have 
bipartisan support for a series of amendments. These are what we think would be best to fix this problem. Cer-tainly, when we have had 3 years to wait for this moment, we ought to have enough time to vote on five or six amendments. 
So that is really, I think, what we 
are asking of the leadership of both sides—is permission. Because, really, in this body, everybody has to agree to let you vote on something or no votes hap-pen. 
We have done a better job this year. 
We are voting on more amendments, but this is still one of those occasions where we are butting up against a deadline. My fear is that without ex-traordinary measures—which I am hopefully trying to do today—that we may not get a vote on amendments and we may not get adequate time to de-bate this, I think, important issue. 
Some of the amendments we have 
been interested in presenting as a way to fix this—so first you have to agree with what the problem is. We think the problem is that the government shouldn’t collect all of your phone records all of the time without putting your name on a warrant, without tell-ing a judge that they have suspicion that you have committed a crime. We think that collecting everyone’s phone records all of the time without sus-picion is sort of like a general warrant. It is like a writ of assistance, it is like what James Otis fought against, it is like what John Adams said was the spark that led to the American Revolu-tion. 
So we think the American people 
also believe this, that the American people believe their records shouldn’t be collected in bulk, that there should not be this enormous gathering of our records. 
What we need to do is get to a con-
sensus where everybody agrees that is a problem. But the body is still divided. About half of the Senate believes we should collect more records, that we are not invading your privacy enough, that privacy doesn’t matter—that, by golly, let the government collect all of your records to be safe. 
Well, when the privacy commission 
looked at this, when Senator W
YDEN  
looked at this, and when other people who have the intimate knowledge looked at this, their conclusion was that the bulk collection of our records, this invasion of privacy, isn’t even working, that we aren’t capturing ter-rorists we wouldn’t have caught other-wise by this information. So the prac-tical argument that says we will give up our privacy to keep us safe, even that argument is not a valid argument. 
But we have been looking at some of 
the possible solutions—and I see the Senator from New Mexico and would be pleased to entertain a question if he has a question. 
(Mr. LEE assumed the Chair.) Mr. HEINRICH. Yes. I thank my 
friend from Kentucky and ask him if he would yield for a question without los-ing his right to the floor. 
I want to start out by prefacing this 
for a few minutes, from my limited ex-perience—just over the past a little over 2 years, and I am on the Intel-ligence Committee now—by saying there is simply no question that our Nation’s intelligence professionals are incredibly dedicated, patriotic men and women who make real sacrifices to keep our country safe and free and, in that, they should be able to do their job, secure in the knowledge that their agencies have the confidence of the American people. And Congress—those of us here—needs to preserve the abil-ity of those agencies to collect infor-mation that is truly necessary to guard against real threats to our national se-curity. 
The Framers of the Constitution, as 
my colleague from Kentucky knows, declared that government officials had no power—no power—to seize the records of individual Americans with-out evidence of wrongdoing. And it was so important that they literally en-shrined and embedded this principle in the Fourth Amendment to the Con-stitution. 
In my view, the bulk collection of 
Americans’ private telephone records by the NSA in this program clearly violates the spirit—if not the letter—of the intentions of the Framers here. 
Just 6 months after my first Senate 
intelligence briefing, former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden leaked documents that ex-posed the NSA’s massive collection of Americans’ cell phone and Internet data. And as my friend from Kentucky said, not just a few Americans but lit-erally millions of innocent Americans were caught up in what is effectively a dragnet program. 
It was made clear to the public that 
the government had convinced the FISA Court to accept a sweeping rein-terpretation of section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act, which ignited, in my view, a very necessary and long overdue pub-lic conversation about the trade-offs made by our government between pro-tecting our Nation and respecting our constitutional liberties. 
I think well-intentioned leaders had, 
during the previous decade, come down decidedly on the side of national secu-rity with a willingness to sacrifice pri-vacy protections in the process. And what became obvious was that because of our continued lack of knowledge of Al Qaeda and other terrorist organiza-tions, some within our government be-lieved we still needed to collect every scrap of information available in order to ensure that, should we ever need it, we could query this information and track down U.S.-based threats. In doing so, the government ended up col-lecting billions of call data records, linked in case after case after case not to terrorists but to innocent Ameri-cans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.081 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3136 May 20, 2015 
Wisconsin Republican Congressman 
JIMSENSENBRENNER , who I served with 
in the House of Representatives, who was one of the authors of the original underlying legislation—the PATRIOT Act itself—said a couple of years ago: ‘‘The PATRIOT Act never would have passed . . . had there been any inclina-tion at all that it would have author-ized bulk collections.’’ 
As this debate increasingly moved to 
the public sphere, I joined my col-leagues on the Select Committee on In-telligence—Senator W
YDEN , who was 
just here on the floor a few minutes ago, and former Senator Mark Udall— in pressing the NSA and the Director of National Intelligence for some clear examples in which the bulk informa-tion collected under this metadata pro-gram, under section 215, was uniquely responsible for the capture of a ter-rorist or the thwarting of a terrorist plot. They could not provide any—not a single solitary example—nor could they make a case for why the govern-ment had to hold the data itself and why for so long. 
Thankfully, a review panel set up by 
President Obama agreed with us and recommended that the government end its bulk collection of telephone metadata. 
I will admit, however—and my friend 
from Kentucky has brought this up on several occasions already—that I am incredibly disappointed that the Presi-dent hasn’t simply used his existing authority to unilaterally roll back some of the unnecessary blanket metadata collection. Some have claimed this inaction is evidence that the President secretly supports main-taining the current program as is. That, however, is nonsense. 
The President has asked Congress to 
give him additional authorities so that he can carry out the program in an ef-fective manner, and the USA Freedom Act seeks to do just that. 
The Republican-led House of Rep-
resentatives last week passed that bill—the USA Freedom Act—by a vote of 338 to 88, with large majorities from both parties. At a time when everyone believes we agree on nothing, large ma-jorities of Republicans and Democrats supported that piece of legislation. 
Further, the Second Circuit Court of 
Appeals ruling that the NSA is vio-lating the law by collecting millions of Americans’ phone records is even more proof that we have gone too far and need to recalibrate and, in my view, refocus our efforts. Why on Earth, I would ask, would we extend a law that this court has found to be illegal? 
Given the overwhelming evidence 
that the current bulk collection pro-gram is not only unnecessary but also illegal, I think we have reached a crit-ical turning point, and I want to thank my colleague from Kentucky for com-ing to the floor to force us all to have this conversation. We have kicked the can down the road too many times on this particular issue, and I believe it is time to finally end the bulk collection of these phone records and instead 
focus more narrowly on the records of actual terrorists. 
Americans value their independence. 
I know this is especially true in my home State of New Mexico. They cher-ish their right to privacy that is guar-anteed by our Constitution. But some of our colleagues still think it is OK for the government to collect and hold millions of private records from inno-cent citizens and to search those records at will. 
The majority leader is asking us to 
act quickly to reauthorize. I believe it would be a grave mistake to reauthor-ize the existing PATRIOT Act, and I join my colleagues in blocking any ex-tension of the law that does not in-clude major reforms, including an end to bulk collection. 
I think we can and we must balance 
government’s need to keep our Nation safe with its sacred duty to protect our constitutionally guaranteed liberties. And I guess this brings me to my ques-tion for the Senator from Kentucky. 
How on Earth can you possibly 
square what the Fourth Amendment says, in terms of our papers and our ability to control our own effects with-out a warrant, with the government’s bulk collection of phone records of law- abiding American citizens? 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I thank the 
Senator from New Mexico for that great question. 
I think there is no way we can square 
this bulk collection with the Fourth Amendment. I think part of the prob-lem, though, is that we, over a long pe-riod of time, diminished the protec-tions of records held by third parties. And I think one of the debates we need to get hopefully to the Supreme Court sometime soon is whether you give up your privacy interest in records that are held by third parties. 
I think there will come a time that 
your papers, once held in your house— there are no papers in your house. There may not be paper. But there is still the concept of records. Records were traditionally on paper, and they were traditionally in your house. But now your most private papers are held digitally by your phone, and then by the people who are in charge of the dif-ferent organizations such as phone, email, et cetera. 
I think there has to be Fourth 
Amendment protection of these. Those who look at the court cases, and go back to probably the last important case, the Maryland v. Smith case, often say there is no Fourth Amendment protection at all for these records. In fact, the government will tell you they can do whatever they want with email, with text, and with all of these things. And I am not convinced they are not using other programs, such as this Ex-ecutive order program, to actually col-lect many other kinds of metadata other than phone calls. 
So I am very worried about it. I 
think we need help from the courts. But we need help from the legislative body to represent the will of the peo-
ple. And I think the will of the people is very clear that the majority of peo-ple think we have gone too far and that we need to stop this indiscriminate vacuuming up of all Americans’ phone records regardless of whether there is suspicion. 
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I 
would ask the Senator from Kentucky an additional question. I found it very helpful before I came to the floor today—and I want to thank my col-league again for raising these critical issues—to go back and read the Fourth Amendment, and I thought it would be worthwhile just to briefly read that once again here on the floor because I think it really puts you in the mind of some of the greatest Americans who ever lived. 
Our Framers wrote a constitution 
that has survived for well over 200 years now. It has survived Republicans. It has survived Democrats. It has sur-vived political parties that came and went, and it has survived great con-flicts time and again. 
The Fourth Amendment says: ‘‘The 
right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and sei-zures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirma-tion, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ 
I would ask my friend from Kentucky 
his views on the resilience of this con-stitutional document and how he can possibly read the actual text of this Fourth Amendment without realizing that those Framers really meant for this to apply into the future to things that we hadn’t foreseen yet but using the broadest terminology available, such as words like effects and papers? 
I yield the floor and thank the Sen-
ator from Kentucky once again. This is one of those issues that unite people on the left and the right, Republicans and Democrats, who care deeply about our national security but also care about our constitutional liberties. I think the time to fix this is upon us. And without shining a light on this, we certainly are not going to be able to make the progress we need. We have an oppor-tunity here, and we should seize it. 
I yield the floor to the Senator from 
Kentucky. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I thank the 
Senator from New Mexico for coming down and for being a great supporter of the Fourth Amendment. 
One of the things I think is inter-
esting is that in our current culture we seem to devalue the Fourth Amend-ment. You go to—at least on our side— all kinds of groupings and gatherings, and there is a lot of talk of the Second Amendment, talk of the First Amend-ment, but there hasn’t been so much of the Fourth Amendment until we got to this point with the collection of data seeming to be running amok. 
One of our Founding Fathers was 
George Mason. He was considered to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.083 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3137 May 20, 2015 
an anti-Federalist. He was a guy who 
really stood on principle, but also he was a guy who had the audacity to ac-tually not sign the Constitution, even though he was asked and he was there and could have. 
On September 17, 1787, he refused to 
sign the Constitution and returned to his native State as an outspoken oppo-nent of the ratification contest. His ob-jection to the proposed Constitution was that it lacked a declaration of rights. Mason felt that a declaration of rights—or what we call a bill of rights—was a necessity in order to curb Federal overreach. 
Mason, though, was also famous for 
being an author of the Virginia Dec-laration of Rights, which was written a decade or so before our Constitution and upon which many things were based. He wrote in the first paragraph of the U.S. Declaration of Independence something similar to what we hear in the Declaration of Independence: 
That all men are by nature equally free 
and independent, and have certain inherent rights, of which, when they enter into a state of society, they cannot by any compact de-prive or divest their posterity; namely, the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the means of acquiring and possessing property, and pursuing and obtaining happiness and safety. 
In the Declaration of Rights, which 
comes from 1776, for Virginia, he also was instrumental in including article IX. Article IX is basically the pre-cursor to the Fourth Amendment. In it, he wrote: 
That general warrants, whereby any officer 
or messenger may be commanded to search suspected places without evidence of a fact committed, or to seize any person or persons not named, or whose offence is not particu-larly described and supported by evidence, are grievous and oppressive, and ought not to be granted. 
So from the very beginning, the 
Fourth Amendment was a big deal. It was a big enough deal that the fact that it wasn’t included caused George Mason to say he couldn’t sign the Con-stitution. It was a big enough deal that this debate went on for a while, and fi-nally the resolution of getting the Con-stitution included that there would ul-timately be a Bill of Rights. Thomas Jefferson wrote about the Bill of Rights. He said: 
A bill of rights is what the people are enti-
tled to against every government on earth, general or particular, and what no just gov-ernment should refuse, or rest on inferences. 
I like the way he put it: A Bill of 
Rights is what the people are entitled to against every government. It is a protection. 
Jefferson also described the Constitu-
tion as the chains of the Constitution. The chains were to bind government and to prevent government from abus-ing its authority. 
When we have adhered to this, when 
we paid strict attention to it, we have maximized our freedom. When we have let our guard down, when we have al-lowed our guard to stray away, when we have allowed the government to usurp authority to gain and grab and 
take more power, it has been at the ex-pense of freedom. 
I think we can be safe and have our 
freedom as well. I think we can obey the Constitution and catch terrorists at the same time. I think, in fact, frankly—strictly from a practical point of view—I think we gain more informa-
tion by using the Constitution. By hav-ing less indiscriminate collection of data and by having more collection of discriminating data—data that is based on suspicion, data that is based on tips, data that is based on human intel-ligence, data that we can focus all of our human energy on—I think we actu-ally will catch more terrorists. I think there has been instance after instance after instance where we did have infor-mation on terrorists and we failed to act, perhaps because we are spending so much time and so much energy on the indiscriminate collection of data. 
William Brennan is one of our famous 
Justices, and he said of the Framers: 
The Framers of the Bill of Rights did not 
purport to ‘‘create’’ rights. Rather, they de-signed the Bill of Rights to prohibit our Gov-ernment from infringing rights and liberties presumed to be preexisting. 
We didn’t create the rights. Govern-
ment didn’t create your rights. Your rights come naturally to you. For those of us who believe in a Creator, they come from our Creator. But they are important to protect. They should be protected against all forms of even majority. It is why some of us think it very important to say that we are a Republic, we are not a democracy; that no majority should be able to take away our rights. That is why this is important. I think these questions ulti-mately get to the Supreme Court. Be-cause no matter what the majority says here, no matter what the majority of the legislature says, the Bill of Rights lists and codifies rights that cannot and should not be taken away by a majority: the rights that we have to be left alone—as Justice Brandeis said, the most cherished of rights, the right to be left alone. But this debate is a long and ongoing debate. For near-ly 100 years, from the Olmstead case in 1928 to the present, we have had a dis-cussion and a struggle and a con-troversy over what parts of our con-versations are to be protected and what parts are not to be protected. 
I think a lot of our problems really 
originated with going the wrong way in 1928 with the Olmstead case because we went for a long period of time—we went for two generations thinking that your phone calls were not private and that your phone calls were not pro-tected by the Fourth Amendment. Then, we finally got to the 1960s, and we reversed that and we said your con-versations are to be protected. But within a decade we made the wrong de-cision again and said that your records are not to be protected—that your Fourth Amendment, your records once held by the phone company, aren’t to be protected. I think that was a mis-take. I think it is also a mistake to think 
we are literally talking about paper in your house because there is quickly coming a time in which technology will be such that there will be no pa-pers. Papers will be another word for ‘‘records,’’ but your records will not be kept in your house. 
They already aren’t. There was a dis-
cussion of this in whether we can search a person’s individual phone, and the Court did rule I think in an accu-rate way. The Court and one of the Jus-tices said that, basically, the informa-tion found on your phone is more per-sonal and more extensive than prob-ably any papers that were ever in any home in a time before electronics. So we are going to have to catch up to electronics, we are going to have to catch up to the digital age, and we are going to have to decide does the indi-vidual maintain a privacy interest and/ or a property interest. 
I, frankly, think that when the phone 
company holds my records, that they are partly mine; that there is a prop-erty interest and a privacy interest I haven’t relinquished. Unless I have given explicit permission, I don’t think I have given up my privacy. In fact, many times it is the opposite. 
Many times what we have actually 
said is, when I agree to do banking with you or I agree to have you hold my telephone calls or I agree to do Internet searches with you, I have an explicit agreement often. The agree-ment is so explicit to defend my pri-vacy that when they don’t, they are ac-tually fearful of being sued. And so all of this craziness, all of this overreach, all of this loss of our privacy comes with a little additional caveat that is written into all the laws and everybody is clamoring for and it is what they want now—liability protection. They want to be able to violate their privacy agreement. So we give them liability protection. They don’t want to be sued, but they realize they are violating and could be accused of violating our pri-vacy agreement. 
So as much as I hate and despise friv-
olous lawsuits, the threat of suing somebody causes them to obey their contract. If they don’t have the threat—if you say: Well, we are going to have contracts, but we are not going to enforce them with the threat of a lawsuit, then contracts become mean-ingless. So it is really important that as we move forward, we try to say to people the privacy agreement you signed is a real document, it is a real contract, and it should be protected. 
When referring to the Bill of Rights, 
Gen. Smedley Butler, who was a two- time Medal of Honor winner and a Bre-vet Medal of Honor winner, said: 
There are only two things we should fight 
for. One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights. 
When I have talked to the young men 
and women who have fought bravely for our country—young men and women who have lost limbs, families of those who have lost lives—that is what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.084 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3138 May 20, 2015 
I hear from every one of them. I hear 
from them that they were fighting to defend the Bill of Rights. They were fighting to defend our Constitution. 
What saddens me is that while they 
were fighting for our Constitution, while they were fighting for our Bill of Rights, their legislators weren’t fight-ing for the Bill of Rights. Their legisla-tors were turning the other way. Their legislators were so fearful of attack that they gave up on the Bill of Rights and said: Here is my liberty, just give me security. This is a longstanding de-bate. Franklin had it right—those who are willing to give up their liberty may end up with neither. 
Now, some would ask: Why am I here 
today? What do I propose to get out of this? Is there an end point when I will go home and be quiet and quit talking about the Bill of Rights? 
I think there could be. I think if the 
leadership of both parties in the Senate would agree to have a debate on the PATRIOT Act, if they would agree to have amendments and have votes—and I will give some examples of some things that we think—most of these will ultimately be introduced in all likelihood by Senator W
YDEN and I. I 
will start with the first one. This is based upon an amendment that he and I have worked on together. This amendment would prohibit mandates on companies that alter their products to enable government surveillance. So this amendment prohibits any man-dates from government agencies re-quiring private companies to alter their security features—their source code—to allow the government to get into their stuff and into your lives. 
This amendment would apply to com-
puter services, hardware, software, and electronic devices made available to the general public. 
Currently, the government is requir-
ing and sometimes telling companies they can’t even tell you this. They are requiring access to certain products. There have been stories of them insert-ing malware on Facebook, giving you access to Facebook, and then getting into your Facebook account through the Facebook code source. I know Facebook has objected to this and fought them on this, but our amend-ment would say that the government just can’t do this. The government can-not force different social networking sites and different Internet software cannot force them to give the govern-ment access indiscriminately. 
The question would be: Can the gov-
ernment require things specifically? Absolutely, yes. Present evidence to get a warrant, and realize that when they want to make you so afraid that you give up all your records, realize that warrants aren’t hard to get. The FISA warrants are almost without question agreed to, maybe to a fault. Ninety-nine percent-plus of all the war-rants ever requested are granted. I think it is not too much of a step to say we should ask and request war-rants. The second amendment we would 
consider putting forward, if we were al-lowed to and allowed to have votes on, would replace the PATRIOT Act exten-sion with comprehensive surveillance reform. We would replace the extension of expiring authorities with substantial reforms, as originally proposed by Sen-ators W
YDEN and P AUL and others in 
the Intelligence Oversight and Surveil-lance Act of 2013. 
This amendment would end bulk col-
lection and replace it with nothing. We would close the section 702 backdoor search loophole, which allows the gov-ernment to say they are searching for-eigners’ records but in reality gather up 90 percent of the records being American records and called inci-dental. We would close this backdoor loophole where actually American records are being collected, not foreign records. We would create a constitu-tional advocate to argue before the FISA Court, before the intelligence court. 
The reason I think this is necessary 
is that the court has somewhat become a rubberstamp for the government, and we aren’t allowing any kind of oppos-ing arguments and we really aren’t having any argument. For example, we have loosened the standard from the constitutional standard, which is prob-able cause, and we have said it is rel-evant. So we get to relevance. But when you come before the court, I don’t think anybody is debating or being asked to prove whether it is rel-evant. Certainly they must not because they are somehow approving the collec-tion of everybody’s records in the United States—which I don’t know of anybody who believes the word ‘‘rel-evant’’ can include everybody. 
So if we had an advocate or we had 
someone to say this is the other side— I think it is really important. I am not a lawyer, but I understand they argue with each other all the time and you are supposed to figure out the truth. You argue and advocate for your side, and then somehow you apply the truth or people arbitrate what they think the truth is from this discussion. If only the government argues, you can’t get even any sense or form of what truth is. 
So what we would argue in our sec-
ond amendment is that you actually have an advocate that argues on that side. I would go further, though, and say that not only do you have an advo-cate, you should have an avenue for ap-peal. 
I am with Senator W
YDEN . I want to 
protect all the people doing this. I don’t want any names revealed. I don’t want any agents revealed. I don’t want to endanger the people who are risking their lives for our country to gain in-telligence. But I do think the law in general can be debated. Senator W
YDEN  
talked about how the law doesn’t need to be secret; the operations need to be secret. 
So we can protect all of that. But I 
think the law should be debated. For example, the question now whether you 
have any privacy interest in your third-party-held records—whether the Fourth Amendment protects these at all, that is our constitutional question. That should not be decided in secret, and you really can’t have justice de-cided in secret. 
The other part of our amendment 
would give Americans spied on by the government standing to sue in court and end the practice of reverse tar-geting, under which the government targets the communication of an American without a warrant by tar-geting the non-U.S. person they speak to. By some reports, it is even worse than that. I mentioned earlier that an enormous amount of what the PA-TRIOT Act does—which is supposed to go after foreigners—is actually being used domestically for drug crimes. 
There have been reports that the in-
formation is being gathered through an intelligence warrant, and then they go back with the traditional warrant after they have gotten information through a lower standard—through a nontradi-tional, nonconstitutional investiga-tion. Then they go back, and they get the warrant after using this informa-tion or they recreate the scenario in order to get the information they need. Then they do not tell the judges they got the information through the intel-ligence angle. 
Another amendment that we would 
like to ask the leadership of both sides if they would let us introduce it and if we were allowed to debate this and have an open amendment process would be that the warrantless crime could not be used against Americans in nonterror criminal cases. 
This was originally the way it was. 
This is why you have to worry about the slippery slope. Back in the 1970s, they said: OK, we are going to have a different standard to get foreign tar-iffs. Even I, who want to keep good standards, can accept a little bit of that—a slightly lower standard for peo-ple who do not live here and are not American citizens and are not part of our country. It has its dangers, but even I might be able to accept that. But what I cannot accept is that you lower the constitutional standard. You are going to use a terrorist warrant that has a lower procedural hurdle, and then you are going to use it for domes-tic crime. 
That is exactly what is going on now. 
We should be appalled that they de-stroyed the Fourth Amendment for certain crimes and we did not do any-thing about it. 
Section 213 of the PATRIOT Act is 
called sneak-and-peek. The govern-ment can go into your house and never tell you they were there. They can look through all of your records. They can steal stuff. They can replace it. They can do all kinds of things and place lis-tening devices—all without ever telling you. 
This is in contradiction to what most 
people have accepted the Fourth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.086 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3139 May 20, 2015 
Amendment to be. But if you look at 
who is being convicted with section 213, 99.5 percent of the people are for drugs, for domestic crime. What we have done 
is that we have taken a domestic crime and we say the Constitution no longer applies. We basically got rid of the Fourth Amendment for these crimes. 
For about 11,000 people a year, the 
Constitution no longer applies to them. We are using a lower standard. If you want to make this even worse, think about who is being convicted of drug crimes in our country. Three out of four people being convicted of drug crimes in our country are Black or Brown. But if you ask who are the kids who are using drugs, equal numbers of White and Black kids are using drugs. But three out of four people in jail are Black or Brown. Then you find out that not only have we messed up the war on drugs such that it has a racial element to it, but we are now using a lower standard that is not the Constitution, and the end result is a racial outcome. 
This is an enormous problem. Re-
lated to so much of what is going on in our country, so much of the anger you are seeing in our cities comes from this injustice. You now have people going to jail. You have people going to jail for 15, 20, 30 years. 
There is a woman by the name of 
Mary Martinson from Mason County, IA. Her mother just died recently. They let her out of prison for a couple of hours. Her dad is getting older, and she wishes she had been there to help her parents. She did mess up. She was a drug addict. Her boyfriend was a drug addict. They had guns in the home. They were selling the drugs. He was a meth addict. She was probably going to die if she stayed on the drugs, so it was good that she got off the drugs. She got caught. She got 15 years in prison. 
You can kill somebody in Kentucky 
and be out on parole in 12 years. Yet we put this woman in jail for an addiction. She had never been convicted of any other crime. No judge in their right mind would have ever given her 15 years—nobody would have. The judges basically are telling the defendants and telling the press: I would never do this. This is the wrong thing to do, but I am forced to do this. Compound this with the fact that the war on drugs has had a racial outcome. You put the two to-gether and you say: Well, we are no longer obeying the Constitution, and there is a racial outcome. 
Where is the hue and cry? Where is the President on this issue? I have talked to the President about 
criminal justice. I think he sincerely wants to help. But here is the thing. The President could today stop this program. He could stop collecting stuff through the sneak-and-peek. He can say we are no longer going to do the bulk collection. Most of these things originated out of Executive order. He could stop these any time he wanted to. We would stop it. We would say no more spying against Americans and no more use of this information for non-terror criminal cases. We have another amendment that 
goes to the heart of what I think should be decided by the Supreme Court. We call this the amendment that would protect the privacy of Americans’ records held by third par-ties. I think that your records do re-tain a privacy interest. This amend-ment—should the leadership agree to allow us to have amendments—would establish a clear principle consistent with the Fourth Amendment. As it re-lates to government collection, an in-dividual’s records, if given to a third party for a specific business purpose, are as equally secure in their person as those that remain in their possession, 
unless the third party informs the indi-vidual that it intends to share the in-formation. This amendment affirms that the government cannot cir-cumvent warrant requirements by tak-ing Americans’ records from third par-ties, and it protects the constitutional rights during engagement and regular communication and commerce. 
I think we had a vote on this a while 
back. I do not think we were that suc-cessful. I think we got four people to vote—to say that your records should be protected by the Fourth Amend-ment. Most people do not realize this. Most people have no idea that the gov-ernment’s position, and, currently, maybe the Supreme Court’s position, is that you do not have any right— Fourth Amendment right—in your records unless you have them in your house. 
I think this is something about 
which the more people understand and the more people are drawn to this issue, maybe people will demand that we have some justice here. We live in an era where ultimately no one is going to have paper records in their house. All of your records are going to be electronic. Because they are held and they are managed somehow by a third party, does that really mean we have given up our rights? The thing is that the government might say if your cell phone is in your house, then they do. But the cell phone is connected to someplace outside your house. Your email is being served on some server somewhere. I see no way that it could be construed that you have given up your right to privacy because someone else is holding the records for you be-cause that is the way in the digital age we have come to hold records. 
We talked a little bit earlier about 
trust. I think trust is incredibly impor-tant. I do not discount that the vast majority of people who work in our in-telligence community are honest, trustworthy, and patriotic. I think we all want the same thing. We want to protect our country. We want to pro-tect our loved ones. We want to honor the memory of those who died on 9/11 by capturing and stopping the people who would attack us. But the question is this: Can you catch more or less, or are we more or less effective, in catch-ing terrorists if we use the Constitu-tion, if we use traditional warrants? I think, without question, if you talk 
to people, they will tell you that they get a great deal more information and more specific information by using warrants. 
Let’s say tomorrow we elected a 
President who eliminated the bulk col-
lection of data. Let’s just say it hap-pened. What do you think would hap-pen? People say: Oh, the sky would fall. We would be overrun with jihadists. Maybe we could rule on the Constitu-tion. Maybe we could get warrants. The information is out there. There are warrants. If you make the warrants specific, there is no limit to what you cannot get through a warrant. The warrants are given the vast majority of the time. 
People complain and say it would 
take too long; it would be inconven-ient. Make it better then. Put your judges on 24 hours a day. Appoint 24 more judges. Put them on call all the time, and let’s do this. There is no rea-
son why you cannot have security and liberty at the same time. 
Another amendment we have—should 
the leadership agree to allow us to have amendments and to have votes and to have a debate on this—is an amendment that would require the court to approve national security let-ters. In a 3-year period between 2003 and 2006, 140,000 national security let-ters were given out. National security letters are warrants that are below the constitutional bar. They do not meet the constitutional bar because they are not being signed by a judge. They are being signed by the police. You got rid of one of the great protections we had, which was the check and balance that the police would always go to the judi-ciary. It was a different branch. 
The judge is sitting at home, hope-
fully reading it in a reasoned fashion. The judge is not in hot pursuit. The judge is not letting their emotions— the judge was not just punched by one of the convicts. The judge is sitting at home in a reasoned fashion trying to make a reasonable decision. But still, the vast majority of the time warrants are given. 
If there is a policeman outside the 
house of an alleged rapist, and they want to go in, they call on a cell phone. The judge almost always says yes. It is the same for murder. 
Does anybody imagine that there 
would be a judge in our country and that you call and say: John Doe—we have evidence that he traveled to Yemen last year. We have evidence that he talked to Joe Smith, and we have evidence that he is a terrorist, and we want a warrant to tap his phone. 
Look, I am the biggest privacy advo-
cate in the world. I will sign the war-rant immediately. I do not know of anybody that will not sign warrants to allow searches to occur. But you have the check and balance so it does not get out of control. What happened and what is happening now is we let down our guard. We have no checks and bal-ances. So what does the government do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.087 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3140 May 20, 2015 
when you are not watching? If you look 
away, the government will abuse their power. Lord Acton said: ‘‘Power cor-rupts, and absolute power corrupts ab-solutely.’’ The corollary to that would be: When you are not watching, power grows exponentially. 
They will do whatever they can get 
away with. They will do it in the name of patriotism. Actually, I do not even question their motives. They believe themselves to be patriotic, but they think we have to do anything it takes—no matter whether it con-travenes the Constitution or con-travenes the Bill of Rights. The people who do this—their motives are good, but they are confused in a sense, and they do not fully comprehend what we are giving up in the process. 
This amendment would require 
judges to sign national security letters. It would make them more like war-rants. In practice, national security letters have become warrants written by law enforcement without prior court review and approval, granting them almost unfettered access to indi-vidual email and phone communication data, as well as consumer information such as bank and credit records. 
Those subjected to the national secu-
rity letters must also obey a gag order. Not only does the Government come to you with a less than constitutional permit or a less than constitutional warrant, but they then tell you that you cannot talk about it. You may go to jail for 5 years if you tell somebody you had a warrant served on you. 
This amendment would require that 
a government obtain approvals from a court prior to issuing an NSL to a pri-vate entity, thus forcing them to dem-onstrate a clear need for information as part of an investigation. 
Amendment 6 would create a new 
channel for legal appeals for those sub-jected to government surveillance or-ders. This amendment would empower individuals or companies, ordered by the government to hand over informa-tion about users or customers, to make constitutional challenges that would be in order in the U.S. court of appeals. 
My understanding right now is that 
it is very difficult to appeal a FISA order. They are secret. You are not al-lowed to be in the court, so you are not allowed to participate in the process. I think, also, you can get outside of FISA by appealing, but I think you have to ask for something that is called a writ of certiorari. It is a spe-cial condition, and it is not so auto-matic. My understanding is that the court will grant these things, but they do not occur very often. They are an extraordinary thing. 
We would like to make it a little bit 
more of a facility of getting to a nor-mal appeal—the way a normal appeal would occur. We have been pushing to allow that there would be more of an automatic sort of appeal here. 
One of the other amendments would 
say there is no liability immunity for companies that break their agreements with users. Like I said, while I am not 
in favor of lawsuits and I do not like the idea of frivolous lawsuits, I think if you do not protect the contract and if you have a privacy agreement that says they are not going to share your information with anybody, the only way they will protect it is if there is the threat that they could be sued for not protecting it. I think the contracts become not worth the paper or the click ‘‘I agree to this’’ and become completely worthless if the companies are told they can go around it. The 
companies have all specifically re-quested this because I think they fear that every day the government is re-questing them to breach the privacy contract. So in order to enable the pri-vacy contract, I think we have to get to a point where people can sue if their privacy is violated. 
I think there can be a mixture of 
opinions on what Snowden did. I think we have to have secrecy and there has to be laws against revealing secrets, so I can’t say we should have everybody revealing secrets. At the same time, I think the law says that those who are reporting to Congress should tell the truth. 
So we have the intelligence director 
lying to us and saying the program doesn’t exist, and then we have some-one committing civil disobedience. When you commit civil disobedience, it 
isn’t that we change the law and say it is OK. What we do is say: You broke the law, and maybe you did it for a higher purpose, but it doesn’t mean we will get rid of all punishment for things like this. I think there is one way we can modify it. 
Snowden was a contractor, and we 
don’t have very good rules for whistle-blowers who are contractors. I would extend the whistleblower statute to people who want to come in and want to tell an authority, an investigator general or somebody, if they want to reveal that they think something is being done illegally. 
For example, if Snowden knew that 
Clapper was lying, a felony has been committed. I would think that some-body who has evidence of a felony and tells the investigator general, ‘‘Look, I have seen this, and I have seen that they are collecting all the records of every American,’’ and he says they are not, then he has committed perjury and a felony, and there ought to be some sort of whistleblower statute for that. What we do in one of our amend-ments is to allow whistleblowers to be contractors as well. 
One of the things that has been going 
on—even predating the PATRIOT Act and goes back to probably the 1980s and 1990s—is something called suspicious activity reports. These are now being done, I believe, by the millions. At one point I looked at it, and 5 million of these had been filed. Every year, hun-dreds of thousands of these are being filed, and if the banks don’t file them, the banks could have their licenses taken from them or there could be $100,000 fines issued to banks. What we would like to do is to make 
a suspicious activity report based on suspicion, not just based on a trans-action. It would make it more like a warrant where a judge would actually review it and see if there is suspicion to be reporting this activity instead of just reporting activity based on the way people do their transactions. 
The problem has been that we now 
have the IRS confiscating your money, your bank account, based on the way you do your transactions. It is not based on a conviction; it is based on, I guess, the presumption that you are guilty until you can prove yourself in-nocent. This is also going on with civil asset forfeiture. It is intertwined with records, and as we allow the govern-ment to collect our records in an un-constitutional manner, we have to be very careful that then those records are then being used with the presump-tion of guilt, not innocence. 
I have a great deal of questions about 
Executive Order 12333. John Napier Tye was with the State Department and oversaw some of the freedom of the Internet and government surveillance, and he put out an op-ed that shows a significant concern as far as whether this Executive order may be as big as bulk collection. 
I spoke with one of the founders of 
one of America’s larger Internet com-panies recently, and he told me that not only is he worried about bulk col-lection, but he is worried that bulk col-lection might be smaller—the collec-tion of all the phone data might be smaller than the backdoor collection through 702 and the backdoor collec-tion through the government forcing companies to allow them into their software. 
Our concern is that we need to look 
more at the Executive order. I think it is being done in secret, but once again, an evaluation as to whether a law is constitutional or whether a law over-states its purpose should be done in the open. 
I see the Senator from Montana, and 
I will be happy to entertain a question without losing the floor. 
Mr. DAINES. Will the Senator from 
Kentucky yield for a question without losing his right to the floor? 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I will yield 
to the Senator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. I thank my colleague 
for raising this important issue on the Senate floor today. It wasn’t all that long ago that I served as a House Mem-ber. I served one term in the House and then came over to the Senate this year. I came over to the Senate floor, and I 
stood in support of my colleague’s ef-forts to protect the American civil lib-erties and ensure drones are not being used to target American citizens on our own soil. 
In fact, I am grateful to see that in 
the Senate Chamber today, we have five House Members who are here standing with the Senator from Ken-tucky as he makes his very important point which relates to our Constitution and our freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.088 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3141 May 20, 2015 
Well, 2 years later, we are here again, 
and the threats to America’s civil lib-erties and constitutional freedoms re-main ever present. 
As my colleague from Kentucky is 
well aware, I spent more than 12 years in the technology sector before being elected to Congress. I know firsthand the power that Big Data holds. I also know the great risks that arise when that power is abused. 
There is a clear and direct threat to 
Americans’ civil liberties that comes from the mass collection of our per-sonal information in our phone records. I, like so many Montanans, am deeply concerned about the NSA’s bulk metadata collection program and its impact on our constitutional rights. In fact, just last night, I hosted a tele-phone townhall meeting with thou-sands of Montanans, and one of the issues I heard most about was the NSA’s bulk data collection program and when is Congress finally going to put a stop to it. In fact, this is one of the issues I hear most about from my fellow Montanans. 
I brought down just a few of the 
thousands of letters I received from Montanans on the NSA’s dangerous bulk metadata program. For example, I have a letter from Adam, who lives in Missoula. Adam writes: 
I’m writing to ask you to allow Section 215 
of the PATRIOT Act to expire on June 1st of this year. While it is only one provision of the larger problem...it would at least begin to curtail the surveillance of Americans. 
As Americans we should be free to commu-
nicate without the threat of the government monitoring those communications. Wanting to keep your life private does not mean you have something to hide—only that your life isn’t any of the government’s business as long as you are not infringing on the liberty of others. 
At the end of the day, giving up our lib-
erties because of the threat of terrorism truly is the definition of terrorism winning. To be free inherently means a person also in-curs risks. 
Even though he was speaking about taxes, 
I believe Benjamin Franklin would agree: ‘‘Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, de-serve neither Liberty nor Safety.’’ 
Jes from my hometown of Bozeman, 
MT, wrote: 
I am writing to you as your constituent. 
NSA spying needs a comprehensive over-
haul. But in the meantime, I urge you to show that you care about the Constitution by voting against reauthorization of Section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act. Section 215 has been used to invade the privacy of mil-lions of people. 
Although some in Congress and the NSA 
have argued that collecting call detail records (‘‘metadata’’) is not privacy inva-sion, the information collected by the gov-ernment is not just metadata—it paints an intimate portrait of the lives of millions of Americans. 
What’s more, the collection of call detail 
records isn’t even necessary to keep us safe. 
The President, the Privacy and Civil Lib-
erties Oversight Board and the President’s Review Group have all admitted that collec-tion of call detail records is not necessary. 
PCLOB [Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-
sight Board] went so far as to note that it could not identify a single time in which 
bulk collection under Section 215 made a concrete difference in the outcome of a coun-terterrorism investigation. 
That’s why I urge you to support reform by 
committing to a no vote on reauthorization of Section 215. 
A vote against reauthorization is a vote for 
the Constitution. Thank you for opposing unconstitutional surveillance and for sup-porting a free and secure Internet. 
Montanans are right to be concerned. 
This program is a direct threat to our constitutional rights. It has jeopard-ized our civil liberties with little prov-en effectiveness, and I am the son of a U.S. marine. 
Several weeks ago, I was with Leader 
M
CCONNELL and other Senators. When 
we went to Israel, we met with Prime Minister Netanyahu. When we went to Jordan, we met with King Abdallah. When we went to Iraq, we met with Prime Minister al-Abadi. When we were both in Baghdad, we went up to Erbil and met with the leaders of the Kurds, including Mr. Barzani. We then went to Afghanistan. We were in Kabul, and we were in Jalalabad. We met with Presi-dent Ghani. We heard directly from the leaders in the Middle East, we heard di-rectly from our U.S. military, and we heard directly from U.S. intelligence about what is going on in the Middle East. 
As the father of four and someone 
who strongly believes in a strong na-tional defense and the importance of protecting our homeland, I weigh these issues very deeply. These are heavy issues we must look at as we want to ensure we protect the homeland and, just as important, protect the Con-stitution and the constitutional rights of the American people. 
As my colleague is likely aware, a 
2014 report from the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, which is a nonpartisan, independent privacy board, found that the NSA’s bulk data collection program said that it ‘‘con-tributed only minimal value when combating terrorism beyond what the government already achieves through . . . other alternative means.’’ 
Like the New York-based Second Cir-
cuit U.S. Court of Appeals recently unanimously confirmed, this oversight board found that section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act does not provide authority for the NSA’s bulk metadata collection program. In fact, the report states: 
Under the Section 215 bulk telephone 
records collection program, the NSA ac-quires a massive number of calling records from telephone companies each day, poten-tially including the records of every call made across the nation. Yet Section 215 does not authorize the NSA to acquire anything at all. 
It is illegal, it is an overreach of 
power, and it is a direct threat to our First and Fourth Amendment rights. 
In fact, the report goes on to con-
clude: 
The program lacks a viable legal founda-
tion under Section 215, implicates constitu-tional concerns under the First and Fourth Amendments, raises serious threats to pri-vacy and civil liberties as a policy matter, and has shown only limited value. For these 
reasons, the government should end the pro-gram. 
I stand here today with the people of 
Montana. I stand here today with my colleague from Kentucky. I stand here today with five Members of the U.S. House who are seated in the back of the Senate Chamber: Congressman D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Congress-
man B LUM of Iowa, Congressman 
MASSIE of Kentucky, Congressman 
LABRADOR of Idaho, and Congressman 
AMASH of Michigan. 
I think it is important that the Sen-
ate recognize what the people’s House did last week when they passed the USA FREEDOM Act. That vote was 338 to 88. To suggest that this is just a small minority of Congress men and women who support the USA FREE-DOM Act—this is the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, the chair-man of the Armed Services Committee, and the chairman of the Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee, amongst many others, who want to make sure we strike the right balance between protecting the home-land and protecting our civil liberties. 
The people of Montana, my colleague 
from Kentucky, the five Members from Congress who are here at this moment, and millions of Americans know I strongly agree with their view on the USA FREEDOM Act. 
Like all Americans, I understand the 
great risks that face our national secu-rity. The threats from ISIS, the threats from North Korea, and the threats from Iran grow stronger each and every day. We must be prepared. 
We must ensure our intelligence and law enforcement agencies have the tools they need to protect and defend our Nation. But these objectives—na-tional security and protection of our civil liberties—are not mutually exclu-sive. We can and we must achieve both. We must maintain a balance between protecting our Nation’s security while also maintaining our civil liberties and our constitutional rights. 
All of us standing here today took an 
oath to protect and defend the Con-stitution. I took that oath just a few steps away from where I am speaking here today, between myself and the Presiding Officer’s chair, occupied at the moment by the Senator from Utah, Mr. L
EE. 
As all of us here today know, the 
fight to protect our Constitution and America’s civil liberties is far from over. We must remain vigilant and we must also ensure that we have robust and transparent debate about these programs and what reforms must be implemented to protect America’s civil liberties. That is why I support the USA FREEDOM Act, which would end the NSA’s bulk metadata collection program and why I strongly believe that Congress must engage in an open amendment process. The American people must have their voices heard, and an open amendment process will help ensure that happens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.092 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3142 May 20, 2015 
In light of all we have learned about 
the NSA’s unlawful bulk data collec-tion program, it is clear that reforms must happen. It is critical that Ameri-cans’ rights are protected against the overreach of their own government. 
So I ask the Senator from Kentucky, 
would he agree that the indiscriminate government collection of Americans’ phone records violates the Constitution and, according to two independent commissions, has not proven critical to our national security? 
(Mr. TILLIS assumed the Chair.) Mr. PAUL. I wish to thank the Sen-
ator from Montana for that excellent synopsis of the issues as well as for the great question. 
I think the reports by the review 
committee and the privacy committee, both commissioned by the President, both nonpartisan, are incredibly power-ful because not only did they look at the constitutional issue of whether this is a bulk or a general warrant versus an individual warrant, they also saw practically that it wasn’t working, it wasn’t adding anything to our intel-ligence. So I think we have sort of a dual reason now to say this is a big problem. 
One, there are constitutional ques-
tions, which I think are very clear, but then the second practical question is that when we examine the evidence— and the privacy commission actually looked at classified evidence; they looked to see whether it was adding anything to this—I am thoroughly con-vinced that we can catch terrorists with traditional constitutional war-rants. 
When I have talked to former high- 
ranking heads of our security agencies, they freely admit they get more infor-mation with a warrant. It is a little more work. It has to be more specific. But I am also a believer in that be-cause we have generalized what we are looking for and it is indiscriminate, that maybe we are missing people be-cause we are overwhelmed with data. We are overwhelmed with things at the airports. I would much prefer that we have less indiscriminate searches at the airports and be more specific in looking at the manifests of who is fly-ing and trying to find out who are the risks. 
So I do think that, without question, 
this is not a constitutional program. It is not even legal under the PATRIOT Act. The courts have said it isn’t, and we should do everything we can to stop it. 
I appreciate the support of the Sen-
ator from Montana. 
One of the things about this issue is 
that it really is a bipartisan issue. It is an issue where there are people who feel strongly on both sides of the aisle. The Senator from Oregon was here ear-lier and the Senator from New Mexico, and I now see the Senator from West Virginia, who is also a loud and con-sistent voice on this. 
Does the Senator from West Virginia 
have a question? Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, will 
the Senator from Kentucky yield? 
Mr. PAUL. I will, without yielding 
the floor. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I know the Senator 
from Kentucky agrees with me that the defense of our country and the pro-tection of our civil liberties should be bipartisan and above politics. I know he agrees that we can and must protect our citizens without violating their civil liberties. Again, I don’t always agree with my good friend from Ken-tucky on every issue, but when it comes to this Nation’s intelligence gathering and security, we agree more than we don’t. 
As was he, I was deeply troubled by 
the revelation that our country was en-gaged in bulk collection—I think we all were surprised—and that millions of private citizens’ data was gathered un-knowingly and unjustifiably. 
In 2013, Edward Snowden revealed to 
the American public that NSA was en-gaging in ‘‘bulk data collection,’’ in sweeping up virtually every cell phone record of an enormous number of Americans, again for no reason. The U.S. spying program did this by sys-tematically and indiscriminately col-lecting millions—I mean millions—of Americans’ phone records by simply digging up every phone record that came into its net even if it wasn’t re-motely related to a broad, general search. These are not searches that were relevant to a particular threat or an individual group; it was just a huge database of documenting what millions of law-abiding citizens were doing. 
That is not what this country was 
based on, and I think the Senator from Kentucky has made that very clear. I know the Senator from Kentucky be-lieves this was wrong, as I do. That is not just our opinion; national security experts, legal experts, the American public, and even several courts have said that the bulk collection of data is not only unconstitutional but also un-necessary to our national security. And my friend from Kentucky has con-firmed that the President’s review group has said that bulk data collec-tion is not essential to preventing at-tacks and that the program has not made a difference in a single instance. 
The bill the Senate will soon be con-
sidering—the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015—will ensure that we restore im-portant privacy protections for Ameri-cans. 
The United States will always face 
security threats—I think we all know that—and we will for generations to come. That is just a reality. On that horrible day of September 11, 2001, we as a country were reminded of this fact and realized we must meet those threats with strong law enforcement and strong intelligence. However, we must also balance that necessity with our constitutional rights. 
The NSA bulk data collection pro-
gram clearly did not strike that bal-ance, and the District Court of DC and the Court of Appeals of the Second Cir-cuit of the United States struck it 
down. The courts have made clear that this program is not legal, and I under-stand the frustration of Senator P
AUL 
and Senator W YDEN with any sugges-
tion that it be continued. 
I believe this bill, USA FREEDOM 
2015, moves us in a positive direction. It ends the bulk data collection pro-gram and ensures that the collection of data is related to a relevant, particular terrorist investigation. At the same 
time, it still protects this country. 
The USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 re-
places indiscriminate bulk collection and allows the government to collect call detail records on a daily basis if it can demonstrate to the FISA Court a reasonable, articulable suspicion that its search term is associated with a for-eign terrorist organization. 
The bill provides greater trans-
parency about surveillance activities. It contains significant new government reporting requirements for FISA au-thorities to ensure its activities do not again break the law. It gives private companies increased options for report-ing to the public information about the number of FISA orders and national se-curity letters they receive. The bill re-quires declassification of FISA Court opinions containing significant legal interpretations. The bill requires the FISA Court to designate a panel to ap-point individuals to advise in par-ticular cases involving new or difficult legal issues. It expands the opportunity for the appellate review of FISA Court decisions. The bill strengthens the ju-dicial review process for gag orders, imposes new privacy protections for FISA pen registers, and limits the use of unlawfully obtained information. 
The bill also contains many provi-
sions to protect our Nation’s security. It creates a new emergency authority to allow the government to obtain business records, including call detail records, without advance court author-ization if an emergency requires those records. It also adds a short-term emer-gency authority for continued transnational surveillance of foreign terrorists or spies who come into the United States before emergency au-thorization can be obtained from the Attorney General. It permits ongoing FISA surveillance of an agent of a for-eign power who temporarily leaves the United States. It clarifies that individ-uals can be subject to FISA surveil-lance if they are knowingly aiding, abetting, or conspiring with respect to the proliferation of WMD on behalf of a foreign power. 
Finally, the bill increases the statu-
tory maximum penalty for material support of terrorism from 15 to 20 years. 
I know the Senator from Kentucky 
does not think it goes far enough in protecting our privacy rights, but per-haps my good friend can remind us again of what provisions he would like to see changed or strengthened in the bill to satisfy his interests and the in-terests of Senator W
YDEN and other 
people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.096 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3143 May 20, 2015 
I yield the floor back to the Senator 
from Kentucky to hear basically his concerns and how we can have some protections, and do we have any rights whatsoever to gather information when it is proven? I have heard the Senator from Kentucky say that if he thought we could prove it, there was a different concern we had and we could get the FISA Court involved and basically move forward from there. 
I thought this bill moved us in a posi-
tive direction—the new bill before the Senate that we are about to consider. I would appreciate it if the Senator from Kentucky could explain to me his con-cerns about that and what we need to do. 
Mr. PAUL. Let me make sure I have 
the question correct. The Senator’s question is on my concerns on the USA FREEDOM Act? 
Mr. MANCHIN. USA FREEDOM 2015. Mr. PAUL. I want to like it because 
it ends bulk collection, and I am all for ending bulk collection. So we all agree—the people for it agree with the problem; it is a question of the solu-tion. 
It says there have to be specific se-
lector terms on U.S. persons. Part of my problem is that ‘‘persons’’ is still defined as corporations. My concern is that you could put the word ‘‘Verizon’’ in there, and the government wouldn’t be collecting the records, but you still could get all records from Verizon. Does the Senator see what I mean? That is one of my concerns with the way it has been written. 
My other general concern is that we 
would still be having bulk collection. It wouldn’t be bulk collection by the government, but it would still be bulk collection but through the phone com-panies. 
I don’t like the liability protection 
because I think it makes it more likely than not that the privacy agreement won’t be as respected if they cannot be sued for violating the privacy agree-ment. 
Those are a couple of concerns. I 
don’t know if they are insurmountable, but those are a couple of concerns. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I think we both agree 
and most of the people in this body agree that the bulk collection is wrong. It has been proven to be illegal, it shouldn’t have been done, and it should be stopped. I think we all agree on that. 
I think we still face considerable 
threats from around the world on a daily basis, if not even greater than that. We are looking to try to find a balance, and I think the Senator from Kentucky is valuable in helping us find that balance. That is what we are look-ing for. I know our colleague, Senator L
EEfrom Utah, has made a gallant ef-
fort in trying to find that balance and making sure that we don’t overstep. 
The private companies are collecting. 
They already have that information anyway. It is not just sweeping from NSA, as they had been doing. Basi-cally, I am understanding by this bill, the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015, that 
basically we would have to dem-onstrate to the FISA Court reasonable, articulate suspicion that its search term is associated with a foreign ter-rorist organization. They can’t even go into those records until that is shown. That is the way I understood it. I am not sure if there is something I am missing. 
Mr. PAUL. I guess the question I 
have is that we have some of those re-strictions now, but they seem to think that those restrictions don’t apply— the people interpreting what we have now are interpreting 215 to mean we can collect all of the American records in bulk. 
If there were a circumstance where I 
was necessary to pass USA FREEDOM and if it were that close, if people were willing to look at the bill and say we would make a person, an individual— see, the big thing for me is that the warrant should be individualized. And I am worried that if we use the word ‘‘person’’ and if it can be replaced with the word ‘‘Verizon’’ and we still collect all the records, I would feel dis-appointed if we thought we got rid of bulk collection and a year or 2 from now, when they finally admit it, they admit: Oh, we are still doing the very same thing. We are doing Verizon. We are getting all of Verizon’s records. We are just making them process it, and we are paying them for it. 
That is what I fear. I want to make 
sure that doesn’t happen. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I guess we are caught 
in that Citizens United decision, it sounds like. 
Mr. PAUL. In a different way, we are 
talking about whether in the intel-ligence selector numbers a person is a corporation and whether can have a single warrant. 
I think if you want phone records 
from Verizon, it should say ‘‘Verizon’’ and we want the records of John Doe. It shouldn’t just say that we want all the records from Verizon. That is a general warrant. I am still fearful that the USA FREEDOM Act might not limit that. 
Mr. MANCHIN. If the FREEDOM Act 
goes away and the way they are doing bulk collection, which we agree should be done away with—and we don’t come to some agreement—are you concerned that we might be in more jeopardy by not having something in place where we are able to get the necessary intel-ligence we need? 
Mr. PAUL. I guess that is also where 
I probably differ. I think we are just as safe or safer with nothing, because the Constitution allows the searching of records. And I am all for it, but I would do it through warrants. 
The point is that in metadata, one 
can do a hop or two with these less- than-constitutional warrants or what-ever. But with a real warrant, we can go 100 hops into the data. I really would chase the rabbit down the hole. I would look very hard with suspicion, and I think warrants are generally easy to get. This is the point I don’t 
get about why we have to have war-rants with a lower constitutional standard, because I think the FISA warrants are almost never turned down, but neither are criminal war-rants. If you are a policeman standing in front of a house, you almost never get a no. But if you are a policeman saying, I want to search all my neigh-bors’ houses, then the judge is going to say no, and that is a good thing. So I think traditional warrants—I think people have somehow just convinced themselves that we can’t catch terror-ists with traditional warrants, but I think you can go through a lot of data with traditional warrants, too. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Your sincere belief is 
that if this sunsets, this bulk collec-tion in the way the PATRIOT Act has been enforced before—if it sunsets and it goes away, which we agree that we are trying to replace that before the sunset—you believe the system we have had in place before the PATRIOT Act of 2001 gives us still the ability to keep the homeland safe, using the court system, as you say, following the rabbit down the hole using the court system? Because we know we have rapid fire coming at us from different directions and people trying to come into this country and do harm. Social media has blown up even since 2001, so we are much more vulnerable from that standpoint. 
What I am hearing you say also is 
that you are not really objectionable if you can find the right language—if you thought you could get protection of that individual without the interpreta-tion of the entire broadness of the cor-porations. 
Mr. PAUL. I think that also and 
within the context of—we have six or seven amendments that we would like to offer. I can’t guarantee that we could win any of them, but there is a chance maybe we could win another re-form. 
So for example, one of the reforms 
that some people think may be as im-portant as all the bulk collection is the ability of the government to tell an Internet provider that they have to create a backdoor to their product for the government to go through—and some of the backdoor stuff through 702. 
We think there are some other things 
that may well be as big as this. I also think there is the ability of the govern-ment to not only use traditional war-rants. They have some they are using under Executive order, as well, and we still have a host of other types of war-rants and subpoenas being used. But I would never be for this in a heartbeat if I thought it was going to put the country in danger. I think we will be safer because of it and so will our lib-erty. 
Mr. MANCHIN. It is a good point in 
the bill that we will be considering, the 2015 FREEDOM Act. It expands the op-portunity for the appellate review of the FISA Court decisions, which I think the Senator has had a problem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.097 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3144 May 20, 2015 
with, too, because it has been handed 
out, uncontested. Is that correct? 
Mr. PAUL. Say that again, please. Mr. MANCHIN. The bill that we will 
be considering is expanding the oppor-tunity for the appellate review of the FISA Court decisions. I think and I can understand that you are saying they can get a FISA order no matter what. 
Mr. PAUL. I am not sure I under-
stand the question, but I do believe as to the court case right now, the way it stands—if the USA FREEDOM Act had passed last year, I think there was a chance that it might have made the court case moot because it would have said that Congress has already acted and Congress now has given an author-ity for a variation of this and Congress already fixed the problem. So there is a part of me that would like to see the appellate court case go up to the Su-preme Court. It has been remanded to a lower court so I don’t know if it is ever getting there. But we ultimately have some questions in our country that won’t be decided until we have a Su-preme Court case. 
One of those questions is, Do papers 
have to be physical and in your house? What if they are digital and lodged somewhere else? Do you have any right of privacy, any Fourth Amendment protection at all for records that are held somewhere else? The current legal opinion doesn’t really give any protec-tion to third-party records. I think that needs to be fixed, because tech-nology has made it such that our records are no longer going to be real records that you can hold in your hand. I think almost all of our records will be virtual and held in space somewhere, and I think you still have to have a personal privacy protection in those. 
Mr. MANCHIN. So the bill that we 
have proposed before us, it is going to require declassification of FISA Court opinions containing significant legal interpretation, which is a positive thing. 
Mr. PAUL. There is a lot that I like 
in the bill. It is just a matter of wheth-er or not I can be convinced that it doesn’t allow bulk collection under an-other name. I am still worried about that. But I am open to it. 
Some of these things—this is a very 
important bill. I mean, we could have a week of discussion on this bill, and amendments and a process. The only reason we are getting a little bit of this is because I am kind of forcing the issue, but I would like to see the amendments voted on. All the other stuff we are doing around here is im-portant but has no deadline. We could have done it next week or 2 weeks from now—all the stuff we are doing right now. 
But anyway, that is what I am going 
to be asking for—the ability to present five or six amendments, vote on them, and then we will see. And I am more than willing to talk with the authors 
of the USA FREEDOM Act to see if there is a way, but it is going to have to involve some give and take to figure it out. Mr. MANCHIN. It sounds like we are 
not that far apart. I think we are all going down the same path, trying to keep the homeland as secure as pos-sible while protecting the rights of all Americans. I appreciate that. I hope that we do. These are important issues. It is a dangerous world that we live in. It is a threatened world that our chil-dren are being raised in. We want to do everything we can to protect them, and I know you do, too. 
With that, I think we all came to an 
agreement that what was done before was wrong. So we all come unani-mously to that agreement, and finding a pathway forward is what we are working on now. So I appreciate your sincerity and your intent to try and reach out and find that. I hope you can find that comfort level so we can move forward and still have a protected country. 
Thank you. Mr. PAUL. I thank the Senator from 
West Virginia. I think he has made some really good points. I think a lot of us have come to the agreement that there is a problem with bulk collection. I don’t think we have everybody, but I think we have a significant number. The court agrees with us. So I think we are getting closer. 
One of the groups that we have 
talked about in looking at where we are, whether this is a constitutional or legal program—is it is pretty intrigu-ing to look at the report that comes from the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. This is a bipartisan board. It is a board that was put in place, and I think the appointees are bipartisan appointees. 
When they met, they came to the 
conclusion, though, that the bulk col-lection of records is not warranted and not given sanction by the PATRIOT Act. They had four different reasons why they say that the telephone records program—the bulk collection of our records—does not comply even with the PATRIOT Act. The first rea-son they say is that there is no connec-tion to any specific FBI investigation at the time of the collection. So, basi-cally, when they collect your phone records, they are not even alleging that they are related to any investigation. But that is what the statute says. They are supposed to be relevant to an inves-tigation, but there is no evidence and nothing is even presented that there is any investigation even going on. The investigation actually starts after they have collected all of your records. 
So how can section 215 say that you 
can collect these records because they are relevant to an investigation that has not yet even begun? They use this big data case later on when they say there is going to be an investigation. So I think their No. 1 reason is pretty strong. There can’t be a connection or relevancy because there really is no in-vestigation when they collect your records. 
The second reason of the privacy 
commission was that the records are collected in bulk, potentially encom-
passing all telephone calling records across the Nation. They cannot be re-garded as relevant to any investigation without redefining the word ‘‘relevant’’ in a manner that is circular. Relevant sort of means that there is some sort of criteria that means that there is some pertinence, that there is something about the records or something about the investigation. 
For example, if there is someone in 
the northwest section of Washington, DC, and we saw something happen there. We are saying we want to look at the records there. Even though it might be bulk collection, it would be at least relevant to some sort of inves-tigation. There would be some perti-nent factor. But they are just col-lecting everybody’s records. It is com-pletely without any relevancy. And I 
love the way they put it—that this would not be relevant unless we rede-fine the word relevant in a manner that is circular, unlimited in scope, and out of step with case law from analogous legal context involving pro-duction of records. 
The third reason why the privacy 
board said that this program is not legal is that it operates by putting telephone companies under an obliga-tion to furnish new calling records on a daily basis as they are generated, in-stead of turning over records they al-ready have in their possession. This is an approach lacking foundation in the statute and one that is inconsistent with FISA as a whole. 
The final reason they say that this 
program is illegal—this is the Presi-dent’s own privacy commission—is that the statute permits only the FBI to obtain items for use in the inves-tigation. It does not authorize the NSA to do anything. So section 215 of the PATRIOT Act is what they are saying they are using as justification. It al-lows the FBI to collect records. It doesn’t allow the NSA at all. So they are using a statute that was intended for the FBI to say the NSA can do this. So I think the reasons are pretty clear—four specific reasons why the PATRIOT Act does not justify the col-lection of these records. 
The next thing the policy committee 
looked at was they looked at and they tried to decide whether there has been any practical effect. I know Senator L
EAHY was a part of this, looking at 
whether any of these things actually did catch terrorists. But this is what they concluded, and they actually looked at the classified data. So the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board looked at the data, looked at the classified data, and this is their conclu-sion: 
However, we conclude that the Section 215 
program, the bulk collection, has shown minimal value in safeguarding the nation from terrorism. . . . we have not identified a single instance involving a threat to the United States in which the [bulk collection] program made a concrete difference in the outcome of a counterterrorism investiga-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.098 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3145 May 20, 2015 
Those are pretty strong words. The 
Policy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board commissioned by the President, which is bipartisan, looked at the clas-sified data and said it didn’t find a sin-gle incident—not one incident—in which it made a concrete difference in the outcome of a counterterrorism in-vestigation. 
Moreover, we are aware of no instance in 
which the program directly contributed to the discovery of a previously unknown ter-
rorist. . . . 
What does this mean? We are not 
pushing a button and generating ter-rorists out of this. The terrorists are coming from real information. You have to realize that this misinforma-tion and this wrong-headed informa-tion has been used forever—for 15 years—to justify the fact that we should give up on the Fourth Amend-ment and we should give up on protec-tions. 
Over and over people say that if we 
only had the PATRIOT Act, we wouldn’t have had 9/11. The two terror-ists they claim we would have gotten were in San Diego. We already knew about them. An informant lived with them for a year. The FBI wasn’t talk-ing to the CIA, they weren’t looking at lists, and they didn’t know they would come back. The CIA didn’t know. It had nothing to do with having bulk collection of our records. We knew about these people. It was crummy work. It was people not doing their job. 
I repeat: No one was ever fired. We 
gave rewards. We gave medals of honor to everybody in the intelligence com-munity and no one was ever fired. There were some true heroes—the FBI agent in Arizona and the FBI agent in Minnesota who actually discovered po-tential hijackers. The 20th hijacker was captured before 9/11. The 20th hi-
jacker was captured a month before 9/ 11. That is the person who should have gotten the Medal of Honor. The person who would not listen to him should have been fired. I have no under-standing or awareness that anybody was ever fired over 9/11. 
The Policy and Civil Liberties Board 
goes on to say that our review suggests that section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, the bulk collection of records, offers little unique value. They explore a lit-tle bit of whether there is a privacy problem with collecting all of these records and what are the implications of collecting all of these records. The government’s collection of a person’s entire telephone call history has a sig-nificant and detrimental effect on an individual’s privacy. 
Beyond such individual privacy in-
trusions, permitting the government to routinely collect calling records of the entire Nation fundamentally shifts the balance of power between the State and its citizens. With its power of compul-sion and criminal prosecution, the gov-ernment possesses unique threats to privacy when it collects data on its own citizens. 
Compound this with the fact that the 
government—you could say: Well, they are just collecting this data at a lower 
standard, but if you are not a terrorist you do not have to worry. But here is the problem. They are collecting this data with the lower standard, a less- than-constitutional standard, but then they are also prosecuting you for do-mestic crime. 
Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act is 
being used 99.5 percent of the time for domestic crime. We are putting drug dealers in jail. That is another ques-tion and another story. But then we should vote on it as a country. OK. For drug dealers, we are not going to have the Constitution anymore, we are going to have the PATRIOT Act for drug dealers. Let’s be honest about it. The war on drugs has had a disparate impact, a disproportionate impact on people of color. So you have to admit to all the young Black men and all the young Brown men you put in prison that we are no longer using the Con-stitution to stick you in prison, we are using the PATRIOT Act to put you in prison. 
We need to be honest with people. If 
the PATRIOT Act is about terrorism, they should adopt my amendment that says you cannot be put in jail for a do-mestic crime under the PATRIOT Act. Why? Because the PATRIOT Act has dumbed down and loosened the stand-ards. We do not have probable cause, we have relevance. Realize that rel-evance, as they say in the Commission, has become completely circular and de-void of meaning, if you are saying that all the records in the country are somehow relevant to an investigation that has not yet begun. 
They make a great point here about 
the fact that not only does this stifle or invade your privacy, it may well sti-fle your speech and your association. If you are going to be associating with minority causes, unpopular causes, whether you are a kid from the North who went down to be in favor of civil rights, whether you are someone who belongs to the NAACP or the ACLU, they say: Yet, even though there is no evidence of abuse— 
And this is the big argument. Every-
one says: Well, there has never been any abuse, so it is fine to keep doing this. 
Yet, while the danger of abuse may seem 
remote, given historical abuse of personal in-formation by the government during the 20th century, the risk is more than theoretical. 
I could not agree more. Moreover, the 
bulk collection of telephone records can be expected to have a chilling ef-fect on the free exercise of speech and association because individuals and groups engaged in sensitive or con-troversial work have less reason to trust in the confidentiality of their re-lationships as revealed by their calling patterns. 
Realize that they are taking your 
phone records, your calling lists, your buddy lists, your ISP address, your email. They are integrating this into some network where they can pull your name up and find out who are all your buddies, who are all your friends, who 
are all your Facebook friends. 
Realize the potential danger of hav-
ing so much information, so much of a dossier on every American citizen, even if they are not using it. But when you think that, well, this is fine because we are not doing it and good people are running these agencies, realize that the head of the Agency lied to us about this program at all. He said it did not exist. So when you get to be trusting these people to protect your individual information, realize that the most—at the very top of the intelligence com-munity, the most famous person in our country dealing with intelligence lied to a congressional committee and said that this program did not even exist. 
The report goes on to say that the in-
ability to expect privacy, vis-a-vis the government and one’s telephone com-munications, means that people en-gaged in wholly lawful activities, but who for reasons justifiably do not wish the government to know about their communications, must either forgo such activities, reduce their frequency or take costly measures to hide them from the government surveillance. 
The telephone records program thus 
hinders the ability of advocacy organi-zations to communicate confidentially with members, donors, legislators, whistleblowers, members of the public. 
Initially, in the 1970s when we set up 
the surveillance court, the security court, the FISA Court, they were done with individualized warrants. They got information through individualized warrants. 
Beginning in 2004, though, the role of 
the security court changed when the government approached the court with its first request to approve a program involving what is now referred to as bulk collection. For the first several years, we did bulk collection—they just did it. They just said it was under the inherent authorities of the President. This should scare us because there are people who believe that the inherent authorities of the President are unlim-ited. That would not be a President. There would be another name for that. 
But if there are no limits to what the 
President can do, there is another name for it and it is not President. The Commission goes on to say that the judge’s decision—their decisionmaking would be clearly enhanced if they could hear opposing views. So the privacy commission advocates exactly what I am advocating for, that you should have a lawyer in there with you and that there should be an adversarial type of procedure. 
Because the thing is, is that it is like 
any other dispute. If you have ever heard two people arguing, figuring out the truth is listening to both sides and trying to gather what the truth is. So I think that we get to the truth a lot more if we had someone asking ques-tions. Realize also that section 215 of the PATRIOT Act says that the infor-mation has to be relevant to an inves-tigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.099 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3146 May 20, 2015 
Without having someone in there to 
argue your case, the court appears to have not really had a great deal of dis-cussion or, to my mind, thought about whether bulk collection is somehow relevant. You might argue that if there were opposing sides, as in a traditional court, that maybe someone would stand up and say to the judge: How can this be relevant? What investigation is it relevant to? 
See, I think the FISA Court became 
such a rubberstamp that you were not even having these questions asked be-cause how could you ask that question. If you are an advocate for someone who does not want to give up their informa-tion, how could you ask the question whether it is relevant to an investiga-tion, and then the government would say: Well, we are going to do it. It will be relevant when we do an investiga-tion. 
No court, you would think, would un-
derstand or accept that, if it were an adversarial procedure where you have a lawyer on both sides. I don’t think you can truly have justice—I think you can have a court that meets in secret. I think courts can protect individual names and I want them to. I thought Senator W
YDEN made a great point 
when he was out here. 
Intelligence activities, at their core, 
we have to protect the names of operatives. You do not want the code out there, like if we have a great code and we are stealing information from our enemies and we are eavesdropping on our enemies, we do not want the code out there that shows how smart we are and how our technology works. But if we are going to do something like collect the records of all Ameri-cans, that is a constitutional question. 
You can have opinions on both sides 
of it. I do not think there is much of a valid constitutional reason for believ-ing in this. But you can have an opin-ion. In a democratic Republic, we could argue these points back and forth. But you really would have to have the abil-ity to have a discussion over those things. Because I think without that, I do not think we can actually get to justice. 
Mr. COONS addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator from Kentucky yield for a question? 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I would 
yield for a question but not yield the floor. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am won-
dering whether the Senator from Ken-tucky would be good enough to confirm for me where I think the issue is that is before the Senate today. So if I might, I will speak for a few minutes about what I think is the core issue be-fore us on the floor and then ask the Senator whether he would confirm that this is his understanding as well. 
At the outset, I will say it is rel-
atively rare for my colleague from Kentucky and I to come to the floor in agreement on an issue, but it has hap-pened before on exactly this issue. I think it is important that it be clear to folks that there are concerns on both sides of the aisle on the critical under-
lying issues about how we balance pri-vacy and liberty, security and our civil liberties. 
For nearly a decade, our government 
has operated a program that collects massive amounts of information from innocent Americans without any spe-cific suspicion they have done anything wrong. Let me put that another way. For years, any American’s communica-tion data could have been tracked and collected by the government, whether or not they were suspected of a crime. 
That program has been carried out 
under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act based on flimsy or mistaken interpre-tations of the original law, all in the name of our national security. Yet the bulk collection program has had dis-puted and not arguably clear benefit to our national security. There is not one clear publicly confirmed instance of a plot being foiled because of this section 215 program. I have long been con-cerned about the scope and the reach of our intelligence community’s bulk col-lection program. 
That is why in 2011 I voted, along 
with my colleague from Kentucky, against the straight reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act. I believed then, as I believe now, it would be irresponsible for Congress to continue reauthorizing the law without taking steps to address concerns about unlawful surveillance it has allowed, particularly given the fact that earlier this month a U.S. Federal circuit court specifically deemed this program illegal. 
Fortunately, we have an alternative, 
which I believe the Senator from Ken-tucky has been expounding on behalf of, the USA FREEDOM Act, a bipar-tisan bill passed by the House just last week by an overwhelming margin—I think it was 338 to 88. It would end bulk collection by only allowing the Federal Government to seek call records retained by the telecommuni-cations industry once it has estab-lished a record is relevant to an ongo-ing investigation. 
Records would no longer be stored by 
the government but would remain in the hands of telecommunications com-panies, which under FCC rules, in order to ensure that there is customer access to records in the case of a dispute, they are retained for 18 months. This bill strikes an important balance by pro-tecting American’s privacy and ensur-ing our government can still keep our Nation safe. 
In fact, there are some who might 
argue that the USA FREEDOM Act would allow a stronger and more ro-bust and more effective series of ac-tions to keep our Nation safe. I urge my colleagues to support it. I know these are difficult decisions for us to make. I know we all have concerns about our Nation’s security, but we have to all have concerns about our Nation’s freedom. 
We fought for it from the very begin-
ning of our country. I want to just thank and salute Members here, col-leagues, and in particular my colleague from Kentucky for being insistent that we have clarity about time. We were 
told 4 years ago, when the reauthoriza-tion fight was happening, that time had run out and that we needed to re-authorize it, without considering need-ed reforms that were discussed and de-bated in the Judiciary Committee. 
Two years ago, some of the core ele-
ments of this were exposed to the world. A lot of my constituents raised legitimate and serious concerns about it. Whether we are being asked to ex-tend it for 2 week or 2 days or 2 hours, I think time has run out for us to even discuss reauthorizing a program that has explicitly been held illegal. We in-stead need to come together and take up and pass the USA FREEDOM Act. 
Would my colleague from Kentucky 
confirm that is the situation on the floor at the moment and on behalf of which he was speaking? 
Mr. PAUL. I think what is still un-
clear to me is what will be taken up and what votes there will be on this. I believe that the debate is a very impor-tant one, that it is one we should en-gage in and have a significant time to talk about, and there should be amend-ments. As you know, sometimes the amendments get offered and then things sort of fall away. 
I want to ensure that on something 
this important that comes up only once every 3 years and on which the court just below the Supreme Court has said we are doing something ille-gal, that we don’t just gloss over and say we are going to keep on doing something the courts have said is ille-gal. 
As far as the end result of where it 
goes, I want to end bulk collection. So I agree with all of the people on the USA FREEDOM side. I am a little con-cerned that we might be transferring government bulk collection to pri-vately held bulk collection. 
In the selector terms they use in the 
USA FREEDOM Act, it says ‘‘person.’’ It says ‘‘specific person.’’ I think it de-fines ‘‘person,’’ though, as still includ-ing corporations. My concern is that you could write into specific person ‘‘Verizon’’ again, and we are back where we started. 
So if we could get to a point of, No. 
1, allowing some amendments to be voted on and maybe changing it such that you can’t have—see, to me, the biggest issue here is a general versus a specific warrant. I don’t want warrants that you can get everybody’s records all at once or even one company’s. I want the warrant to say—and I am fine with getting terrorists. I want to get terrorists. If John Doe is a potential terrorist, put his name on it. You can go as deep as you want into the phone records, but do specific warrants. But I don’t like it if you just say: I want everybody’s records from a phone com-pany. 
So I am concerned that we are trad-
ing one bulk collection for another form, and I need to be a little more as-sured on that. I think there might be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.101 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3147 May 20, 2015 
room for it if people were open to dis-
cussion on how we could figure out a way to get something through because it is going to difficult, as you know, to get to 60. It is going to be hard either way. The other side wants the bulk col-lection, and if people want the bulk collection, they want more of it. And then there are at least half of us who think it is the wrong thing to do. 
I don’t know the outcome, but I was 
uncertain enough that I came today to come to try to draw attention to it. And if I had a request today, it would be the leadership to let amendments to go forward, that we agree on having a pretty free amendment process. 
This is only every 3 years, and it is a 
big deal. We don’t have much legisla-tion come before us where an activity has been said to be illegal by an appel-late court, we continue to do it, and then people want to advocate to con-tinue to do something that is illegal. But I am going to try to see what I can get. I am hoping to get an answer— maybe today—from leadership on whether they will allow amendments to this. I want to be pretty certain that is going to happen because they seem to fall away sometimes. 
Mr. TESTER addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator from Kentucky yield for a question? 
Mr. PAUL. I want to continue to 
keep the floor. I yield for a question without losing the floor. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, first, I 
thank the Senator from Kentucky for what he is doing. I think this is very important, and I stand here today with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to protect Americans’ privacy rights. 
I am very much concerned by the 
overreach we have seen in the name of national security, and I oppose efforts to reauthorize any piece of it without real reforms. 
Folks in Montana know I have been 
an opponent of the PATRIOT Act since it was signed into law. Why? Because the PATRIOT Act violates law-abiding citizens’ rights to privacy—something we hold dear in this country. We do need to make this country as secure as we possibly can, but we cannot do that at the expense of our constitutional rights. 
It has been talked about here earlier 
today that a Federal court recently ruled that the NSA bulk data collec-tions are illegal, flat illegal. But keep in mind that the NSA used the PA-TRIOT Act to authorize those data col-lections. Yet, in the Senate, some of our colleagues think we should reau-thorize those expiring provisions with-out even having a debate on the merits. We have seen this before. It has hap-pened several times since I have been in the Senate. 
Trying to jam an extension of the 
PATRIOT Act through the Senate at the last minute is not fair to this body, and it is not fair at all to the American people. We deserve a real debate on pri-vacy and security in the Senate. It is too important of an issue not to. We 
have to put some sideboards on our na-tional intelligence agencies so that they can keep us safe without violating our constitutional rights. We need a real debate on this issue. 
Last week, the majority leader made 
a decision to deprive the Senate and the public of debate by taking up a trade bill which we could have passed in June. No doubt about it, we are ap-proaching the Memorial Day recess. Some folks are anxious to go home, but we have work to do. I will continue to work with my colleagues to ensure that we make real reforms to the PA-TRIOT Act. If the people in this body don’t know that this is important, they don’t know the Constitution. 
I thank everybody who spoke on the 
floor today. We need to have a debate. We need to have a debate on what the PATRIOT Act is about, how it is being utilized, and how we need to move for-ward. An extension is not acceptable. 
I yield the floor back to the Senator 
from Kentucky and thank him for the work he has done on this issue. 
Mr. PAUL. I thank the Senator from 
Montana, and I think that is further evidence that there is bipartisan sup-port for the Constitution. 
The PATRIOT Act went too far. We 
have heard from both Senators from Montana, from opposite parties, who both wanted to defend the individual, wanted to defend the Bill of Rights, and think that we have let the govern-ment go too far. I think the American people agree with this as well. 
I think without question—this is one 
of those things that are kind of per-plexing, if you think about it. If you ask most Americans, if you do a poll or a survey or ask most Americans ‘‘Should the government be allowed to look at your phone records without any suspicion that you have committed a crime?’’ I think there are a very low number who think that. But then when you get to Washington, it is almost the opposite. You have people in Wash-ington who have, I think, viewpoints that are really out of step with what the American people want. 
I think the American people really 
have decided that the bulk collection of records is wrong, that it is unconsti-tutional. The second highest court in the land has said it is illegal. Yet, you still have a significant body of people in this country saying: Not only keep doing it, let’s do more of it. 
The problem is that if we are going 
to allow records to be collected with-out individualized suspicion, what we are doing is allowing something, when 
we talk about bulk collection, that has no sort of determinants for what sus-picion is. You can imagine what the danger of that is if you apply that to everything. 
Also, in an age where we have com-
puters that can analyze and hold so much information—they are building them bigger and bigger and gathering more and more and processing this in-formation—there is great danger that could come from this. I wrote something about ‘‘1984’’ a 
couple of years ago, and I said when I read it the first time—and a new big brother, you know, was the danger of all these things. I thought, Oh, this is terrible. But I felt comforted. I read it probably in 1978. 
We didn’t have the technology to 
eavesdrop on everyone. We didn’t have the technology to know everyone’s whereabouts. We didn’t have the tech-nology to have cameras in every house. 
In the book, they talked about look-
ing at people back and forth through two-way televisions and monitoring. Everybody, as you know, had to be careful where books were placed. You had to read in secret basically. But be-cause the technology didn’t exist when I read ‘‘1984,’’ I really wasn’t as con-cerned about it. But the thing is that you don’t lose your freedom in one fell swoop; you lose it a little bit at a time. 
People say: Well, the people doing 
this are good people. 
It is like the President said. When 
the President signed legislation a few years ago that said that an American citizen can be detained without a trial, he said: But I am a good man, and I won’t use this power. 
It is sort of a fundamental misunder-
standing of law and the rule of law that you think that the goodness of yourself or the goodness of the individuals around you somehow is the protection of the law. The law is really to protect you against bad people. The law is to protect you when bad people get in of-fice. The law—and those who believe in the rule of law—is based on the fact that there is an understanding that in the time of history, people were demo-cratically elected who were bad people and that people, once given power, be-come addicted to it and they want more of it. 
Lincoln once wrote that any man can 
stand adversity, but if you want to truly challenge a man, give him power. That is what we are talking about. We are talking about unlimited power. We are not even talking about power that is constrained by law at all. 
The whole idea that the PATRIOT 
Act has anything to do with the bulk collection is a farce. The President’s privacy commission has really put this in bold for us, that really there is noth-ing about the PATRIOT Act that has any resemblance to what we are doing with bulk collection. So that is not only the rule of law, that is people within government, within the execu-tive branch, who have made the deci-sion that they are going to do whatever they want. 
One of the things that worries me 
about this debate—and I think it is good that we are having the debate— there is apparently a section of the PA-TRIOT Act as we passed it the last time that says that if the PATRIOT Act is not extended, all things pre-viously being investigated before will continue. So we really kind of have a perpetual PATRIOT Act, if you will. That worries me a little bit, but then it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.103 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3148 May 20, 2015 
worries me a little more that we are 
not even really paying attention to the PATRIOT Act; we are doing whatever we want. It is sort of a lawlessness that allows us to collect bulk records be-cause there is no relevance to an inves-tigation. As they said in the privacy commission, we are collecting the records before there is any investiga-tion. So there is no relevancy to an in-vestigation. The investigation hasn’t started yet, unless the investigation could be defined as everything. 
I like the way they put it. They said 
we would have to destroy the definition of ‘‘relevancy’’ to believe that there is any component of relevancy to these investigations. 
But we are collecting records of 
every American all of the time right now. It may not be just phone records; they say the biggest source of collec-tion now is probably actually through section 702 of FISA, the FISA amend-ments. We are not exactly clear who gets scooped up in that. 
Once again, if these are the records of 
foreigners, if these are the records of people bent upon attacking us, I am all for getting that. But the way they are collected—and by some allegations, in-tentionally so—we are sometimes tar-geting a foreigner, so we don’t have to use a standard at all in order to get in-formation on an American. 
So let’s say they want information 
on you. I am not sure why, because some of this is being used for drug crimes and domestic crimes. So let’s say they want information on you and they don’t want to get a warrant or a judge says no. In fact, that sometimes happens, that the FISA Court judge says no and then they use one of these other end-around ways that don’t even require a FISA Court judge. 
The level of lawlessness is appalling. 
The level of lawlessness is astounding. It disappoints me that the President, who was once considered by some to be somewhat of a civil libertarian, does nothing. When the President ran for of-fice, the President said that national security letters ought to be signed by judges. He was in the exact same place where I am on civil liberties with re-gard to these warrants, the national se-curity letters. Yet, his administration issues them by the hundreds of thou-sands. I don’t think they are even re-porting these anymore for us. I think they were reporting them for a few years, but we are no longer getting in-formation. 
But it disappoints me that the Presi-
dent is not really willing to do any-thing about this. The President could end the bulk collection tomorrow. It is done by Executive order; it could be undone by Executive order. 
It is disingenuous, at the very least, 
that the President says: Oh, yes, we are going to balance liberty and security. 
Well, no, he is not. He is not bal-
ancing anything. He is just continuing 
to collect all of our records without a warrant. He is continuing to do bulk or general collection of records without a warrant. I think the American people are 
ready for us to be done with this. My hope is that during today we will call attention to this and that the Amer-ican people will say: Who are these peo-ple who want to keep collecting our records without a warrant, and why do they still want to do this when the peo-ple who have investigated it have de-termined that no one has been cap-tured by this program, no one has been uniquely identified by this program? 
So there really is a consideration of 
whether we are going to listen to the American people. Are we going to wake up? Are we a representative body? 
This question is, Are we going to 
allow a debate on something that only comes around every 3 years or are we going to say ‘‘My goodness, it is the weekend, it is Memorial Day weekend, and we are up against a deadline, and we just don’t have time to listen to this. We don’t have time to talk about the Bill of Rights because we just don’t have time. I know it has been 3 years that we have known this date was com-ing up, but we don’t have time’’? 
I think at the very least we could 
make time, and that is my request today. My request of the leadership on both sides of the aisle is: Can we not make time? There are at least 10 or 15 of us who will cosponsor about 5 or 6 amendments that we want votes on. Frankly, I think with the mood of the country, we have a chance on a few of these. 
I would like to see how a vote would 
turn out on the idea, for example, that we are using a less-than-constitutional standard to gather information that we say is for terrorism, but then we put people in jail domestically for crimes that are completely and entirely unre-lated to terrorism; that whether or not we can use information gathered in a nonconstitutional or a less-than-con-stitutional way is going to be used for domestic crime. 
If you believe that, it means we are 
carving out in our domestic laws an area where the Constitution doesn’t en-tirely apply. Section 213 allows the en-tering of the house in a nonconstitu-tional way—a way that, if it were done in a straight-up fashion, the courts would say it is illegally gathered infor-mation and wouldn’t be admissible in court. 
I think we ought to have a vote. Is 
the PATRIOT Act our less-than-con-stitutional means of gathering infor-mation to be used in domestic court? 
Here is the other question, if they 
will be honest with us: Are they using them in any other courts? Are there IRS investigations that begin as ter-rorist investigations but end up in IRS court? 
In some ways, I think yes is the an-
swer. We have now the IRS basing in-vestigations of people maybe for polit-ical purposes but definitely for the pur-poses of whether individuals are doing transactions in certain ways or wheth-er their records are in a certain way. And because it is done this way, we are not really requiring convictions before 
we take their stuff. This is a separate but related problem because it has to do with using records to gain entrance to people and to then take their stuff without a conviction. 
I think that is an important ques-
tion. Are we innocent until proven guilty? Are we really going to allow the government to take possession of your things, to take possession of your things without a conviction? I would think the presumption of innocence is an incredibly important doctrine that we shouldn’t so casually dismiss. 
This is a poll that was commissioned 
by the ACLU on Monday, and they asked a sample of 300 likely voters be-tween the ages of 18 and 39 a few ques-tions. 
It says: Which of the following state-
ments about reauthorizing the PA-TRIOT Act do you agree with more? 
Some people say Congress should 
modify the PATRIOT Act to limit gov-ernment surveillance and protect Americans’ privacy. Sixty percent agreed. 
Other people say Congress should 
preserve the PATRIOT Act and make no changes because it has been effec-tive in keeping America safe from ter-rorists and other threats to national security, like ISIS or Al Qaeda. That was 34 percent. 
Those are the overall numbers. If you 
look at it by all parties—Democrats, Independents, and GOP—it is 58 per-cent or greater. In fact, Democrats and Republicans are pretty equal, which is interesting, with 59 percent of Demo-crats and 58 percent of Republicans thinking we have gone too far in the PATRIOT Act and that Americans’ pri-vacy is being disturbed by the PA-TRIOT Act. 
If you look at Independents, it is 75 
percent among men who are Inde-pendent and 65 percent among women who are Independent. 
The survey asked people: Do you find 
it concerning the U.S. Government is collecting and storing your personal in-formation, like your phone records, emails, bank statements, and other communications? Eighty-two percent are concerned the government is stor-ing this information. 
Over three-quarters of voters found 
four different examples of government spying personally concerning to them: The government accessing personal communications, information or records without a judge’s permission— 83 percent—using that information for things other than stopping terrorists, such as I mentioned, doing convictions for drugs, were the most compelling ex-amples for voters. 
With regard to whether the govern-
ment accesses any of your personal communications, information or records you share with a company without a judge’s permission, people were asked to tell them whether they were concerned with this issue. Eighty- three percent were concerned. 
When asked about the government 
using information collected without a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.104 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3149 May 20, 2015 
warrant for things other than stopping 
terrorist attacks, 83 percent were con-cerned. 
When asked about the government 
allowing private companies to use pub-lic school technology programs to track online activities of school-children, 77 percent were concerned. 
When asked if the government per-
forms instant wiretaps on any phone or other telecommunications devices lo-cated in the United States, 76 percent were concerned. 
From this ACLU study of young peo-
ple—I believe they were all ages 18 to 39—participants were asked whether or not these were conditions that would lead you to believe that Americans need more protections of their privacy: Local police and the FBI need a war-rant issued by an independent judge for a valid reason before they search your home or property without your permis-sion; the same should be true of your email and phone records. And 84 per-cent agreed. 
If you ask that question in Wash-
ington, it is about a 10 or 15 percent question. Most people in Washington don’t think your email or your phone records should be protected by needing a warrant. But if you ask most Ameri-cans the question—particularly young Americans—should your email or your phone records be protected by a war-rant? Most people say yes. 
The government requires some com-
panies to intentionally include secu-rity loopholes in their services to make it easier for law enforcement to access your information. These are these backdoor things where they can insert malware. This makes the government less safe by leaving us vulnerable to terrorists and spies of foreign countries who want to harm the United States. Eighty-one percent were concerned with this and thought we should have more privacy. 
I think it is clear the American peo-
ple are concerned about what we are doing. What isn’t yet clear is whether the message has been transmitted to Washington; whether or not there is enough of a majority growing in Wash-ington to actually do something about this. But I think the numbers are grow-ing. 
Over 300 people in the House ac-
knowledged there was a problem and passed legislation. I have mixed feel-ings on the legislation. I think, with-out question, I agree with those who voted for it that bulk collection of records is wrong and that it should end. I have been a little more in the camp, though, that we should just end the bulk collection of records and replace it not with a new program but with the Constitution. 
I personally think we could survive 
with the Constitution. I think we could also survive and catch terrorists with the Constitution. In fact, I think we can get more information with the 
Constitution. I think valid warrants are much more powerful. A valid war-rant allows a great deal more informa-tion and it is also specific. Once we are doing valid warrants, we 
are not doing this sort of dragnet. We are not doing this sort of vacuuming up of everything. We are not becoming overwhelmed with a lot of incidental data. We are specifically going to the heart of things. We are specifically going to the core of whether we can ac-tually get the people who are attacking us. 
When we look at the privacy report 
we have talked a little bit about—the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, a bipartisan board that basi-cally said very explicitly to the Presi-dent that what he was doing is illegal— it does still boggle my mind the Presi-dent was told by his own privacy board what he was doing was illegal and he just keeps doing it. It somewhat bog-gles the mind that he was told by the appellate court that what he is doing is illegal and yet he just keeps doing it. 
It is an incredible deflection. It is in-
credibly disingenuous when the Presi-dent says: Well, we are going to bal-ance liberty and security, and I am just waiting for Congress to tell me what to do. Well, he didn’t wait for Congress to tell him to collect the phone records. In fact, we never did such a thing. 
Even the people intimately involved 
with passing the PATRIOT Act—those who were the cosponsors and authors of the PATRIOT Act—have all said they never intended and don’t believe the PATRIOT Act gives any justification for bulk collection of records. So Con-gress never authorized the bulk collec-tion of records. 
Two different Commissions the Presi-
dent has put forward—the privacy and civil liberties as well as the review commission—have both told him it is illegal. Yet he keeps going on. 
I have heard very little questioning 
of the President or his people about this. I kind of wonder why we don’t ask more questions, why we just sort of ac-cept that a program that is said to be illegal by the courts, a program that is said to be illegal by two different inde-pendent commissions—why wouldn’t we just stop it? Why does the President not have the wherewithal to stop it? It disappoints me. 
The program was actually begun 
even before the PATRIOT Act was fi-nalized. We did this for a couple of years simply by Presidential edict. This is another concerning develop-ment in our country; that more and more of our government is run by Ex-ecutive edict or by Executive order— thousands and thousands of Executive orders. 
In the 1950s, we had a discussion of 
Executive orders. I think it is the only time it has gone to the Supreme Court with the Youngstown Steel case. In that case, the Court came down and said there are three different kinds of Executive orders: There are Executive orders that are clearly in furtherance of legislative action, and those are per-fectly legal. There are Executive orders that are debatable, whether they fur-ther legislative action or not. But then there are some Executive orders that 
are clearly in defiance of what the leg-islature has done, and these are clearly illegal. And the Supreme Court struck down what Truman had done. 
I think we need to revisit that de-
bate. Because what is happening in our country—and it may well be the big-gest problem in the country and is part of what is going on with this bulk col-lection but really is part of a bigger problem—is that power has drifted away from Congress or has been abdi-cated and given up. We gave the power to the Presidency, and we didn’t do it just in one fell swoop. It wasn’t just Republicans. It wasn’t just Democrats. It was a little bit of both, and it has been going on for probably over 100 years now. I think it accelerated in the era of Wilson, but over decades it has gotten bigger and bigger and bigger. Under the New Deal, the executive branch grew an alarming amount, but more recently it continues to grow by leaps and bounds. 
It may well be that the No. 1 issue we 
face as a country is that we have had what some have described as a collapse in the separation of powers. Madison talked about that each branch would have ambition to protect their own power; so we would pit ambition against ambition and then each would jealously guard their power, and, as such, power wouldn’t grow. Power would be checked. But power has grown. It has grown alarmingly so and mostly grown and gravitated to the ex-ecutive branch. 
In the short time I have been here, I 
have seen that in many ways the least of our bureaucrats are more powerful probably in some ways than the great-est of our legislators, and the most powerful of our legislators are some-what of less power than bureaucrats. 
Almost every constituent that comes 
to talk to me from Kentucky and has a problem with government—as we ex-plore the problem and explore the solu-tion, we discover that Congress didn’t pass their problem. Congress didn’t write the rule that is beleaguering them. Congress didn’t inflict the pun-ishment that is making it difficult for them to run their business. It was done by an unelected bureaucrat. 
This has grown, and sometimes it has 
grown from even when we had good in-tentions. We tried to do the right thing and it turned out wrong. Probably that is really the story of Washington as well. 
Take even the Clean Water Act. The 
Clean Water Act I support. I would have voted for it from 1974. It says you can’t discharge pollutants into a navi-gable stream. I agree with that. The problem is that over about a 40-year period we have come to define dirt as a pollutant and my backyard as a navi-gable stream. So, once again, we have taken our eye off the prize. 
The things we really ought to have 
the government involved with—big bodies of water, bodies of water be-tween the States, rivers, lakes, oceans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.105 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3150 May 20, 2015 
air—there is a role for the government 
to be involved. But because we have people abusing the rights of private property owners and saying, if you put dirt in your backyard, we will put you in jail, it has become sort of to the point of craziness. But it is all execu-tive branch overreach. 
There was a case that went to the Su-
preme Court a few years ago in Idaho. A couple lived near a lake but about a mile from a lake. They didn’t live on the lake. It was on an incline, and there were houses on both sides of their property. So they bought their prop-erty and started doing what everybody else did—back-hoeing, creating a foot-print, filling it and putting down foot-ers. 
The EPA showed up and said: You are 
destroying a wetland, and we are going to fine you $37,000 a day. 
They were kind of like: Well, I 
thought if it were a wetland, there would be water or standing water or it would look like the Everglades or there would be some sort of evidence that it was wetlands. 
The EPA said: Yes, there is evidence. 
If any one of 300 different species of plants grows in your backyard, we can define it as a wetland. If we can take leaves and flip the leaves over and they are black on the bottom, it indicates there is moisture on the leaves and you could be a wetland. 
This all came out of crazy executive 
overreach. We did not do any of that. Congress did not do one iota of this ex-pansion. It was done some by these law courts—these EPA courts—but it was done a lot by executive definition of what a wetland is. 
In the early 1990s, under a Republican 
President, we redefined wetlands. They commissioned a book—a 150-page book, 200-page book—and they just redefined what a wetland was. By redefining what a wetland was, we doubled the amount of wetlands in the country overnight—not by preserving land but by redefining a lot of land that really is not a wetland. 
Now, through the waters of the 
United States, we are connecting ev-erybody to the ocean somehow and say-ing that every bit of land is somehow connected to navigable water. 
I was talking to one of the Senators 
from Idaho a year or so ago and I liked what he told me. He told me: In Idaho, we have a very precise definition of what a navigable stream is. You put a log in of a two-inch diameter, and it has to float 100 feet in a certain period of time. I just loved the definition of it because that sounds like a stream that is probably moving and there is water in it. But we now say a crevice in the side of a mountain, if when it rains water goes over, it is a stream. But as a consequence, we are shutting down America. 
People complain about jobs, but they 
are all for these regulations, and then they complain that they don’t have a job. 
One gentleman decided he was going 
to put dirt on his land in Southern Mis-sissippi. It was what he considered to 
be uplands. There were trees growing on it, so usually trees are not really a typical feature of wetlands. His daugh-ter was 43 at the time and he was 70. They were going to develop the lots and sell the lots, and so he dumped some dirt there. The EPA got involved and they convicted him using the RICO statutes. This is what you are supposed to get gangsters and drug dealers with. It was conspiracy. They got him for conspiracy to violate the Clean Water Act by putting clean dirt on his own land where there was no water to begin with. He was given 10 years in prison. He just got out of prison about a month ago. He is now 80 years old. That is what is happening in America. 
So if you wonder why some of us are 
worried about our records being snatched up, we are worried that our own government has run amok, that our own government is out of control, and that our own government is not really paying attention to us. 
To put a 70-year-old man in prison 
for 10 years for putting clean dirt on his own land—the person who did that ought to go to jail. They ought to be put in a stockade, publicly flogged, and made to pay penance for a decade for doing something so stupid. 
But the thing is this is going on. A guy named John Pozsgai was a 
Hungarian immigrant. He came here from communism and he loved our country. He worked hard and he had a mechanic shop in Morristown, NJ. It wasn’t in the greatest part of town. It was a commercial part of town. Across the street from him was a dump. It did flood on occasion, but the reason it flooded was because the ditches were full of 7,000 tires. People were just throwing all kinds of crap there. There were all kinds of rotted-out auto-mobiles. It was a junkyard, so they had thrown all this stuff out there. 
He bought the land pretty cheaply 
because it was a junkyard, and he de-cided to clean it up. He picked up 7,000 tires. He picked up all the rusted auto-mobiles. And, lo and behold, when he cleaned the drainage ditches, it no longer flooded. But he started putting some dirt on there and the government said he was breaking the law and that he was once again contaminating the wetlands. He was a Hungarian and he didn’t like to be told what to do, and I can understand the sentiment. So he just kept putting dirt on there. He de-cided to do it at night, and they caught him because they spent—I don’t know—a quarter million dollars on cameras and surveillance to catch a guy putting dirt on his own land. 
He was bankrupted. They put him in 
jail for 3 years, they fined him 200-and- some thousand dollars. They wiped him out so he couldn’t pay the taxes. They broke his spirit. I met his daughter. It 
is just a tragic case. 
So if you wonder why some of us are 
worried about the government having all of our records— 
I talked earlier about what happened 
in Westchester, and this is an appalling thing. This should make you concerned 
about having records. In Westchester— I think that is where the Clintons live. Anyway, they decided they would re-veal all the gun records. So in West-chester they revealed whether you had a gun or didn’t have a gun and where you lived. 
Can you imagine how that might be a 
problem? Let’s say you are a wife who has been beaten by your ex-husband and you live in fear of him and you ei-ther have a gun or you don’t have a gun. Either way, you don’t want your ex-husband to know where you live. And particularly if you don’t have a gun, you don’t want your ex-husband who beat you to know you don’t have a gun. 
Think if you are a prosecutor or a 
judge. They get threatened by the peo-ple they put in jail. Would you want your name in the paper with your ad-dress and that you have a gun or don’t have a gun? 
So you can see how privacy is kind of 
a big deal. Privacy can mean life and death in that kind of situation. 
I think we ought to be more cog-
nizant of what a big deal this is and what a big deal the Bill of Rights is. We shouldn’t be so flippant that we are like: Oh, yes, whatever. We have to be safe. Maybe we catch a terrorist, maybe we don’t, but we have to do this and we just have to give up some of our freedom to be secure. 
It turns out, though, when we look at 
the objective evidence, it doesn’t ap-pear we are safer. It appears that when they have alleged that we are safer, what has happened is that it doesn’t look like we have gotten any unique intelligence from these things. 
I think there is probably nothing 
more important than discussing the Bill of Rights and talking about our civil liberties. I think we need to have an adequate debate. It is supposed to be what the Senate was famous for. 
My hope is that from drawing some 
attention to this issue today we will get an agreement, and that is the agreement we are going to ask for. We are going to ask for an agreement from both parties to allow amendments to the PATRIOT Act, and we could start any time they are ready. If somebody wants to send a message to the leader-ship that if they are ready to come out and allow debate and allow amend-ments on the PATRIOT Act or a prom-ise to do this before the expiration, we could probably get something moving. 
I think the American people are 
ready for that debate. We can look at the statistics, particularly among young people. It is a 70- to 80-percent issue, where young people are saying, for goodness’ sake, we don’t want our records scooped up and backed up by the government without any suspicion. 
I think also young people get this 
more than others because they are used to their records being digital, they are used to their records being on their phone. They are very aware that their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.107 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3151 May 20, 2015 
records are stored on a server some-
where, and they have grown to expect privacy. 
Some say, oh, that is crazy. Young 
people share their information all the time. Well, you do and you don’t. I share my information when I buy things online, but I am sharing it through an agreement. The people I share it with, the companies that then market other things to me, have agreed, through a privacy agreement, not to share my information, not to sell my information. I am to be anony-mous. They will market to me, but they promise to keep me anonymous. We are comforted by the fact that we have a privacy agreement, and that if millions of people sued them, they couldn’t get away with revealing our information. 
What I don’t like about some of the 
different things we are doing—and this includes the USA Freedom Act—is that we give liability protection. When we give liability protection, I think it is an invitation to say: You know what. Your privacy agreement isn’t really that important, and if you breach it, nobody is allowed to sue you. So I think that is something we ought to be very careful with, and if we do end up having a debate on this and we do end up having amendments on this, that we consider taking out the liability pro-tection. 
I also think the most important 
thing is if we decide that bulk collec-tion is wrong, we need to understand how you get bulk collection. You get bulk collection because you have a nonspecific warrant. You don’t have an individualized warrant; you have a gen-eral warrant. 
This is what we have been fighting 
since the time of John Wilkes in 1760 in England, to James Otis in the 1760s here through John Adams. The debate and the thing that we found most egre-gious, the thing that we found most ob-jectionable was the idea that a warrant for your information wouldn’t have your name on it, it wouldn’t be individ-ualized or that it wouldn’t be without suspicion or that it would occur with-out a judge’s warrant. It really was one of the things that annoyed us more than anything else. One of the things that Adams said was the spark of our war for independence was just the sheer gall of British soldiers coming into our house without a warrant be-cause most of the records are in your house. We don’t see basically the phys-ical and abrupt entry into your house anymore, but it happens nonetheless. It happens in just less of a physical way because your records are virtual now. But how we let people come into our house is pretty important. 
On the issue of warrants—this isn’t 
specific to the PATRIOT Act, but it is a related issue. The issue is whether we should allow people to come into our house in the middle of the night with what is called a no-knock raid. The sneak-and-peek, they come in and leave. But the no-knock raid, you know they are there when they come. The 
problem is that people were being woken up in the middle of the night and they were grabbing their gun by their bedside. If they are in a high- crime neighborhood, they have a gun by their bedside and they are some-times shooting the police. Mostly they are looking for drugs. I hate drugs about as much as anybody. I have seen addiction to drugs, I have worked with people as a physician and I know what it is like. But the thing is that barging through doors in the middle of the night leads to accidents in both ways: Police get shot; police accidentally shoot the victims sometimes. 
In Modesto, I think in 2002, they 
burst into a home at 1 or 2 in the morn-ing, yelled and screamed: Everybody get on the ground. There was an 11- year-old kid. He got on the ground, and the officer’s shotgun accidentally dis-charged. It was an accident, but it didn’t help the kid. He died. 
The thing is, do we really need that? 
Do we need to come in the middle of the night looking for marijuana or any kind of drug? Couldn’t we come in the daytime and knock on the door and say: We have a warrant. 
I know police work is not without 
risk and people do shoot back at them. So I understand where they are coming from, and I want to protect them and for them to be safe. I want to protect the police, but I actually think it pro-tects the police more if we go in the way we do with traditional warrants and not without unannounced war-rants. 
Of course, there are different cir-
cumstances or exigencies. There are times when the police go in without any warrant at all. If there is some-thing imminent going on or some threat of a danger or situation inside, the police go in. I think, for the most part, we are better off if we do things and do them in the traditional way with warrants. 
When we talk about how warrants 
have changed, one of the changes is the standard for what the warrant is issued with. Even if it were individualized, if it says that you only have to say they are relevant to an investigation. That is a big step down from probable cause. People have defined ‘‘probable cause’’ over time in different ways. 
This is from Ballentine’s Law Dic-
tionary. A common definition of ‘‘prob-able cause’’ is ‘‘a reasonable amount of suspicion, supported by circumstances sufficiently strong to justify a prudent and cautious person’s belief that cer-tain facts are probably true.’’ 
Some lawyer must have written that. 
But you can kind of get a little bit of understanding that we are supposed to go through some kind of thought proc-ess and there is supposed to be evidence of suspicion. It is not the standard of proving guilt, proving beyond the pre-
ponderance of the fact or any kind of doubt. It is a standard, and it is a standard we have had for a long time. 
The Oxford Companion to American 
Law defines ‘‘probable cause’’ as: ‘‘In-formation sufficient to warrant a pru-
dent person’s belief that . . . evidence of a crime or contraband would be found in a search. ‘Probable cause’ is a stronger standard of evidence than a reasonable suspicion, but weaker than what is required to secure a criminal conviction. Even hearsay can supply probable cause if it is from a reliable source or supported by other evi-dence.’’ 
It is kind of interesting because peo-
ple are so worried about getting a war-rant, even a warrant can be supported by someone making an accusation. It is not perfect. In fact, there are some peo-ple who complain warrants are too easy to get. But the thing is there is no evidence that it is really overly hard to get a warrant. If we went back to the Constitution—I had this debate years ago the last time I came up for re-newal, and I was walking along with one of the other Senators who sup-ported the PATRIOT Act. He acted as though, you know what, if it expires at midnight, what will we do? My re-sponse was maybe we could live with the Constitution at least for a while. We did for hundreds of years. 
Is there anything so unique about the 
times we live in that we could not still live under the Constitution? The Fourth Amendment has its origins in English common law. The saying that a man’s home is his castle, this is the idea that someone has the right to de-fend their castle or home from invasion from the government. 
Based on the castle doctrine in the 
1600s, landowners first recorded legal protection from casual searches from government. Some of the famous cases are actually in the 1760s, but even at least 100 years in advance of that, they were beginning to develop protections for people from the government. 
It is interesting to realize this is not 
a new phenomenon where we are talk-ing about protecting ourselves from government. We protect ourselves and government helps us protect ourselves from others who may be violent against us. But we have always—for hundreds and hundreds of years—been aware that government does bad things too. If you do not ration the amount of power you give to government, you can get to the point where the great abuse comes from government itself. So they began to use warrants. But in England the debate quickly developed over whether a general warrant was ade-quate or a specific warrant. This is where John Wilkes comes in. This is where James Otis comes in. 
One of the debates over the separa-
tion of powers that we have—this is pretty commonly going on, although I think the people who believe in unlim-ited inherent powers are probably the majority of Washington. But there is a debate over what people call article II powers. The article II is where the Ex-ecutive is given powers under the Con-stitution, but there are people who sort of believe in this unlimited nature. There is really nothing that restrains 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.109 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3152 May 20, 2015 
it. In fact, some have said even in the 
debate over this, the Executive Order No. 1233 that is involved in some of this records production, it is really none of our business because it is article II. It is part of the inherent powers of the President to, in times of war or times of conflict, to do whatever they need to do. 
I think that is a dangerous suppo-
sition, to think that really there are times when there are no checks and balances. I personally think probably one of the most genius things we got out of our Founding Fathers was the checks and balances and the division of power. 
Montesquieu was one of the philoso-
phers the Founding Fathers looked to and some say when we were setting up the separation of powers that he was probably where we got the example. Montesquieu said that when the Execu-tive begins to legislate, a form of tyr-anny will ensue because you have al-lowed too much power to gravitate to one body and you have not divided the power. The division of power was one of the—if not the most important—the most important things we got from our Founding Fathers. But we are having this collapse of the separation of pow-ers. It is getting to be where there is an ancillary body which is Congress, and then there is the executive branch, the behemoth, the leviathan. 
The executive branch is so large that 
really the most important laws in the land are being written by bureaucrats. No one elects and no one can unelect. In an average year, there are over 200 regulations that will cost the economy $100 million apiece. We do not vote on any of them. We vote indirectly for the President, but I think that is so indi-rect that it is a real problem. 
I think what we have now is an exec-
utive branch that legislates. The col-lapse of the separation of powers is a collapse of the equilibrium. This equi-librium is what kept power in check. When I think who is to blame for this, it is not one party; it is really both parties. 
When we have a Republican in office, 
Republicans tend to forgive the Repub-lican President and give them more power. When we have a Democrat in of-fice, the Democrats tend to forgive a Democrat and give the Democrat more power. 
A more honest sort of approach to 
this or a more statesman’s like ap-proach to this would be that if we were able to have both parties stand up as a body and if there were pride in the in-stitution of Congress—pride such that we were jealous of our power, that we were pitting our ambition to keep our position against the President regard-less of the President’s party affili-ation—then we might have a chance. 
A lot of the things about collection 
of bulk data were not known for years and years but have been going on for a long time. One of the things I found most troubling in the John Napier Tye op-ed was that he said—he was giving a speech and he said: Well, the good news 
is that if the American people are upset, if they are upset about things, intelligence activities, and they think it is an overreach, they have every op-portunity to use the democratic proc-ess to change things. This went through the White House censor and the White House censor—counsel, ad-viser, boss—decided they needed to take that out of his speech because they did not want to imply, really, that intelligence activities could be changed through democratic action, because they took the opinion appar-ently that the inherent powers of arti-cle II are not subject to democratic ac-tion. 
When I think of the people who say 
that the inherent powers are unlimited and the President has these powers that are not to be checked by Congress, I do not think of a Presidency. I think of a different word, and it is not ‘‘President.’’ 
I am very concerned about whether 
we are going to let this go on. There are some other side effects that come from this. As you allow the executive branch unlimited power and as you allow the bureaucracy to grow, a con-sequence or a side effect has been that the debt has grown to alarming propor-tions. We borrow about $1 million a minute. We have an $18 trillion debt. As the debt has grown larger and the executive branch has grown bigger, your Congress men and women have grown more ancillary and more periph-eral to the entire process. But I am one who believes there are limits. I think there is a limit to how much debt we can incur and how rapidly we can incur it. 
I think already we have seen sort of 
an anchor or a burden, an effect on the economy that pulls us down and causes growth to be less vibrant. Some say 1 million jobs a year are being prevented from being created because of this. 
I think that if we are not careful, 
this collapse of the separation power, this collapse of equilibrium, as we let this get away from us, we are also get-ting away from the control over our fu-ture. We are letting the power accumu-late in such a rapid fashion that if you want to see how much power is accu-mulating, you can almost make the analogy of looking at the debt clock. If you go to debtclock.org and watch the debt spiraling out of control, as the debt grows larger and larger, you basi-cally are seeing a diminishment of a corresponding diminishment of your freedom. It is of concern. 
It is of concern how rapidly this is 
happening. There are two philosophic reasons we should be concerned about power. One is that power corrupts. More basic than that is that as power grows, there has to be a corresponding loss of your freedom. I call this the lib-erty argument for minimizing govern-ment. Thomas Payne made this argu-ment. Thomas Payne said that govern-ment is a necessary evil. What did he mean by that? I think what he meant by that is that you need government. 
We need government for a stabilizing force. There are things government needs to do. But it is a necessary evil because you have to give up your lib-erty to have some government. How do you give up your liberty? You give up some of what you earn. Your liberty is who you are. Your liberty is what you produce with your hands, and your lib-erty is what people will pay you to do with your hands, what you do to produce. That is your income. That is you. That is your liberty. 
If we have 100 percent taxation, I 
would say you have no liberty. You are essentially a slave to the State. If you have 50 percent, you are only half 
slave, half free. The thing is that the smaller your government, the lower your taxation and the more free you are. But it is an argument for, if you are concerned about freedom, you would want as small a government as you possibly could have that still did the things that you think are nec-essary. 
The other argument I like for why 
you should keep your government small is what I call the efficiency argu-ment. The efficiency argument was best expounded by Milton Friedman, who said that nobody spends somebody else’s money as wisely as their own. There is sort of a truism to that. You think about it in your own life. If I ask you for $1,000 to invest in a business en-terprise, you will think: How long did it take me to earn $1,000. You will think: I had to pay taxes, I had to save, I had to pay all my expenses to get this $1,000. You will think how much you prize that, and you will not make the decision in an easy fashion. You will make your decision not perfectly, but if you compare your decision spending your money to a politician spending the money, it is just bound to be a wiser decision. It is a more heart- wrenching decision. It ends up typi-cally being a better decision. If you ask a politician for $1 million, that might be equivalent to $1,000 or it might not mean anything to him. You might ask him for $10 million. 
Think about it this way: We gave $500 
million to one of the richest guys in our country to build something that nobody seemed to want, and he lost all of the money. And you think to your-self, do you think the person in the De-partment of Energy that gave $500 mil-lion to one of the richest guys in the country to build something we didn’t want feels bad or doesn’t sleep well at night? No. I think they gave that per-son the money because that person was a big contributor. They were an activ-ist for their candidate, so when the candidate got in power, they used the Department of Energy as their own personal piggybank to pass out loans to their friends. Nobody feels bad about the fact that they lost the money be-cause it wasn’t their money. It is the efficiency argument for why you should think the government should be small. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.110 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3153 May 20, 2015 
Before the PATRIOT Act, there was 
something called Stellar Wind. This was a secret also, and we didn’t learn about this for many years, but this was started immediately after 9/11 and was revealed by Thomas Tamm at the New York Times in 2008. But it was basi-cally a prelude to the bulk collection we are having now. 
The amazing thing about bulk collec-
tion is none of this is new. It has been going on now for 14 or 15 years. It doesn’t make it any less objectionable, but it is not new. We have now had bulk collection under two different ad-ministrations. One administration got a great deal of grief for this, and then the next party ran and said: We are going to change these things and do things differently. And they did them the same or more so. There really had not been any change, and I guess that is why some people are concerned as to whether we will truly get change. 
The program’s activities in Stellar 
Wind involve data mining of large databases of communications of Amer-ican citizens, including emails, tele-phone conversations, financial trans-actions, and Internet activity. William Binney, a retired leader within the NSA, became a whistleblower because he believed these programs to be un-constitutional. 
The intelligence community was also 
able to obtain from the Treasury De-partment suspicious activity reports. So we are back to these banking re-ports that are issued. 
If we decide to fix bulk records and 
try to do something about this injus-tice, the main thing is we should be aware that this is not the only pro-gram. There are probably a dozen pro-grams. There are probably another dozen we have not even heard of that they will not tell any of us about. And realize that they are not asking Con-gress for permission; they are doing whatever they want. 
We did not give them permission 
under the PATRIOT Act to do a bulk collection of phone records. They are doing it with no authority or inherent authority or some other authority be-cause the courts have already told them there is no authority under the PATRIOT Act. There is also no com-monsense logic that could explain—no commonsense logic that could say there is a relevancy to all the data of every American. 
When Stellar Wind came about, there 
were internal disputes within the Jus-tice Department about the legality of the program because the data was being collected for large numbers of people, not just the subjects of FISA warrants. The Stellar Wind cases were referred to by FBI agents as pizza cases because many seemingly suspicious cases turned out to be food takeout or-ders. Imagine also that if we are look-ing for interconnecting spots, a lot of people order pizza. 
According to Mueller, approximately 
99 percent of the cases led nowhere. Nevertheless, internal counsel for the administration said that because the 
Nation had been thrust into an armed conflict by foreign attack, the Presi-dent has determined in his role as Com-mander in Chief that it is essential for defense against a further attack to use these wiretapping capabilities within the United States. He has inherent con-stitutional authority to order warrantless wiretapping. 
The memo goes one step further. It 
says that the President has the inher-ent constitutional authority to order warrantless wiretapping—we are talk-ing about warrantless, not any kind of a subpoena—an authority that Con-gress cannot curtail. 
If we really believe bulk collection is 
wrong and if we really believe we need to be a check and balance on the Presi-dent, we should just be getting started with reining him in on bulk collection because the President—this was the previous administration—says these authorities they are using cannot be curtailed by Congress. If you talk about a Presidency that has powers that are not checked by Congress, I don’t think you are talking about a Presidency here. There is another name for that kind of leader, but it is not ‘‘President.’’ 
The argument here is astounding. 
The argument here is that they can collect anything they want without a warrant because the President has the inherent constitutional authority to order warrantless wiretapping—an au-thority Congress cannot curtail. I think that is alarming. 
A few years later, the Office of Legal 
Counsel came back—this is also from the administration—and concluded that at least the email program was not legal, and then-Acting Attorney General James Comey refused to reau-thorize it. 
William Binney, a former NSA code 
breaker whom we have talked about and who is a whistleblower, talked about some of the activities of the NSA and said they have highly secured rooms that tap into major switches and satellite communications at both AT&T and Verizon. 
The article—I believe this was the 
New York Times—suggested that sup-posedly dispatched Stellar Wind—sup-posedly they were no longer doing this—continues as an active program. This conclusion was supported by the exposure of room 641A in AT&T’s oper-ation center in San Francisco in 2006. It gets back to the trust factor. 
The Director of National Intelligence 
said they were not collecting any bulk data, but he wasn’t telling the truth. They tell us Stellar Wind ended back in 2005 or 2006, but then we find a room at AT&T that is still hooked up directly to the NSA. 
I would like to see the phone compa-
nies be better defenders of our privacy, but with the PATRIOT Act, we gave them immunity. Even if there were some individuals in the phone compa-nies who cared about your privacy and thought your phone conversations should be protected, why do it? You 
can’t sue them. If you have a privacy agreement with your phone company, they don’t care. Nobody can sue them. You have no protection. You have no standing in the court to protect your-self. That is one of the problems with the USA FREEDOM Act, is that we are giving liability protection once again to the phone companies for something new. 
One question I would ask, if there 
was anybody who would actually tell me the answer, would be, if we already gave them liability protection under the PATRIOT Act, why are they get-ting it again under the USA FREEDOM Act unless we are asking them to do something new that they didn’t have permission for? 
The other thing about the USA 
FREEDOM Act is that if we think bulk collection is wrong, why do we need new authorities? Why are we giving them some kind of new authority? Are we restricting our authority in section 215 of the PATRIOT Act on one hand and then expanding it on another? 
I think when people are dishonest 
with you, you are right to be doubtful and you are right to try to cir-cumscribe and to put their power in a box so you can watch them and make sure they are honest. 
In June of 2013, the Washington Post 
and the Guardian published an article from the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral—a draft report dated March of 2009 that detailed the Stellar Wind Pro-gram. So in 2009, there was evidence that Stellar Wind was still going on. And realize that Stellar Wind is not what we are talking about. Stellar Wind would be other bits of informa-tion that are being collected beyond your phone records. 
I think if we had somebody here or if 
we had somebody who would honestly tell us, I would sure like to know if they absorb and collect all of our credit card information. I have a feeling it is probably done. I don’t know, and I have not been told, so I am not revealing a secret. I guess it is done. I am guessing all of your records are collected be-cause the thing is, we have the audac-ity of the executive branch saying they have inherent constitutional authority to do anything they want, to order warrantless wiretapping. According to the executive branch, they have an au-thority that Congress cannot curtail. That doesn’t sound like the Office of the Presidency to me; it sounds like a governmental official whom you have no control over. It sounds inconsistent or antithetical to a constitutional re-public. How can you have a Presidency that has unlimited power? That is what they are telling you. 
They are telling you it is in the serv-
ice of good. We are going to catch ter-rorists, and we are going to do good things. We are going to look at all of your information, but we are never going to abuse your privacy. 
During September 2014, the New York 
Times asserted, ‘‘Questions persist 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.112 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3154 May 20, 2015 
after the release of a newly declassified 
version of a legal memo approving the NSA Stellar Wind program, a set of warrantless surveillance and data col-lection activities secretly authorized after 2001.’’ The article addressed the release of a newly declassified version of the 2004 memo. Note was made that the bulk program—telephone, Internet, and email surveillance of American citizens—remained secret until the rev-elations by Edward Snowden and that to date, significant portions of the memo remain redacted in the newly re-leased version as well as that doubts and questions about its legality con-tinue to persist. 
When we go back to the Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as they get closer to their conclusion, they talk once again about the idea that you are only hearing one side. I think that no matter how honest and no matter how patriotic people are, one side just won’t do it. You can’t find the whole truth when only the government presents their position. The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board said that the proceedings with only one side being presented raised concerns that the court does not take adequate account of positions other than those of the government. They recommended the creation of a panel of private attor-neys and special advocates who can be brought into cases involving novel and significant issues by FISA Court judges. 
I think this would be a step in the 
right direction, but I think also that what we need to do is we should really probably give you the ability to have your own attorney. If this is a court proceeding, I think you need your own attorney so you have somebody who works for you and is your advocate. But a special advocate would be better than what we have. 
The Board goes on to conclude that 
‘‘transparency is one of the founda-tions of democratic governance. Our constitutional system of government relies upon the participation of an in-formed electorate. This in turn re-quires public access to information about the activities of the government. Transparency supports account-ability.’’ 
I could not agree more. It is even 
more important when we talk about the intelligence agency because of the extraordinary power we give to these people, the extraordinary power we give them to invade our privacy and to have tools to invade our privacy. We have to trust them, so there needs to be a degree of transparency. But trans-parency doesn’t have to involve state secrets. It doesn’t have to involve codes or names. But the transparency needs to involve what they are doing. Do we think any terrorist in the world doesn’t realize that all of the informa-tion is being scarfed up? It is not a se-cret that they are doing this. 
So we should have an open debate in 
a free society about how it should be done and whether we can gather infor-mation in a way that is consistent with 
the Constitution. 
When we get to the Privacy and Civil 
Liberty Board’s recommendations, they have several good recommenda-tions. 
No. 1, the government should end its 
section 215 bulk telephone records pro-gram, period. They say that the pro-gram as it is constituted implicates constitutional concerns under the First and Fourth Amendments. This is the President’s Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. 
Without the current section 215 pro-
gram, the government would still be able to seek telephone calling records directly from the communications pro-viders through other existing legal au-thorities. I think the other existing legal authorities could be the Constitu-tion. Could we not just call a judge and get a warrant and go down to the phone company and get what we want? I think there is a way we can do this that is still consistent with the Con-stitution. 
(Mr. GARDNER assumed the Chair.) The other recommendation they 
have, other than ending the program, is that when the bulk collection pro-gram is ended, the records should be purged so there is no chance that this can be abused again in the future. 
One of the arguments for the NSA 
has been that they collect the data, it is in a database, but it is only accessed when they have what they call reason-able, articulable suspicion. 
One of the recommendations of the 
privacy board, though, was that they not be given the ability to judge whether there is reasonable, articulable suspicion; that it would ac-tually go to an independent judge to determine that. So the recommenda-tion of the privacy board was that these should go to the review of the FISA Court before they are able to query the database. 
There are many different groups who 
have been fighting for our privacy in this country, and it is a coalition of people both from the right and from the left. We have seen it today as dif-ferent Senators have come to the floor. We have had Senators from the Repub-lican Party as well as from the Demo-cratic Party. We have had those from the right, from the left, conservatives, libertarians, and we have had progres-sives. There has been a combination of folks who also have one thing in com-mon, and that is the belief that the Bill of Rights should be protected. 
Among the private groups who have 
done a good job with this is Electronic Frontier Foundation. They have been one of the groups who have done a good job. In one of their newsletters, they quote R
ONWYDEN , who says: We have 
not yet seen any evidence showing that the NSA’s dragnet collection of Amer-ica’s phone records has produced any uniquely valuable intelligence. 
Patrick Eddington writes for CATO. 
CATO is another group who has been a good supporter of privacy. In an article that talks about the upcoming battle 
from a couple of weeks ago, he writes— this is on the USA FREEDOM Act, and this is sort of the big debate because many people on both sides of the aisle think the bulk collection of records is not constitutional. We think it exceeds the government’s power and it exceeds the Constitution. But what many are proposing to replace it with is the USA FREEDOM Act. 
This is what Patrick Eddington 
writes: The USA FREEDOM Act claims to end the controversial telephone metadata program, but a close reading of the bill reveals that it actually leaves key PATRIOT Act definitions of ‘‘person’’ or ‘‘U.S. person’’ intact, so a person is defined as any individual, in-cluding officer or employee of the Fed-eral Government, or any group, entity, association, corporation, or foreign power. 
So the question I have is, it sounds 
good that we are going to make the definition of whose records we go after when we say it is going to be a specific U.S. person. The problem is that we then define ‘‘person’’ as ‘‘corporation.’’ So we get back to the same argument: If we are going to search the database of all of a person’s phone calls and we say that a person is Verizon, we are again stuck collecting everybody’s records. 
What I don’t want to have happen 
and what I won’t be able to support is a bill that becomes bulk collection of a person’s records, just under a different venue. I am not sure that one’s privacy has been protected more if it were now just asking the phone companies for bulk collection where we were taking their data, sourcing it, and getting it from the companies after they gave it to the government. I am just not sure if it is that much—distinctly different. 
In the USA FREEDOM Act, they talk 
about the idea that we will get special advocates, and I am for that. I think that is a good idea. But Patrick Eddington points out a flaw. He says that the FISA Court has sole discretion to appoint or not appoint these amicus curiae or these special advocates. So it could be that a FISA Court that really has not been too inquisitive, a FISA Court that has determined that all of your records are somehow relevant, may not be the most inquisitive to ap-point an advocate for you if they have been able to define ‘‘relevance’’ as meaning all of the records. 
Another deficiency of the USA 
FREEDOM Act is that it does not ad-dress bulk collection under Executive Order 12333. The bill also fails to ad-dress bulk collection under section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act. 
One could say: What are you com-
plaining about? You are getting some improvement. You still have problems, but you are getting some improvement. 
I guess my point is that we are hav-
ing this debate, and we don’t have it very often. We are having the debate every 3 years, and some people have tried to make this permanent, where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.113 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3155 May 20, 2015 
we would never have any debate. Even 
though we are only having it every 3 years, it is still uncertain whether I will be granted any amendments to 
this bill. 
So, yes, I would like to address ev-
erything while we can. I think we ought to address section 702. I think we ought to—for goodness’ sake, why won’t we have some hearings on Execu-tive Order 12333? I think they may be having them in secret, but I go back to what Senator W
YDEN said earlier. I 
think the principles of the law could be discussed in public. We don’t have to reveal how we do stuff. Do we think anybody in the world thinks we are not looking at their stuff? Why don’t we explore the legality and the law of how we are doing it as opposed to leaving it unsaid and unknown in secret? 
Part of our secrecy is sort of back-
firing on us also because what is hap-pening is in keeping this secret, people believe the worst. Everybody around the world believes the worst about it. Everybody around the world believes that they are having all their stuff looked at, that their emails are being looked at. So if you are a businessper-son in Europe and you are trying to ne-gotiate a secure deal—a deal where you don’t want your competitors to know what you are offering to buy a certain company—I would think you probably wouldn’t use American email, and I would guess that is what is happening. 
American companies are starting to 
try to figure out a way around this, are trying to offer encryption. What does the government do? The President’s ad-ministration is all over the airwaves, all over Washington, all over the place talking about how the companies are somehow evil for wanting to encrypt their data. 
I saw the Secretary of the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security in my com-mittee the other day, and I said: You realize it is your fault. Is it the compa-nies’ fault that they are trying to pro-tect their information for their cus-tomers? They are trying to make a liv-ing. It is your fault for bullying them and stealing their information and stealing all of Americans’ information. We are simply reacting to the bully that you are. 
Most of the issues Patrick Eddington 
points out in his piece are issues that we actually have amendments for that would make the bill stronger. So if there are arguments that maybe the USA FREEDOM Act could be made bet-ter—definitely reauthorizing it by itself is a big mistake, but if alter-natives are going to be offered, maybe we could try to offer alternatives that make the USA FREEDOM Act better. 
The other idea Patrick Eddington 
puts forward is that there is no bar on the government imposing backdoors being built into electronic devices. That is what we have talked about be-fore, that the government is mandating to different companies that they have to have access to their product. 
I think it is an under-discussed devel-
opment that the companies are going to be more at risk for sabotage by for-
eign countries, foreign governments, and sabotage from hackers if they 
build a portal. So if the government says ‘‘We need a portal to stick our big nose in your business and suck up all your information,’’ my guess is that sophisticated hackers and sophisti-cated foreign governments will say that most of American software now has a flaw, and the American Govern-ment is getting into it. What do we think these people will do? They will develop programs to look for the flaws and churn through until they find our flaws. 
It is the opposite of what we should 
be doing. We should be trying to keep foreign governments, foreign snoopers, and foreign competitors out of our stuff, including the U.S. Government, but we are doing the opposite. 
There is a lot left to be desired with 
the USA FREEDOM Act. I try to be supportive of moving forward, but I can’t support it unless we are able to incorporate some of the other ideas I think are necessary. 
The people say we are just not doing 
enough. This week, many have come out and said: We have to collect more data. We are only collecting a third of the data. We have to get more data. 
The interesting thing is that we are 
spending $52 billion a year on intel-ligence in our country—$52 billion. We are spending $10 billion in the NSA alone. It is $167 per person in the United States. I think it is hard to argue we are not doing enough already. 
I think the argument can be made, though, that we are doing it in such a haphazard, all-collecting, all-con-suming, indiscriminate way that maybe we are not getting the best bang for our buck. 
There have been many groups out 
there. We mentioned Electronic Fron-tier Foundation, TechFreedom, Liberty Coalition, GenOpportunity, Competi-tive Enterprise Institute, FreedomWorks—a lot of different groups from right and left that are op-posed to this bulk collection of data. 
There is an interesting article re-
cently written by Anthony Romero with the ACLU, and the title of it is ‘‘The Sun Must Go Down on the PA-TRIOT Act.’’ In it he refers back to both of the review groups we talked about and the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, and he says and reiterates a point that is incredibly im-portant, that ‘‘there was no evidence at all that the NSA’s massive surveillance program had ever played a pivotal role in any investigation.’’ 
I think we ought to be able to figure 
out something from this, and we ought to be able to learn that not only is there a constitutional question of this, there is also the question of whether practically it is doing anything to make us safer. If it is not making us safer, it is extraordinarily expensive and we are losing our freedom in the process. Why don’t we shut it down? 
Different advocacy groups for a vari-
ety of opinions have put forward the idea that I think was represented in 
the NAACP v. Alabama. I believe this was back in the seventies, which set 
forth a First Amendment claim, and this claim is that there is a vital rela-tionship between freedom of associa-tion in privacy in one’s associations. The point is that sometimes when you are protesting either for or against something that is very unpopular, sometimes you even worry about your safety. There were people who lost their lives in the freedom movement, in the civil rights movement. There were people who lost their lives. And you can understand how in those days people might have been worried for anybody to know they belonged to the NAACP or they opposed the Jim Crow laws in the South. But it was an impor-tant case because it talks about how the fact is that information can be kept private and should be kept private for fear it will chill speech, for fear it will put a damper on who people would associate with, for fear that it would put a damper on dissent, which is a fundamental aspect of a Republic. 
In a letter from a couple weeks ago 
from some congressional leaders, they point out something that I think bears repeating. Mass surveillance, the bulk collection, harms our economy. Mass surveillance will cost the digital econ-omy up to $180 billion in lost revenue by 2016. 
We are not getting any new bad guys 
with this, we are abrogating privacy, and we are losing money. 
The Internet companies in our coun-
try, the whole software world, the whole hardware, all of this, have been some of America’s greatest triumphs, some of America’s greatest ingenuity. Yet we are willing to squash all that in a battle that really is going to damage our privacy, isn’t helping us in the war against terrorism, and is going to make it such that nobody in the world is going to want to buy American prod-ucts. I think it is a disgrace and, once again, I don’t think it is purposeful. Nobody wants to harm our companies, but I think it is just another unin-tended consequence—a bad policy not thought through. 
The ACLU commentary on the USA 
FREEDOM Act has come up with some ideas of things they think would make the bill stronger. One, they say the bill could be amended to prevent surveil-lance of individuals with no nexus to terrorism: 
The 2015 USA FREEDOM Act would au-
thorize the collection of records and commu-nications identified by a ‘‘specific term’’. . . . This would stop the government from conducting indiscriminate surveillance of virtually all citizens and from engaging in narrower but still-egregious forms of abuse, like the surveillance of everyone in an entire zip code or all those who use a given commu-nications provider, like Gmail. However, the current SST definition is still not strong enough to prevent ‘‘bulky’’ collection. . . . 
This is the point I have been making, 
and this is something you need to be very careful about in Washington, be-cause the minute you think you have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.114 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3156 May 20, 2015 
won a battle, secretly you have been 
beaten. You just don’t know it yet. We may still get a reform like this and then find out we are still going to get bulky collection; that a corporation’s name can be put in the specific selector term, and—so we were worried about the government giving us all of Verizon’s records. Now we are just sending a warrant to Verizon that has their name in it and we are getting all of their records. 
The example they put here is that 
you could still end up having the sur-veillance of everyone in the entire ZIP Code or all of those who use a given communications provider like Gmail. So Gmail is a specific term. Are we not still back where we were and have we really fixed the problem? 
The ACLU goes on to say that the 
bill should be amended to narrow the SST definition—the selector term—to prevent this kind of bulky surveillance. The bill should also make crystal clear, consistent with the Second Cir-cuit—which has come out since this bill was written—that section 215 can-not be used to amass Americans’ records for open-ended data-mining purposes unmoored from any specific investigation. 
I think this is incredibly important. 
The USA FREEDOM Act wants to take a step forward, but we need to make sure the ruling from the Second Circuit that has already passed, that we don’t do something that either moots the case or we don’t do something that ac-tually expands the power of 215 when the court has already restricted the power of 215. 
The ACLU’s second recommendation 
is that we should include procedures to ensure that the government purges ir-relevant information. Right now the bill would allow the collection of irrel-evant information under 215 and other authorities without minimization pro-cedures. 
This kind of reminds me—if you want 
to know how much information we are grabbing up and how worried to be about it, there was an article in the Washington Post a couple of months ago, and it said the President had been minimized 1,227 times. We are col-lecting the President’s data, all right. You can say, well, we are being fair, we are getting everybody’s. For goodness’ sake, we should not be collecting the President’s information. In fact, you might inadvertently have somebody reading that who really shouldn’t be reading the President’s information. We should not be collecting the Presi-dent’s information. That is ridiculous. But we are minimizing the President, which means we are finding it and sort of whitening it out and hoping nobody has read it in the process. 
There were earlier versions of the 
USA FREEDOM Act that included some of these basic protections on get-ting rid of or minimizing irrelevant in-formation from bulky surveillance. This is sort of the problem. This bill started out pretty good in the House, got out of committee, got sort of eaten 
up on the floor, and wound up losing a lot of the better stuff that was in it. 
The third recommendation is what 
we mentioned a few minutes ago, which is to make sure there is a strong advo-cacy, a special advocate; that it is a strong advocate that goes before the FISA Court. As the Second Circuit Court decision observes, adversarial ju-dicial process is vital, especially on matters as critically important as the government’s authority to spy on its citizens. This is a really important point, the adversarial judicial process. 
There are some—Judge Napolitano 
has written on this—and I think he has made the point that without an adver-sarial process, you really can’t even have a judicial process. If you don’t have people on both sides arguing or advocating for a position, there really isn’t a court. It really is not a judicial proceeding that we can recognize as finding justice. But the FISA Court only hears from one side, the govern-ment. 
But the ACLU points out that these 
advocates participate solely at the dis-cretion of the court and can make ar-guments that do not advance privacy and civil liberties. 
Yet, if you are hired by the govern-
ment, are you really going to be the best advocate for privacy? 
The fourth suggestion that the ACLU 
has to make the USA FREEDOM Act better is that we should limit addi-tional authorities that have been used to collect America’s records in bulk. We now know that the government has conducted bulk surveillance not only under 215 but also under a host of other statutes, including existing adminis-trative subpoena authorities. 
For example, for two decades, up 
until 2013, the Drug Enforcement Agen-cy operated a program that collected the international call records of Amer-icans in bulk, reporting under existing administrative subpoena laws. So here is a real question: What other authori-ties are we operating under that are collecting bulk records? They are doing it under administrative subpoena laws. They are doing it for the DEA. I still think the more I learn about this, the more questions I have as to how many other authorities are still collecting things. I would still like to know, are they collecting all the credit card in-formation in the country? Are they doing that under Executive authority? 
Are we really living in a country now 
where nobody in the government ques-tions someone when they say that under article II authority the Presi-dent can do whatever he wants and that this can’t even be corrected or challenged at all by Congress? 
The fifth recommendation from the 
ACLU is to stop the government from using section 702 of FISA as a backdoor to conduct surveillance on Americans. This was one of our amendments that we also have. In fact, most of these are amendments that I would present, if we are allowed to present them, which is sort of the purpose for being here, for 
wearing my feet out and my voice today, is that we would like to find out, Will the leadership allow us to have amendments? 
We would like to know and have an 
agreement that we will specifically be allowed to offer these amendments we have worked on for 6 months to a year now. We have waited for 3 years for the opportunity. We would like to know, Will leadership let us have these amendments? Will leadership allow a free and open debate over how to fix this bulk collection program? 
The backdoor thing with 702 is a 
pretty important thing. It is collecting enormous amounts of data. Earlier today we talked about how this data, that 9 out of 10 pieces of data are not about the target, they are just inci-dental. I think there was one estimate that we have had 90,000 targets, but it means that we have really had 900,000 bits of information on other individ-uals collected, but it all just gets stuck in a database. So the database keeps growing and growing and sometimes it is intentionally so, that we want to in-vestigate a guy here, but we don’t want to ask for a warrant, so we investigate a guy overseas that we know already talks to the guy over here, and now we are really investigating Americans without a warrant. So they rec-ommended we stop this backdoor ac-cess. This is something Senator W
YDEN  
and I have also been in favor of as well. 
Another recommendation the ACLU 
has is that our current laws punish in-dividuals for providing material sup-port to terrorists. I have no problem with that, but they have been used ap-parently to prosecute people seeking to provide humanitarian assistance. The USA FREEDOM Act should add an ex-plicit intent requirement to the mate-rial support law. 
There is another comment from the 
Sunlight Foundation by Sean Vitka, and the title is the ‘‘USA FREEDOM Act is about to pass through the House—is it a step backwards?’’ 
Sunlight and others have had major con-
cerns about the USA FREEDOM Act for some time. Broadly speaking, it isn’t a satis-factory level of reform given what we’ve learned in the past two years about govern-ment surveillance and the immense secrecy that surrounds it. Until last week, it’s fair to say some considered the bill a net positive, some a net negative and that no one thought it was enough for reform. 
As time has progressed, we’ve seen what 
began in 2013 as a decent, if tunnel-visioned, compromise chipped away at, including the transparency and accountability provisions ...  
I think this is an important point, 
because the USA FREEDOM Act start-ed out pretty good. It got a little bit less good over time. But think about where we are right now. It passed over-whelmingly in the House. The majority in the Senate does not want it because they think it lessens the bulk collec-tion too much. So they are going to chip away at it again. So imagine where we are going to be in the end if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.116 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3157 May 20, 2015 
that is what we are going to pass. I 
think it would be better to be done with bulk collection. Let’s be done with bulk collection. Let’s start over. 
But let’s not replace it with some-
thing that may end up being just as bad. The sacrifices made in the bill in order to secure these modest reforms grew more dramatic. For instance, the USA FREEDOM Act was always a threat to court challenges and may have mooted the ACLU’S tremendous court win last week, if it had passed last year. This is the point I have been making. The luckiest thing we ever got is that we did not pass the USA FREE-DOM Act last year because the courts are probably going to do right now a better job than legislation. 
If fact, we might be better off not 
passing the USA FREEDOM Act and seeing what the courts will do for us on this because there is a danger it moots the case. But there is a danger also that it is seen as actually giving jus-tification for the program, which I guess is kind of mooting the case as well. The ruling in the appellate court could also—they are agreeing with what I just said—do more than USA FREEDOM aspired to do, because it in-terprets the word ‘‘relevance’’, saying it does not authorize bulk collection and that that word is not used in sec-tion 215. 
So I think that is a good point, that 
the court is saying that the word ‘‘rel-evance’’ does not authorize bulk collec-tion. So you have got bulk collecting going on, but there is no authorization from 215 on it. 
Here is the question: Is USA FREE-
DOM going to allow bulky—perhaps bulk—collection, and do we wind up ac-tually giving back more power to the intelligence community when we are trying to limit their power? I think we need to be very careful with what we do here. 
Sunlight goes on to say—Sean Vitka: 
It’s unclear whether the primary goal of 
USA FREEDOM, the rewriting of Section 215 to stop bulk collection, is already accom-plished and whether USA FREEDOM could open us all up to more secret interpretations and new venues of surveillance. 
I think that is an incredibly impor-
tant question. Several groups that ini-tially supported USA FREEDOM have backed away from it. ACLU and EFF agree that the USA FREEDOM Act as it stands now is not worthy of support. I think some of these may be neutral on it, but they have backed away from some of their support. Some of the con-cerns that Sean Vitka talks about here are shortcomings in the USA Freedom Act. He says that it accepts the premise that mass surveillance under these programs is necessary, despite the findings of the congressional joint inquiry and the 9/11 Commission to the contrary, and also despite that the Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board said it was not necessary. 
Sean Vitka goes on to say that one of 
his other concerns is that the USA FREEDOM Act effectively continues mass surveillance under section 215 of 
the PATRIOT Act through the use of multiple NSA-supplied selector terms. So you could say that we are only going to do individual terms, but then you do a bunch of them. By the time we do a bunch, are we really individ-ualizing or are we not growing it into bulk collection? 
They include the following among 
those selection terms—ones they are worried about: the Internet protocol address or cloud source accounts of en-tire organizations, in contravention of the Fourth Amendment’s particular-ized probable-cause-based warrant. 
Additionally, Sunlight goes on to 
point out what I pointed out as well, that the term ‘‘person’’ is not defined as an individual natural person, and the bill does not alter the PATRIOT Act’s original definition of person, which includes any individual, officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment or any group, entity, association, corporation. 
You know, I really feel what we could 
be doing back here is—we think we won. We get the USA FREEDOM Act, and then 2 years from now, we find out they are plugging the name ‘‘Verizon’’ into their selection term and they are still collecting all the records from Verizon. So I think unless you can limit this to an individual, a natural person, I think really this is one of the biggest problems we have with the USA FREEDOM Act at this point. 
Sean Vitka goes on to say that there 
is a concern that it expands the cor-porate immunity. We have discussed that as well today—that by removing that companies act in good faith, we also are going to pay the companies now to do this as well. 
Judge Napolitano wrote about this 
just the other day, May 14. He writes: 
A decision last week about NSA spying by 
a panel of judges on the U.S. Court of Ap-peals in New York City sent shock waves through the government. The court ruled that a section of the PATRIOT Act that is due to expire at the end of this month, on which the government has relied as a basis for its bulk collection and acquisition of telephone data the past 14 years, does not authorize that acquisition. This may sound like legal mumbo-jumbo but it goes to the heart of the relationship between the people and their government and a free society. 
The PATRIOT Act is the centerpiece of the 
Federal Government’s false claim that by surrounding our personal liberties to it, it can somehow keep us safe. The liberty-for- safety offer has been around for millennia and was poignant at the time of the founding of the American Republic. 
The Framers addressed it in the Con-
stitution itself, where they recognized the primacy of the rights to privacy and assured against its violation by government, by intentionally forcing it to jump through some difficult hoops before it can capture our thoughts, words, or private behavior. These hoops are the requirement of a search war-rant issued by a judge based on evi-dence called probate cause, dem-onstrating that it is more likely than not that the government will find what it is looking for from the person or 
place it is targeting. Only then may a judge issue a warrant which must spe-cifically describe the place to be searched, or specifically identify the person or thing to be seized. 
Napolitano goes on: 
None of this is new. It has been at the core 
of our system of government since the 1790s. It is embodied in the Fourth Amendment which is the heart of the Bill of Rights. It is quintessentially American. The PATRIOT Act has purported to do away with the search warrant requirement, by employing language so intentionally vague that the government can interpret it as it wishes. Add to this the secret venue for this inter-pretation, the FISA court, to which the PA-TRIOT Act directs that NSA applications for authority to spy on Americans are to be made, and you have the totalitarian stew that we have been force fed since 2001. 
Because the FISA court meets in secret, 
Americans did not know that the feds were spying on us all of the time and relying on their own unnatural reading of the words in the PATRIOT Act to justify it until Edward Snowden spilled the beans on his former em-ployer nearly 2 years ago. 
Here is another reason I think to 
question whether USA FREEDOM may be the best bill for us. There was an ar-ticle in the Daily Beast by Shane Har-ris the other day. The title of it is ‘‘‘Big Win’ for Big Brother: NSA Cele-brates the Bill That’s Designed to Cuff Them.’’ 
It was supposed to be the declawing of 
America’s biggest spy service, but what no one wants to say out loud is that this is a big win for the NSA, one former top spook says. 
Civil libertarians and privacy advocates 
were applauding yesterday after the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed leg-islation to stop the NSA from collecting Americans’ phone records in bulk. But they’d best not break out the bubbly. 
The real big winner here is the NSA. Over 
at its headquarters in Fort Meade . . . intel-ligence officials are high-fiving, because they know things could have turned out much worse. ‘‘What no one wants to say out loud is that this is a big win for the NSA, and a huge nothing burger for the privacy community,’’ said a former senior intelligence official, one of half a dozen who spoke to The Daily Beast about the phone records program and efforts to change it. 
Here’s the dirty little secret that many 
spooks are loath to utter publicly, but have been admitting in private for the past two years: The program— 
The bulk collection program— 
which was exposed in documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013, is more trouble than it’s worth. 
‘‘It’s very expensive and very cum-
bersome,’’ the former official said. It re-quires the agency to maintain huge data-bases of all Americans’ landline phone calls. But it doesn’t contribute many leads on ter-rorists. It has helped prevent few—if any— attacks. And it’s nowhere near the biggest contributor of information about terrorism that ends up on the President’s desk or other senior decision makers. 
If, after the most significant public debate 
about balancing surveillance and govern-ment in a generation, this is the program that NSA has to give up, they’re getting off easy. The bill that the House passed yester-day, called the USA FREEDOM Act, doesn’t actually suspend the phone record program. Rather, it requires that phone companies, not the NSA, hold on to the records. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.119 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3158 May 20, 2015 
That bears repeating. At least from 
the author’s perspective of this article, the USA FREEDOM Act does not actu-ally suspend the phone records pro-gram. Rather, it requires the phone companies, not the NSA, to hold onto the records. 
‘‘Good! Let them take them. I’m tired of 
holding onto this,’’ a current senior U.S. offi-cial told The Daily Beast. It requires teams of lawyers and auditors to ensure that the NSA is complying with Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, which authorizes the pro-gram, as well as the internal regulations on how records can and cannot be used. The phone records program has become a polit-ical lightning rod, the most controversial of all of the classified operations that Snowden exposed. If NSA can still get access to the records but not have to hold on to them itself, all the better, the senior official said. 
‘‘It’s a big win for common sense and for 
the country,’’ Joel Brenner, the NSA’s former inspector general, told The Daily Beast. ‘‘NSA can get to do what it needs to do with a higher level of scrutiny and a little more trouble, but it can still do what it needs to do. At the same time, the govern-ment is not going to hold the bulk metadata of the American people.’’ 
‘‘The NSA is coming out of this un-
scathed,’’ said the former official. If the USA FREEDOM Act passes the Senate—which is not a foregone conclusion—it will be signed by President Obama and create a more effi-cient and comprehensive tool for the NSA. That’s because under the current regime, only the logs of landline calls are kept. But in the future, the NSA will be able to get the cell phone records from the companies, too. 
That bears repeating. This week, ev-
erybody was talking about and saying: We are not getting enough. The people who want more surveillance are saying: We are not getting enough. We are only getting the landlines. We are only get-ting one-third of all of the records. Here is the allegation: Under the USA FREEDOM Act, they are going to get many more records. They are going to have access to all cell phone records. The question is, Are we going to really have less bulk collection or maybe the same? 
There is another irony—this is still 
according to Shane Harris at the Daily Beast: 
And there’s another irony. Before the 
Snowden leaks, the NSA was already looking for alternatives to storing huge amounts of phone records in the agency’s computers. And one of the ideas officials considered was asking Congress to require phone companies to hang onto that information for several years. The idea died, though, because NSA leaders thought that Congress would never agree, [current and former officials have said]. 
It is kind of ironic that the NSA al-
ready thought of this idea, didn’t think we would be silly enough to do it, and now it is being promoted as the reform, 
that the reform is going to be what the NSA actually wanted in the first place. 
Suddenly, the NSA found itself under 
orders from the White House—this is after the revelations from Snowden—to come up with some alternative to the phone records program that preserved it, but also put more checks on how the records are used. Continuing: 
That’s when General Keith Alexander, then 
the agency’s director, dusted the old idea off the shelf and promoted it on Capitol Hill. That is right. 
‘‘The USA Freedom Act’’—the supposed 
reining in of the NSA—‘‘was literally born from Alexander,’’ the former official said. 
So the NSA effectively got what it wanted. 
But that doesn’t mean privacy activists got nothing, or that they’d count the law’s pas-sage as a loss. 
There is a large coalition, 50 maybe 
100 different groups, that have all been in favor of trying to end the bulk coali-tion. We have been working together on this. We have mentioned the Elec-tronic Frontier Foundation, the Elec-tronic Privacy Information Center, the ACLU, FreedomWorks, Bill of Rights Defense Committee, The Constitution Project—across the spectrum, right and left. 
The question is on encryption, 
whether the government will be able to break through the encryption that businesses are trying to devise to keep them out. 
There is an article in the New York 
Times, though this is from 1
1⁄2years 
ago, saying: 
The National Security Agency is winning 
its long-running secret war on encryption, using supercomputers, technical trickery, court orders and behind-the-scenes persua-sion to undermine the major tools protecting the privacy of everyday communications in an Internet age. . . . The agency has cir-cumvented or cracked much of the encryption, or digital scrambling, that guards global commerce and banking sys-tems. 
Continuing: 
‘‘For the past decade, N.S.A. has led an ag-
gressive, multipronged effort to break widely used Internet encryption technologies,’’ said a 2010 memo describing a briefing about N.S.A. accomplishments for employees of its British counterpart. 
I think the encryption thing is a big 
deal and will continue to be something that is a bone of contention between the tech industry and the government. 
With regard to what we do in order to 
protect ourselves from the government, I think encryption will continue to take off. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Will the Senator 
yield for a question without losing the floor? 
Mr. PAUL. Yes, without losing the 
floor. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I am so pleased to 
hear my colleague talk about encryption technology because it is clearly something very important in this privacy debate. I hear with inter-est, as you cite that article, that one of the key things about the encryption debate is several years ago, those in-volved at the highest levels of govern-ment basically decided that instead of being able to break the encryption code, that maybe it would be a good idea to put an actual government chip in every computer. That was called the clipper chip. And the notion was that then the NSA and other people wouldn’t have to worry about breaking the code. They would just have a gov-ernment backdoor to our technology. 
In fact, there were many people—I 
kept saying you are going to say in-stead of ‘‘Intel inside’’ you are going to 
say ‘‘U.S. Government inside’’ of every computer. Is that what we were trying to do? 
So the clipper chip battle in the 1990s 
was a very famous debate about ex-actly how we were going to proceed on making sure that we were guaran-teeing privacy to U.S. citizens. So clearly we were successful in defeating the clipper chip, but it took a lot of time and a lot of energy. 
So I thank my colleague for con-
tinuing to fight on these important issues. You mentioned many of the or-ganizations that were also involved in that battle. Are you saying that now you believe there are new government efforts to thwart our encryption capa-bilities? 
Mr. PAUL. I thank the Senator for 
that question. I think there is a new sort of political rhetoric attacking encryption, but I think there will be more efforts. This article is from about a year ago, but I think what is going to happen from this—and what I have been hearing from people—is there is ultimately going to be encryption that is not housed by any company. They are going to have encryption—the only way to get to the encryption is through the individual. This is being done be-cause the government has overplayed their hand. Because the government has been such a bully on this, compa-nies are going to continue to get fur-ther and further away. What they are going to do is the encryption will only be in control of the user. When that happens, the government is not getting any information at all. 
So they are taking a tool that prob-
ably has been useful to a certain de-gree—and I don’t mind if we are doing it through warrants and specific extra-dition—but I think they are pushing companies so hard that I think encryption is going to be put in a place where even the company cannot get to it. 
Ms. CANTWELL. If I could ask an-
other question of the Senator without losing him the right to the floor, this is a debate, as you were just saying. I think I understand your premises that there are three legs to the stool. There is a Federal Government that wants access, but they should go through the judiciary system, and there are sepa-rately the entities that have the actual records, which are the telecom compa-nies, and that keeping those separate, not blending them, not actually giving the telephone companies the right to keep all the data and information of in-dividuals is a critical distinction. 
You were just describing, I think I 
understood, that in this case the gov-ernment was just saying: Oh, keep all of that data and information, which is not exactly what the phone companies had acquired or kept for any business purposes, but it just puts personal data and information at risk. 
Am I understanding that correctly? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.120 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3159 May 20, 2015 
Mr. PAUL. I think I understand that 
question. The phone companies aren’t excited about it, but they will do it if they are paid and told to do it, basi-cally. But the phone companies, I don’t know. I don’t how much objection they have had to the current system and the new system. They probably don’t want to have to hold all this. There are ru-mors that the people who want more will require them to. 
I don’t think, under the current USA 
FREEDOM Act, they are going to be required to hold the records, but they are going to be encouraged to and paid to hold the records. 
So I think the real question is, Is the 
USA FREEDOM an improvement or are we just going to have bulk collection done by another name, with phone companies holding the records. That is what my fear is. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I would say to the 
Senator or ask the Senator, in this de-bate, I think you raised an important question, if I understand it correctly, which is, How much will the U.S. Gov-ernment spy on U.S. citizens? And that, combined with the question you were asking to the changes to the PA-TRIOT Act and the accumulation of business records, is when that indi-vidual could be a U.S. citizen. 
For example, you and I could be 
somewhere—you could be an individual of interest to one of these Federal agencies, but just because I happen to have a cup of coffee with you, now all of a sudden all of my business records, all of my personal information could be under investigation by the U.S. Gov-ernment, and I wouldn’t even know about it; is that the Senator’s under-standing? 
Mr. PAUL. Yes, I think that is a big 
concern. There are a couple of things that I think are alarming. Even two domestic emails could be routed through a server in another country, and they could use that to actually get access to two Americans who are com-municating from New Jersey to South Carolina. 
But also I think as Senator W
YDEN  
has pointed out, it often or sometimes sounds like we are targeting a for-eigner simply to get access to an Amer-ican. 
Does the Senator have a question in 
that vein? 
Mr. WYDEN. I think my colleague 
has asked very good questions, and it is my intention to rejoin him here in a few minutes. 
But I think it is important—and I 
would be interested in your reaction— do people understand what is at stake here? 
We are talking about section 702 of 
the FISA Act and that involves a very important issue of making sure, when there is somebody dangerous overseas, that we can, in effect, go up on that person to get that kind of information that we have to have. 
But what we are seeing increas-
ingly—and we have actually put it on our Web site—Americans are being swept up in those searches and their 
emails are being read. 
And what is especially troubling to 
me—and I would be interested in my colleague’s views with respect to this backdoor search loophole—this is a problem today, but it is only going to be a growing problem in the days ahead because increasingly communications systems around the globe are merging. They are becoming integrated. It is not as if the communications systems stop at a nation’s border. 
So I think this is a particularly im-
portant issue. As we have talked about, the amendments we are interested in offering, I think this is a particularly important bipartisan effort. I don’t think people have known a whole lot about how the backdoor search loop-hole takes place. 
We have supported section 702, be-
cause when there are dangerous threats overseas, we want our government to be able to ensure it is taking steps to protect the American people. But hav-ing more and more Americans swept up in these searches, particularly the changing nature of a communications system being integrated, strikes me as a very big problem. 
I am going to be back to join my col-
league very shortly, but I would be very interested in my colleague’s thoughts on the importance of closing this backdoor search loophole. 
We have tried in the past. I think 
that now, particularly, when we have had a chance to walk this through in terms of what it really means, my hope is we can finally close it. 
What would my colleague’s reaction 
be with respect to the importance of this? 
Mr. PAUL. I think it is a great ques-
tion, and some are saying that through the backdoor of abusing 702, that if there were 90,000 people targeted last year through using this 702, that we collected the information on 900,000 in-dividuals who were incidental and were not the target at all. So for every one byte of data we are collecting on some-body, we are collecting nine bytes of data on somebody who is not the tar-get. 
But that becomes part of this enor-
mous data center that we are building. And many of those people are Ameri-cans who were getting through the backdoor. 
But also why I am here today is I 
want the leadership to allow us to have our amendments. That is one of our amendments. That is a joint amend-ment we have worked on. We have been working on these things for months. This only comes up every 3 years. Should they not give us a day to have a vote on some of these amendments? 
Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague. I 
will be back to rejoin him in a few min-utes. I do so appreciate my colleague’s stamina and passion. 
I went to school on a basketball 
scholarship, and I think I have been able to stay in a little bit of shape, but my friend from Kentucky has sure shown both his commitment and his 
stamina. I am going to have to take a brief meeting on one of the issues pend-ing, but I intend to join my colleague here before too long. 
I thank the Senator. I will have addi-
tional questions at that time. 
I return the floor to Senator P
AUL. 
Mr. PAUL. I thank the Senator for 
that question. 
In the New York Times, in March of 
2014, Clara Miller writes about some of the costs on U.S. tech companies that 
are occurring from some of this: 
Microsoft has lost customers, including the 
government of Brazil. 
IBM is spending more than a billion dollars 
to build data centers overseas to reassure foreign customers that their information is safe from the prying eyes in the United States government. 
And tech companies abroad, from Europe 
to South America, say they are gaining cus-tomers that are shunning U.S. providers, sus-picious because of the revelations by Edward J. Snowden that tied these providers to the National Security Agency’s vast surveillance program. 
The estimates are in the billions of 
dollars lost to American companies. 
Even as Washington grapples with the dip-
lomatic and political fallout of Mr. Snowden’s leaks, the more urgent issue, companies and analysts say, is economic. Tech executives, including Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook, raised the issue when they went to the White House...for a meting with Presi-dent Obama. 
It is impossible to see now the full eco-
nomic ramifications of the spying disclo-sures—in part because most companies are locked in multiyear contracts—but the pieces are beginning to add up as businesses question the trustworthiness of American technology products. 
The confirmation hearing last week for the 
new NSA chief, the video appearance of Mr. Snowden at a technology conference in Texas and the drip of new details about gov-ernment spying have kept attention focused on an issue that many tech executives hoped would go away. 
Despite the tech companies’ assertions 
that they provide information on their cus-tomers only when required under law—and not knowingly through a back door—the per-ception that they enabled the spying pro-gram has lingered. ‘‘It’s clear to every single tech company that this is affecting their bottom line,’’ said Daniel Castro, a senior analyst at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, who predicted that the United States cloud computing industry would lose $35 billion by 2016. 
Forester Research, a technology research 
firm, said the losses could be as high as $180 billion, or 25 percent of industry revenue, based on the size of the cloud computing, web hosting and outsourcing markets and the worst case for damages. 
The business effect of the disclosures about 
the NSA is felt most in the daily conversa-tions between tech companies with products to pitch and their wary customers. The topic of the surveillance, which rarely came up be-fore, is now ‘‘the new normal’’ in these con-versations, as one tech company executive described it. ‘‘We’re hearing from customers, especially global enterprise customers, that they care more than ever about where their content is stored and how it is used and se-cured,’’ said John E. Frank, deputy general counsel at Microsoft, which has been publi-cizing that it allows customers to store their data in Microsoft data centers in certain countries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.121 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3160 May 20, 2015 
Isn’t that sad? Isn’t it sad that a 
great American company is having to advertise that they are storing their information in other countries because in America we are not protecting your privacy? Isn’t that sad, that a great American company, in order to stay in business, is having to advertise to their customers that they are keeping their information in another country? 
At the same time, Mr. Castro said, compa-
nies say they believe the Federal Govern-ment is only making a bad situation worse. ‘‘Most of the companies in this space are very frustrated because there hasn’t been any kind of response that’s made it so they can go back to their customers and say, ’See, this is what’s different now, you can trust us again,’’’ he said. 
In some cases, that has meant forgoing po-
tential revenue. 
Though it is hard to quantify missed op-
portunities, American businesses are being left off some requests for proposals from for-eign customers that previously would have included them, said James Staten, a cloud computing analyst at Forester who has read clients’ requests for proposals. There are German companies, Mr. Staten said, ‘‘explic-itly not inviting certain American compa-nies to join.’’ He added, ‘‘It’s like, ‘Well, the very best vendor to do this is IBM, and you didn’t invite them.’’’ 
The result has been a boon for foreign 
countries. 
Runbox, a Norwegian email service that 
markets itself as an alternative to American services like Gmail and says it does not com-ply with foreign court orders seeking per-sonal information, reported a 34 percent an-nual increase in customers after news of the NSA surveillance. 
Brazil and the European Union, which had 
used American undersea cables for inter-continental communication, last month de-cided to build their own cables between Brazil and Portugal, and gave the contract to Brazilian and Spanish companies. Brazil also announced plans to abandon Microsoft Outlook for its own email system that uses Brazilian data centers. 
Anybody still think this bulk collec-
tion is a good idea for America? 
Mark J. Barrenechea, chief executor of 
OpenText, Canada’s largest software com-pany, said an anti-American attitude took root after the passage of the PATRIOT Act, the counterterrorism law passed after 9/11 that expanded the government’s surveillance powers. 
This is all coming from a New York 
Times article by Claire Miller from March of 2014. 
But ‘‘the volume of the discussion has 
risen significantly post-Snowden,’’ he said. For instance, after the NSA surveillance was revealed, one of OpenText’s clients, a global steel manufacturer based in Britain, de-manded that its data not cross U.S. orders. ‘‘Issues like privacy are more important than finding the cheapest price,’’ said Matthias Kunisch, a German software execu-tive who spurned U.S. cloud computing pro-viders for Deutsche Telekom. ‘‘Because of Snowden, our customers have the perception that American companies have connections to the NSA.’’ 
Security analysts say that ultimately the 
fallout from Mr. Snowden’s revelations could mimic what happened to Huawei, the Chi-nese technology and telecommunications company, which was forced to abandon major acquisitions and contracts when American lawmakers claimed that the com-pany’s products contained a backdoor for the People’s Liberation Army of China—even 
though this claim was never definitively verified. 
Silicon Valley companies have complained 
to government officials that Federal actions are hurting American technology businesses. But companies fall silent when it comes to specifics about economic harm, whether to avoid frightening shareholders or because it is too early to produce concrete evidence. 
‘‘The companies need to keep the priority 
on the government to do something about it, but they don’t have the evidence to go to the government and say billions of dollars are not coming to this country,’’ Mr. Staten said. 
Some American companies say the busi-
ness hit has been minor at most. John T. Chambers, the chief executive of Cisco Sys-tems, said in an interview that the NSA dis-closures had not affected Cisco’s sales ‘‘in a major way.’’ Although deals in Europe and Asia have been slower to close, he said, they are still being completed—an experience echoed by other . . . companies. 
Security analysts say tech companies have 
collectively spent millions and possibly bil-lions of dollars adding state-of-the-art encryption features to consumer services, like Google search and Microsoft Outlook, and to the cables that link data centers at Google, Yahoo and other companies. 
IBM said in January that it would spend 
$1.2 billion to build 15 new data centers, in-cluding in London, Hong Kong, and Sidney, Australia, to lure foreign customers that are sensitive about the location of their data. 
Isn’t it sad that companies want to 
avoid being in America? They want to avoid having their information cross our borders. 
Salesforce.com announced similar plans 
this month. 
Germany and Brazil, where it was revealed 
that the NSA spied on government leaders, have been particularly adversarial towards American companies and the government. Lawmakers, including in Germany, are con-sidering legislation that would make it cost-ly or even technically impossible for Amer-ican tech companies to operate inside their borders. 
Yet some government officials say laws 
like this could have a motive other than pro-tecting privacy. Shutting out American com-panies ‘‘means more business for local com-panies,’’ Richard A. Clarke, a former White House counterterrorism adviser, said last month. 
This is an article that was published 
on NPR’s Web site. The headline is ‘‘As Congress Haggles over Patriot Act, We Answer 6 Basic Questions.’’ 
Quoting from the article: 
A key section of the Patriot Act—a part of 
the law the White House uses to conduct mass surveillance on the call records of Americans—is set to expire June 1. That leaves legislators with a big decision to make: Rewrite the statute to outlaw or mod-ify the practice or extend the statute and let the National Security Agency continue with its work. 
I think it will be interesting to see 
how the debate ultimately plays out. You have what has been passed in the House—the USA FREEDOM Act—and passed in the House overwhelmingly. The majority here probably believes we are not collecting enough bulk data. They would prefer to collect more bulk phone data and aren’t too concerned that any privacy interests are being trampled upon. So you have two sort of contrary 
opinions in wondering which direction we go. Some who want more collection of data and say we are not collecting enough data say they might live with it if we add in and force the phone com-panies to keep the data. Right now, the bill doesn’t have them keeping the data. But the concern for some of those of us who believe in privacy is that we may just be trading one form of bulk collection for another, that we may be trading a system where the govern-ment collects the data and there is a bulk collection for a system where the phone companies have the bulk collec-tion but you are still having the same sort of collection of data. 
My concern with the USA FREEDOM 
Act is that it still, I believe, may allow for a nonspecific warrant. It still may allow for bulk collection in the sense that it says you have to select a spe-cific person, but the specific person can be a corporation. So if you still have a corporation—the problem is that if we put the name ‘‘Verizon’’ in and you are getting all of Verizon’s customers and the only difference is the phone com-pany is holding the information and then divulging it versus the govern-ment holding it, I am not so sure we have had so much of an improvement. 
Some will say we just need to be safe, 
we just need to do whatever it takes, that it doesn’t matter if we give up any kinds of basic freedoms or privacy in the process. But I think we give up on who we are as a people if we say that basically, at all cost, regardless of what it takes, we are going to do this to keep ourselves safe. 
The thing is that even the Presi-
dent’s privacy commission and the President’s review commission—two independent, nonpartisan bodies— ended up saying that they didn’t think anybody was independently captured, that there was no unique information that was actually gotten from either of these programs, that the bulk collec-tion of data hadn’t made us safer but it has infringed upon our privacy. 
I think if we don’t have a significant 
debate on this, if we continue to say ‘‘Well, we are up against a deadline, and because there is a deadline, we don’t have time for amendments,’’ I think we run a real risk with the American people. Congress has about a 10-percent approval rating right now, and some argue that might be a little bit high considering how great a job we are doing—a 10-percent approval rat-ing. 
The vast majority of the American 
people think we have gone too far in the bulk collection of records. In the ACLU survey we looked at a little bit earlier, in the age group between 19 to 39, over 80 percent of people think we have gone too far and we are not pro-tecting privacy. 
(Mr. SCOTT assumed the Chair.) We just read an article from the New 
York Times in which they talk about what kind of business is potentially being lost because people don’t want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.123 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3161 May 20, 2015 
American products. I think it is kind of 
sad. Not only do they not want their data held in a center in our country, they don’t want their data crossing into our country. 
I don’t think we have to be that fear-
ful of terrorism that we have to give up who we are in the process. 
I have met some of our young sol-
diers who have come back with missing limbs. I have met the parents of some who have died. And to a person, they say they were fighting for our Bill of Rights and they were fighting for our Constitution. It is difficult for me to understand how we can take into ac-count the sacrifice they made in war and at the same time, while we are here safe at home, we can’t even pro-tect the documents they are fighting for. 
I see no reason why we can’t rely on 
the Constitution. I see no reason why we can’t rely on traditional warrants. Warrants are not hard to get. Warrants are actually quite easy to get. War-rants are, if anything, very easy to get. On the FISA Court, turning down a warrant is almost nonexistent. So I see no reason why we can’t try using the Constitution for a while. 
I am concerned that the problem is 
bigger than just what we are talking about today. We are talking about the bulk collection of records supposedly under section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. If we stop that, how much have we stopped? How much is still in exist-ence? How much are we still doing through other venues? 
I think probably the most alarming 
thing we have come across as I have been talking today is the idea that some people believe the President has inherent powers that are not subject to Congress. That, to me, is very alarm-ing. 
It also means that I think that be-
cause this opinion persists within the executive branch, there are in all like-lihood many programs like the bulk collection of data—many programs that we don’t know about, some that we have heard about. It is still not clear to me whether the Stellar Wind Program is completely gone, which in-volves more than just telephone data, email conversations, computer address-es, and credit cards. What is the gov-ernment collecting? How much is being collected and under what authority? 
It does concern me that there are 
people—some of them elected offi-cials—who believe in the inherent pow-ers of the Presidency that cannot be challenged even by Congress. We have a lot of work if that is really what we are up against. 
I think it would be a big step forward 
if we do something about the bulk col-lection of data. But I think, given the court case, it is concerning to me that we might actually make the court case or the future of it moot and that we ac-tually could make things worse. It wouldn’t be the first time we have made things worse, thinking we were fixing things and made it worse. From the opinion of the Second Cir-
cuit Court, here are some quotes. 
The court writes: 
That telephone metadata do not directly 
reveal the content of telephone calls does not vitiate the privacy concerns arising out of the government’s bulk collection of such 
data. . . . the startling amount of detailed information metadata can reveal, informa-tion that could traditionally only be ob-tained by examining the contents. . . . 
I think this is a good point because 
many people want to downplay what metadata is or what you can determine from it. But here is the court acknowl-edging that you may actually get more detailed information from metadata than what you once got from obtaining the content. 
When we think about how true this 
is, think about if someone were just going to come into your house and take your papers. What could they find? How many people even have per-sonal letters anymore? People don’t have anything on paper that is per-sonal at all. A lot of people pay their bills online. But it is amazing, if you put the compilation of all the metadata together, what you can de-termine. 
Remember that a high-ranking intel-
ligence official said that we kill people based on metadata. I presume he is talking about foreigners. But if we are killing people based on metadata, the assumption is that they can get an enormous amount of information from metadata, and we should be very care-ful about releasing this. 
They give an example of the sort of 
metadata and what it can determine: 
For example, a call to a single-purpose 
telephone number such as a ‘‘hotline’’ might reveal that an individual is: a victim of do-mestic violence or rape; a veteran; suffering from an addiction of one type or another; contemplating suicide; or reporting a crime. 
Metadata can reveal civil, political, or reli-
gious affiliations; they can also reveal an in-dividual’s social status, or whether and when he or she is involved in intimate relation-ships. 
The more metadata the government col-
lects and analyzes, furthermore, the greater the capacity for such metadata to reveal ever more private and previously unascertainable information about individ-uals. 
That is sort of interesting also about 
metadata. We have so much online and so much information on our phones that you could probably be in some-one’s house for a month and never find that in paper because so much of our lives revolve through the phone, through things we order and phone calls and all of that, that in the old days what could have been gotten through someone’s castle, through someone’s actual papers in their house, I think pales in comparison to what you can get simply through metadata even without content. 
They make another point, too: 
Finally, as appellants . . . point out, in to-
day’s technologically based world, it is vir-tually impossible for an ordinary citizen to avoid creating metadata about himself [or herself] on a regular basis simply by con-ducting his ordinary affairs. The order thus requires Verizon to produce 
call detail records every day on all telephone calls made through its systems or using its service where one or both ends of the phone call are located in the United States. 
It is hard for me to believe that there 
are people who don’t understand that what we are talking about here is a general warrant. This is what we fought the Revolution over. This is, as John Adams said, the spark that led to the Revolution. The spark that led to the Revolution was the whole worry and concern, one, that soldiers were writing the warrants, and the other concern was that in writing the war-rants, they weren’t specific to anyone, they were being written in a general fashion, and that by writing them gen-erally so, there could be an injustice in having an entire group who ends up being subject to a warrant that is not specific. 
From the appellate court, we also 
hear that the metadata has a reach far beyond almost imagination. 
In the article ‘‘As Congress Haggles 
over Patriot Act, We Answer 6 Basic Questions,’’ which was published on npr.org, there are several questions they ask about the PATRIOT Act de-bate. 
Most of the talk has been about tele-
phone surveillance, but the question is this: 
What about the NSA’s surveillance of 
email and other Internet activities? 
This congressional debate has nothing to 
do with any of NSA’s surveillance Internet activity. 
That’s mostly because of the fact that 
those programs are authorized by different laws. 
The PRISM program, for example, which 
collects a vast amount of Internet data . . . is covered under section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act. 
Some have said that the PRISM Pro-
gram probably is collecting more infor-mation in many ways, maybe even dwarfing the bulk collection of the phone records. So if we don’t address section 702 in this debate, this is also what we were talking about earlier, is the backdoor, the ability to say: Well, we are investigating someone in a for-eign country, but really they are try-ing to get access to someone in our country through the backdoor. If we don’t address this, we may well not be addressing a significant part of the problem. 
This is one of the other questions: 
Is there anything else in the House bill we 
should know about? 
The bill [the USA FREEDOM Act] lifts the 
secrecy surrounding key decisions made by the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. Going forward, some will be made public. 
I think this is a step in the right di-
rection. There are a lot of legal deci-sions, and I think we can discuss the pros and cons of the legal decision without having to know the specific de-tails. I think Senator W
YDEN made a 
good point on this earlier when he said that it is not the operational details we need to know, but when we are ques-tioning and debating the law, there is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.125 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3162 May 20, 2015 
no reason why that shouldn’t be public 
knowledge. 
One of the reasons we would like to 
see the court rulings, too, is that the FISA Court found bulk data collection constitutional. I still find that some-what inconceivable, that a court that is anything less than a rubberstamp 
could find it somehow reasonable to say that collecting all of our records in advance really is relevant to an inves-tigation. I think it is a pretty signifi-cant point that they are not going to query the data until after they get it. So there is no investigation until they have already collected the data. 
The other point is that when they 
say it is relevant, is anybody really de-termining that arguing one way or the other or do we just accept what the NSA says, that the data is relevant? 
Nobody knows what will come of this 
debate. My hope in going on all day with this debate and trying to force the issue is to try to allow for some votes on some amendments to this. We shouldn’t have just an up-or-down vote on whether to extend the PATRIOT Act. I think that when we have 80 per-cent of the population in some cases but at least two-thirds of the entire population saying that the bulk collec-tion of all of our phone records all of the time without a warrant is some-thing that has gone too far and needs to stop, it is an insult to the American people to think that we are not going to have any vote at all, that we would just have a vote up or down on extend-ing this. 
I think we really do need to have a 
vote, and the vote needs to be on many different alternatives. It shouldn’t just be on one alternative. It needs to be on section 702 and the FISA amendments. It should be on a variety of things that could make this better—whether FBI agents should be able to write their own warrants or whether they should be signed by judges. There are a vari-ety of things we need to be talking about. The Senate could simply take up the House bill and pass the House bill, but I think that is unlikely. 
This is an interesting article from 
The Boston Globe, a while back. It says: ‘‘What your metadata says about you: From MIT’s Cesar Hidalgo, a new window on what your email habits re-veal.’’ 
The article is written by Abraham 
Rieseman. 
As recently as a few weeks ago, 
‘‘metadata’’ was an obscure term known mainly to techies and academics. Broadly defined, metadata is data about other data. For the phone company, it might be the time and length of your calls, but not the con-versation itself; in the context of email, it means information such as the sender and recipients of a message—basically, every-thing except what the message actually says. 
We spoke earlier about the suspicious 
activity reports. These are reports that the government requires that banks send in. It adds a cost to your banking, and it is a pretty significant intrusion into the banking affairs and also into an individual’s affairs. This is an article that was written by 
the ACLU about suspicious activity re-ports. 
Law enforcement agencies have long col-
lected information about their routine inter-actions with members of the public. Some-times called ‘‘field interrogation reports’’ or ‘‘stop and frisk records,’’ this documenta-tion, on the one hand, provides a measure of accountability over police activity. But it also creates an opportunity for police to col-lect the personal data of innocent people and put it into criminal intelligence files with little or no evidence of wrongdoing. As police records increasingly become automated, law enforcement and intelligence agencies are increasingly seeking to mine this data. 
The Supreme Court established ‘‘reason-
able suspicion’’ as the standard for police stops in Terry v. Ohio in 1968. This standard required suspicions supported by articulable facts suggesting criminal activity was afoot ...  
In the suspicious activity reports, 
though, these kinds of programs threaten this reasonable time-tested law enforcement standard by encour-aging the police and the public to re-port behaviors that do not rise to rea-sonable suspicion. So it is one thing to say that someone has done something that rises to reasonable suspicion, but it is another to say that activity that could be perfectly normal, like with-drawing $1,000 from the bank or put-ting $1,000 in the bank, somehow is sus-picion of a crime that we should be in-vestigating. 
A lot of this stuff has gotten really, 
really out of control. It is one of the things where actually the newspapers have done a pretty good job of report-ing some of the stuff—not necessarily the suspicious activity reports but on some of the other confiscations of peo-ple’s assets without really evidence of a crime but maybe evidence that they have cash. 
You can be driving down the road in 
DC and make an unsafe lane change and the government asks you if you have money. You then find that the government takes it or the government says: Well, you have $2,000. We will let you keep $1,000 if you sign a statement saying that you will not sue us to get the $1,000 back. 
Believe it or not, that is stuff that is 
still happening in our country. It is called civil asset forfeiture. To make it worse, we actually give a perverse in-centive. We say to the local officials that if you capture money from people, we will give you a percentage of it—so the more you take, the more you get. 
Some people have shown that people 
actually go after things that are paid off. There was a motel in New Jersey, the Motel Caswell. Local officials de-cided they would go after it because, they said, there had been some drug dealings at the motel. It turned out there were 6 people in the motel selling drugs out of 180,000 visits or something ridiculous. 
It turned out there were other hotels 
that had a higher percentage of drug busts done at the hotel, but they owed money and the Motel Caswell was com-pletely paid off. It may have been part of the decisionmaking process, because 
when the government came and seized the hotel for illegal activity, they took the hotel and went sell it, but it has a lien against it. The bank owns it, and you do not get to sell it very easily. It was paid off. They were going to sell it. It is a $1.5 million hotel. And then, I guess, the local police forces would benefit by that. 
It is not just with our records that 
there is a problem. It is also with the concern for how we adjudicate justice in our country. As we see this moving forward, I think we need to be worried about not only the way our records are collected, but we need to be concerned about justice in general. 
As I have traveled around the coun-
try, one of the things I have seen is what I call an undercurrent of unease in our country. I traveled to Ferguson. I have traveled to Detroit. I have been to Chicago. I have been to most of our major cities, and I have also been to some of the places where there has been this anger. 
I think people are angry because they 
do not feel that government is treating them justly. People do not like to be treated arbitrarily. In fact, there are some who have given the definition of what is acceptable, what is good gov-ernment and what is bad government, what is good law and what is bad law, what is just and what is unjust. But whether it is arbitrary or not, Hyack in ‘‘The Road to Serfdom’’ talks about that arbitrariness, not having the pre-dictability of knowing what the law will do. That the law does not do the same thing to all individuals is a defi-nition of the injustice that causes peo-ple to be unhappy about the way their government treats them. 
My fear is that this arbitrary nature 
of collecting bulk records, of collecting all of our records without a significant warrant—the problem here is going to be something that adds on to a sense of unease that is in our cities and in our country at-large. What happens is that everybody is not treated exactly equal. People do not have the same resources to try to escape the clutches of Big Brother when either data or informa-tion is used against them. 
One of the little-noticed sections in 
the USA FREEDOM Act deals with the safety of maritime navigation and nu-clear terrorists and conventions imple-mentation. Interestingly, there is a provision somehow in this for civil for-feiture. But I think the biggest prob-lem with civil forfeiture is that we allow it to occur without a conviction. I think no one should have their pos-sessions taken from them. I think you should be innocent until proven guilty. 
I see that the Senator from Con-
necticut has a question. I would be happy to entertain a question without losing the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from Kentucky for giving me the opportunity to ask a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.126 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3163 May 20, 2015 
question. In the preface to that ques-
tion, I would like to make a couple of remarks if he will yield to me for that purpose. 
My colleague from Kentucky has 
taken the floor tonight in the highest traditions of the Senate to make a point that should be meaningful to all of us who care about our democracy. My colleagues, including the Senator from Kentucky, have made a number of important points about the dangers of mass surveillance and the harms caused by the bulk collection of Ameri-cans’ data. 
I agree with those who have pointed 
out that the USA FREEDOM Act is a strong compromise solution for pro-tecting Americans’ freedom and secu-rity at the same time as striking a bal-ance between preserving our security and protecting our precious rights. 
I want to highlight for the Senator 
from Kentucky, in his very insightful remarks, as well as for my colleagues and others who are interested in this topic, a particular part of that legisla-tion—the provisions that deal with the adversarial process in the FISA Court. 
The bulk collection program is a 
powerful example of why we need a stronger adversarial process. We know that bulk metadata collection is un-necessary. The President’s own review group has made that clear. We also know that bulk metadata collection is un-American. This country was found-ed by people who rightly abhorred the general warrant, and no general war-rant in our history has swept up as much information about innocent Americans as the orders permitting and enabling bulk collection. 
Last week, the Second Circuit Court 
of Appeals held that bulk collection is also unauthorized by the law. More than 9 years after the government began bulk collection, we are finally told by the highest court to consider the question that the bulk collection program was never authorized by Con-gress. 
How do we get here? How do we ar-
rive at a place where one of the most respected courts of appeals in the United States says that the executive branch of our government has been col-lecting data on innocent Americans without legal authority to do so—in fact, breaking the law by invading Americans’ privacy? 
We got here because the FISA Court 
failed its most crucial test. In May of 2006, the FISA Court was asked wheth-er the Federal Government could col-lect phone records of potentially every single American. The argument hinged on the word ‘‘relevance’’ in the statute. Under the statute, the Federal Govern-ment can collect relevant information. The court had to decide whether ‘‘rel-evant information’’ means all informa-tion. 
That does not strike me as a difficult 
question. Does ‘‘relevant information’’ mean all information? It did not strike the Second Circuit Court of Appeals as a difficult question either. The Second Circuit held that the 
Federal Government’s interpretation is ‘‘unprecedented and unwarranted.’’ Those are strong words for a court nor-mally extraordinarily reserved and un-derstated in its characterization of il-legality by the executive branch. But the court said unequivocally and em-phatically that the Government was breaking the law. 
Never before in the history of the Na-
tion had such a bizarre interpretation been entertained. At the very least, you would have thought the FISA Court would recognize that its May 2006 decision was important. 
If this question had gone to a regular 
article III court, it would have been immediately recognized as a momen-tous decision, permitting bulk collec-tion of data on every American. Liti-gants on both sides would have, in ef-fect, pulled out all the stops in their arguments. Yet not only did the FISA Court get the question wrong in May of 2006, it appears not even to have spot-ted the issue, not even to have raised it and addressed it in its opinion. Of course, nobody knew it at the time be-cause the opinion itself was kept se-cret, as were all of the proceedings on this issue. 
The FISA Court upheld the govern-
ment’s bulk collection program, and it did so without even writing an opinion explaining its legal reasoning. Not until the program was made public roughly 8 years later was an opinion written, and every opinion released so far has omitted key issues or ignored key precedent. 
If the court had written an opinion, 
at least Congress would have quickly known what the court had done, not to mention the American people would have known what the court had done, but the court wrote nothing. It chose to be silent and secret, and apparently it believed this issue merited no notice to the Congress. A court that could get such an important question so disas-trously and desperately wrong is fun-damentally broken. 
Let me be clear. I do not mean to 
denigrate the judges of the FISA Court. Any judge, no matter how wise and well attuned to legal issues, needs to hear both sides of an argument in order to avoid mistakes. Courts make better decisions when they hear both sides. 
In fact, during a hearing on this issue 
in the Senate Judiciary Committee, I had the opportunity to ask one of the Nation’s foremost jurists whether she could do her job without hearing from both sides of an argument, and she was quite clear that she could not. Adver-sarial briefing, she explained, is essen-tial to good decisionmaking. 
We know as much from our own ev-
eryday lives that we make better deci-sions when we know the argument against what we are going to do, what we are going to think, and what we are going to say. It is the genius of the American system of jurisprudence that judges listen to both sides in open court before they make a decision. Their rulings are public, and they 
themselves are evaluated and judged. 
Nine years after the FISA Court’s 
ruling in May of 2006, we continue to wrestle with the impact of the court’s grievous, egregious error, but we can-not simply fix the mistake without fix-ing the court. We cannot fix the system without remedying the process because that process is so broken, it will make more mistakes—not only predictable mistakes but inevitable mistakes. 
As technology evolves, we cannot say 
with certainty what the next big pri-vacy issue will be. In 2006, the FISA Court decided whether the government can collect all of our phone records. In 2020, the government will have some new means of surveillance, and they will want to try it. In 2030, we will have another. 
We need a FISA Court that we can 
trust to get the question right. Trust, confidence, and the integrity of the ju-dicial system that authorizes the sur-veillance of Americans’ private lives is at issue here. 
We need a FISA Court that operates 
transparently, openly, and has ac-countability. A court that operates in secret and hears only the views of the government and faces only minimal ap-pellate reviews cannot be trusted to pass the next big test. 
The USA FREEDOM Act would fix 
this systemic problem. It would de-mand, under certain circumstances, that the FISA Court hear from both sides of the issue and explain why it is making a decision and also explain why it has decided not to hear both sides if it chooses to do so. That would bring transparency to the FISA Court deci-sion, requiring them to be released un-less there is good reason not to release them. It preserves the confidentiality of the court where necessary, but it also protects the fundamental, deeply rooted sense of American justice that an adversarial, open process is impor-tant—indeed, essential—to democracy. And it would provide some appellate review, some form of review by an ap-pellate court so that if mistakes are made, they are more likely to be caught and stopped before they result in fundamental invasion of private rights. 
In short, the USA FREEDOM Act 
will make the FISA Court look more like the courts Americans deal with in other walks of life, more like the courts they know when they are liti-gants, when they are spectators, and more like the courts our Founders an-ticipated. 
What would they have thought about 
a court that hears cases in secret, makes secret decisions, operates in se-cret, and issues secret rulings? They would get it wrong. They would have thought that that sounds a lot like the Star Chamber, that sounds a lot like the so-called courts that caused our re-
bellion. 
This change will help ensure that we 
are not back in this Chamber 9 years from now debating the next mass sur-veillance program that started without 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.129 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3164 May 20, 2015 
Congress actually authorizing it, as did 
metadata collection. It will help ensure that strictures of our Constitution are obeyed in spirit and letter. It will help ensure that programs designed to keep Americans safe can command the re-spect and trust they need to be effec-tive. We need those programs. National security must be preserved and pro-tected, but we need not sacrifice funda-mental rights in the process. 
Unless and until this essential reform 
is enacted, along with the other essen-tial reforms contained in the USA FREEDOM Act, I will oppose any reau-thorization of section 215. 
The question that I ask my colleague 
from Kentucky and the point that I think he has made so powerfully and eloquently relates to this essential fea-ture of our American jurisprudence system. Are not open adversarial courts essential to the trust and con-fidence of the American people, and do we not need that kind of fundamental reform in order to preserve our basic liberties? 
I ask this question of my colleague 
and friend from Kentucky because I think his debate on the floor of this Senate tonight raises fundamental issues that need to be discussed and ad-dressed. 
I thank the Senator from Kentucky 
for the opportunity to ask this ques-tion and address this body. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. Mr. PAUL. I thank the Senator from 
Connecticut for that question. 
I think one of the points my friend 
was making through the question had to do with the whole idea of relevance, which is sort of an amazing thing. 
I think the quote from the privacy 
and civil liberties commission really hits the nail on the head—that they cannot be regarded as relevant to any FBI investigations required by the statute without redefining the word ‘‘relevant’’ in a manner that is cir-cular, unlimited in scope, and out of 
step with the case law. 
The interesting thing is that we want 
a body that works a little more like a court, and I know the Senator from Connecticut has been in favor of having a special advocate and trying to make it more like a courtroom. I think you can only get the truth if you have peo-ple on both sides. If you have people on one side, it is an inevitability that the truth is going to be lost and you are going to list in one direction. 
I think that will be a huge step for-
ward, but it does boggle the mind that we can have them arguing that this is relevant to an investigation that has not yet occurred because we are col-lecting data and then we are going to mine it at some other time for some in-vestigation. So it couldn’t be relevant to an investigation because there is not yet an investigation when they are col-lecting the data. And no FISA Court seemed to question that, so it concerns me as to whether it is a very good kind of undertaking at finding the truth. 
So I think the Senator is exactly 
right, and I believe there are things we can definitely do to make it better. I 
think the bottom line is that we should not collect bulk data on people who are not suspected of a crime. 
One of the sections of the PATRIOT 
Act that doesn’t get quite as much dis-cussion is section 213. That is the sneak-and-peek section and it is not up for renewal, but it is something that also shows how we have really gone awry on that. 
Radley Balko has written about this 
in the Washington Post, and it is how something starts out just a little bit at a time and grows bigger and bigger. 
From 2001 to 2003, law enforcement 
only did 47 sneak-and-peek searches. The 2010 report said it was up to 3,970, and 3 years later, in 2013, there were 11,129 sneak-and-peek searches. That is an increase of over 7,000 requests. That is exactly what privacy advocates ar-gued in 2001 would happen. 
The interesting thing is that when 
you look to see who exactly we are ar-resting through these sneak-and-peek warrants that were intended to be a lower standard so we could catch ter-rorists, well, we are going after drug dealers. So, in essence, we have changed from a constitutional standard to catch drug dealers down to a ter-rorist standard, which is a lower stand-ard. 
To make matters worse, there are ac-
cusations and implications from data that maybe the war on drugs has a dis-proportionate racial outcome. I think it is concerning that we are actually not using a constitutional standard but a lower standard. 
I have an article that was written by 
Radley Balko in 2014 that appeared in the Washington Post. He says: 
Washington establishment types are often 
dismissive and derisive of the idea that members of Congress should actually be re-quired to read legislation before voting on it—or at the very least be given the time to read it. There’s also a lot of Beltway scorn for demands that bills be concise, limited in scope and open for public comment in their final form for days or weeks before they’re voted on. If you’re looking for evidence showing why the smug consensus is wrong, here is Exhibit A. 
He is talking about the sneak-and- 
peek and how if we had known what was in it, we would have known in ad-vance that it was not really going to end up being used for terrorists and in-stead end up being used for domestic crime. 
He says: 
This is also an argument against rashly 
legislating in a time of crisis. On Sept. 11, 2001, the federal government failed in most important and basic responsibility—to pro-tect us from an attack. We responded by quickly giving the federal government a host of new powers. 
Assume that any power you grant to 
the Federal Government to fight ter-rorism will inevitably be used in other context. 
The article goes on: 
Assume that the primary ‘‘other context’’ 
will be to fight the war on drugs. (Here’s an-other example just from this month.) I hap-pen to believe that the drug war is illegit-
imate. I think fighting terrorism is an en-tirely legitimate function of government. I also think that, in theory, there are some powers the federal government should have for terrorism investigations that I’m not comfortable granting it in more traditional criminal investigations. But I have zero con-fidence that there’s any way to grant those powers in a way that will limit their use to terrorism. 
Law-and-order politicians and many (but 
not all) law enforcement and national secu-rity officials see the Bill of Rights not as the foundation of a free society but as an obsta-cle that prevents them from doing their jobs. Keep this in mind when they use a national emergency to argue for exceptions to those rights. 
When critics point out the ways a new law 
might be abused, supporters of the law often accuse those critics of being cynical—they say we should have more faith in the judg-ment and propriety of public officials. Al-ways assume that when a law grants new powers to the government, that law will be interpreted in the vaguest, most expansive, most pro-government manner imaginable. If that doesn’t happen, good. But why take the risk? Why leave open the possibility? Better to write laws narrowly, restrictively and with explicit safeguards against abuse. 
Of the 11,000 sneak-and-peek war-
rants that were issued, 51 were used for terrorism. We lowered the constitu-tional standard, but we ended up using it for domestic crime, not for ter-rorism. 
This is happening in other forums. 
There is something that folks are call-ing parallel construction. This is an ar-ticle from the Electronic Frontier Foundation by Hanni Fakhoury enti-tled ‘‘DEA and NSA Team Up to Share Intelligence, Leading to Secret Use of Surveillance in Ordinary Domestic Crime.’’ 
Add the IRS to the list of Federal agencies 
obtaining information from NSA surveil-lance. Reuters reports that the IRS got in-telligence tips from DEA’s secret SOD unit and were also told to cover up the source of that information by coming up with their own independent leads to recreate the infor-mation obtained from SOD. 
So let me explain what happens. We 
once again use a lower standard, a non-constitutional standard, the standard we are supposed to be using for terror-ists. We get information on people who are not terrorists, who may or may not be committing an IRS violation. We tell the IRS. They know it is illegally obtained information, so then they look for another way to prove that this information—other information that they can find—to prove the point that they only knew about it from legally obtained information. 
A startling new Reuters story shows one of 
the biggest dangers of the surveillance state: The unquenchable thirst for access to the NSA’s trove of information by other law en-forcement agencies. 
As the NSA scoops up phone records and 
other forms of electronic evidence while in-vestigating national security and terrorism leads, they turn over ‘‘tips’’ to a division of the Drug Enforcement Agency known as the Special Operations Division. FISA surveil-lance was originally supposed to be used only in specific authorized national security in-vestigations, but information sharing rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.130 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3165 May 20, 2015 
implemented after 9/11 allows the NSA to 
hand over information to traditional domes-tic law-enforcement agencies, without any connection to terrorism or national security investigations. 
But instead of being truthful with criminal 
defendants, judges, and even prosecutors about where the information came from, DEA agents are reportedly obscuring the source of these tips. 
For example, a law enforcement agent 
could receive a tip from foreign surveillance, and he could look for a specific car in a cer-tain place. 
But instead of relying solely on the tip, the 
agent would be instructed to find his or her own reason to stop and search the car. 
Agents are directed to keep SOD 
under wraps and not to mention in their reports where they got their in-formation. 
If we are going to use standards that 
are less than the Constitution for IRS investigations, for drug investigations, we ought to just be honest with people that we are no longer using the Con-stitution. If we are going to use the Constitution, then we shouldn’t allow evidence obtained through foreign sur-veillance and through a lower standard to be used in domestic crime. 
(Mr. CRUZ assumed the Chair.) Parallel construction, which is basi-
cally getting surveillance tips and then using them and reconstructing and try-ing to come up with a different reason for why law enforcement stopped some-one, is something that really—if we are not going to be honest about it, some-one has to do something to fix this. 
After an arrest was made, agents 
then pretended that their investigation began with the traffic stop, not with the tip they got from our foreign sur-veillance agencies. 
The training document reviewed by 
Reuters refers to this process as par-allel construction. 
Senior DEA agents who spoke on be-
half of the Agency but only on the con-dition of anonymity said the process is kept secret to protect sources and in-vestigative methods. Realize they are also keeping it secret from a judge, the defense lawyers, and the prosecution. 
Some have questioned the constitu-
tionality, obviously, of this program. 
‘‘That’s outrageous,’’ said Tampa attorney 
James Felman, a vice chairman of the crimi-nal justice section of the American Bar Asso-ciation. ‘‘It strikes me as indefensible.’’ 
Lawrence Lustberg, a New York defense 
lawyer, said any systematic government ef-fort to conceal the circumstances under which cases begin ‘‘would not only be alarm-ing, but pretty blatantly unconstitutional.’’ 
Former Federal prosecutor Henry 
Hockmeier wrote: ‘‘You shouldn’t be allowed to game the system. You shouldn’t be allowed to create this sub-terfuge. These are drugs crimes, not national security cases. If you don’t draw the line here, where do you draw it?’’ 
This is an article from the Wash-
ington Post by Brian Fung entitled ‘‘The NSA is Giving Your Phone Records to the DEA. And the DEA is Covering It Up.’’ 
A day after we learned of a draining turf 
battle between the NSA and other law en-forcement agencies over bulk surveillance 
data, it now appears that these same agen-cies are working together to cover up when those data get shared. 
The Drug Enforcement Agency has been 
the recipient of multiple tips from the NSA. 
Realize also that the NSA is supposed 
to be investigating foreign threats. The NSA was not supposed to be doing any-thing domestically. We now have them involved in bulk collection, but we also now have them involved in drug en-forcement. 
The article continues: 
DEA officials in a highly secret office 
called the Special Operations Division are assigned to handle these incoming tips, ac-cording to Reuters. Tips from the NSA are added to a DEA database that includes intel-ligence intercepts, wiretaps, informants, and a massive database of telephone records. This is problematic because it appears to break down the barrier between foreign counterterrorism investigations and ordi-nary domestic criminal investigations. 
Because the SOD’s work is classified, 
DEA cases that began as NSA leads can’t be seen to have originated from an NSA source. 
So what does the DEA do? It makes up a 
story of how the agency really came to the case in a process known as parallel construc-tion, Reuters explains. Some defense attor-neys and former prosecutors said that par-allel construction may be legal to establish probable cause for an arrest, but they said employing the practice as a means of dis-guising how an investigation began may vio-late pretrial discovery rules by burying evi-dence that could prove useful to criminal de-fendants. 
The report makes no explicit connec-
tion between the DEA and the earlier NSA bulk phone surveillance uncov-ered by Snowden. 
In other words, we don’t know for 
sure if the DEA’s Special Operations Division is getting tips from the same database that has been the subject of multiple congressional hearings. We just know that a special outfit within the DEA sometimes gets tips from the NSA. 
There is another reason the DEA would 
rather not admit the involvement of NSA data in their investigations. It might lead to a constitutional challenge to the very law that gave rise to the evidence. 
Earlier this year, federal courts said that if 
law enforcement agencies wanted to use NSA data in court, they had to say so beforehand and give the defendant a chance to contest the legality of the surveillance. Lawyers for Adele Daoud, who was arrested in a federal sting operation and charged, suspect that he was identified using NSA information but were never told. 
Surveys show most people support the 
NSA’s bulk surveillance program strongly when the words ‘‘terrorism’’ or ‘‘courts’’ are included in the question. When pollsters draw no connection to terrorism, the support tends to wane. What will happen when the question makes clear that the intelligence not only isn’t being used for terrorism inves-tigations against foreign agents, but it is ac-tively being applied to criminal investiga-tions against Americans? 
Some of the companies have begun to 
push back on the backdoor mandates that are coming from government to get into our information. In one of the most public confrontations of 
a top U.S. intelligence official by Silicon Valley in recent years, a senior Yahoo Inc. official peppered [NSA] director, Adm. Mike Rogers, at a conference on Monday over dig-ital spying. 
The exchange came during a question and 
answer session at a daylong summit on cy-bersecurity. . . . Mr. Rogers spent an hour at the conference answering a range of ques-tions. . . . 
The tense exchange began when Alex 
Stamos, Yahoo’s chief information security officer, asked Mr. Rogers if Yahoo should ac-quiesce to requests from Saudi Arabia, China, Russia, France and other countries to build a ‘‘backdoor’’ in some of their systems that would allow the countries to spy on cer-tain users. 
‘‘It sounds like you agree with [FBI Direc-
tor] Comey that we should be building de-fects into the encryption in our products so that the US government can decrypt,’’ Mr. Stamos said. . . . 
‘‘That would be your characterization,’’ 
Mr. Rogers said, cutting the Yahoo executive off. 
Mr. Stamos was trying to argue that if 
Yahoo gave the NSA access to this informa-tion, other countries could try and compel the company [to do the same]. 
Mr. Rogers said he believed that it ‘‘is 
achievable’’ to create a legal framework that allows the NSA to access encrypted informa-tion without upending corporate security programs. He declined to [be more specific]. 
‘‘Well, do you believe we should build 
backdoors for other countries?’’ Mr. Stamos continued. 
‘‘My position is—hey, look’’— 
This is from Mr. Rogers, Admiral 
Rogers— 
‘‘I think that we’re lying that this isn’t 
technically feasible’’. . . . 
He said the framework would have to be 
worked out ahead of time by policymakers— not the NSA. . . . 
The back and forth came less than two 
weeks after Apple, Inc. chief executive Tim Cook leveled his own criticism of Wash-ington, saying at a White House cybersecu-rity conference in California that people in ‘‘positions of responsibility’’ should do ev-erything they can to protect privacy, not steal information. 
Mr. Rogers attempted to parry the ques-
tions but also signaled he welcomed the de-bate. . . . 
Still, Mr. Rogers did little to deflect recent 
accusations about the NSA activities. For example, he refused to comment on recent reports that the NSA and its U.K. counter-part stole information from Gemalto NV, a large Dutch firm that is the world’s largest manufacturer of cellphone SIM cards. 
I think the accusations continue to 
mount. Everywhere we look, we see the anger beginning in our tech industry. We see them wondering about having backdoor mandates built into their product. 
I think the Senator from Oregon has 
been great at pointing this out and has written several op-eds talking about what the harm is of leaving basically a portal or an opening for our govern-ment but one that may well be ex-ploited by hackers and may well be ex-ploited by foreign governments. 
Does the Senator from Oregon have a 
question? 
Mr. WYDEN. I think my colleague 
has made the point with respect to our government—particularly the FBI Di-rector—actually arguing that compa-nies should build weaknesses into their systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.137 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3166 May 20, 2015 
I note my colleague has been on his 
feet now for somewhere in the vicinity of 9 hours, so I think we are heading into the home stretch. For people who are listening, I think they really are first and foremost interested in how this Senate, on a bipartisan basis, can come up with policies that ensure that we both protect our privacy and our se-curity. As my colleague said, they are not mutually exclusive. 
So I think what I would like to do is 
wrap up my questioning tonight by talking about how this bulk phone record collection and related practices is an actual intrusion on liberty, and to start the conversation, you have to first and foremost get through this whole concept of metadata. We heard people say: What is the big deal about metadata? And for quite some time we had Senators saying: What is every-body upset about? This is just ‘‘inno-cent metadata.’’ 
Well, metadata, of course, is data 
about data, but it is not quite so inno-cent. If you know who someone calls, when that person calls, and for how long they talk, that reveals a lot of pri-vate information. Personal relation-ships, medical concerns, religious or political affiliations are just several of the possibilities. Most people that I talk to don’t exactly like the govern-ment vacuuming up private informa-tion if those persons have done nothing wrong. Now, this is especially true if the phone records include information about the location and movements of everyone with a cell phone. And we have not gotten into this in the course of this evening, but I want to take just a minute because I think, again, it highlights what the implications are. 
I have repeatedly pushed the intel-
ligence agencies to publicly explain what they think the rules are for se-cretly turning American cell phones into tracking devices. They have now said that the NSA is not collecting that information today, but they also say the NSA may need to do so in the future. And General Alexander, in par-ticular, failed in a public hearing to give straight answers about what plans the NSA has made in the past. 
Now, to be clear, I don’t think the 
government should be electronically tracking Americans’ movements with-out a warrant. What is particularly troubling to me is there is nothing in the PATRIOT Act in addition that lim-its this sweeping bulk collection au-thority to phone records. Government officials can use the PATRIOT Act to collect, collate, and retain medical records, financial records, library records, gun purchase records—you name it. Collecting that information in bulk, in my view, would have a very substantial impact on the privacy of ordinary Americans. 
I want to be clear, I am not saying 
this is what is happening today, but I want to make equally clear this is what the government could do in the future. So my question, as my col-league, who has been on his feet for a long time, moves to begin to wrap up 
his comments this evening, I would like my colleague’s thoughts on the impact of NSA collection of bulk records on innocent Americans. I also would be interested in his views with respect to why we have not been able to get the government to give straight answers about the tracking of the loca-tion and movements of Americans with cell phones that took place in the past. 
I would be interested in my colleague’s thoughts on those two points. 
Mr. PAUL. Well, I want to thank the 
Senator from Oregon for the great questions and also for being supportive and really being the lead figure from the Intelligence Committee trying to make this better. 
I think so often our Intelligence 
Committees don’t have enough people who are really concerned with the Bill of Rights as well as national defense, so we get a one-sided view of things. I think over the years you have been able to continue this battle in a healthy way, understanding both sides of it, both with national security but also understanding that who we are as a people is important and that we not give that up—that we not give up our most basic of freedoms in doing this. 
I think that power tends to be some-
thing people don’t give up on easily. So when you have power that you give to people, you have to have oversight. It is incredibly important that we do have oversight on what we are giving up, but it is also important that we see what has gone wrong. The FISA Court model hasn’t worked to oversee and regulate the NSA, because when finally a real court looked at this, when fi-nally the appellate court looked at this, what we find is that the appellate court was aghast that basically they were maintaining that this was rel-evant to an investigation. 
Apparently, the way the process 
worked was the NSA said it was rel-evant, but there was no debate or dis-pute. It was just accepted at face value. I thought the privacy commission put it pretty well when they said: Well, how can it be relevant to an investiga-tion that hasn’t yet occurred? We are collecting all the bulk data and we are going to query it when we have an in-vestigation. You can’t argue that it is relevant to an investigation when there is no such investigation occur-ring while they are collecting the data. The privacy commission said that basi-cally we are turning words on its head if we are saying something like this is relevant. 
So I think the American people are 
ready for it to end. The American peo-ple think the bulk collection of our records with a generalized warrant is a mistake and ought to end. I think we are working very hard, and at this point our hope is that between your ac-tions and my actions, that hopefully leaders of your party and my party will agree to allow amendments to the PA-TRIOT Act. 
The goal of being here today has been 
to say not only to the American people but to say to the leadership on both 
sides and to all the Members that we want an open amendment process, that the discussion of the Fourth Amend-ment is an important discussion and that we shouldn’t run roughshod over this by saying there is a limit and a deadline and we don’t have time for de-bate and we are going to put it off yet again. 
I thank the Senator from Oregon for 
helping to make it happen, but my hope is that we can get an answer from the leadership of both parties that they are going to allow the amendments that your office and my office have been working on for 6 or 7 months now. 
Mr. WYDEN. My understanding of 
my colleague’s request—and that was my point of once again coming back to bulk collection of phone records, past practices with respect to tracking peo-ple on cell phones, and any policies that may be examined for the future— I think my colleague is saying it is time to ask some tough questions. Many of these amendments we have 
been working on are basically designed to address these issues where we haven’t been able to get answers in the past. 
After 9/11, it was clear the people of 
our country were worried and there was just a sense that if you were told it was about security, you were supposed to say, OK. That is it. But that is not the kind of oversight the Congress— particularly after we had a time stamp on the PATRIOT Act, we all thought it was going to end, and then it was time to start asking the tough questions. And not enough tough questions have been asked. And my colleague in the amendments we are talking about real-ly seeks to get answers and use that in-formation to change practices on a lot of these areas that have really gotten short shrift in the past. I appreciate my colleague talking about the FISA Court in connection with this. This is, for listeners, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court—certainly one of the most bizarre judicial bodies in our country’s history, created to apply commonly understood legal concepts, such as probable cause, to the govern-ment’s request for warrants to track terrorists and spies. But over the last decade, the FISA Court has been tasked with interpreting broad new surveillance laws and has been setting sweeping precedents about the govern-ment’s surveillance storing, all of it being done in secret. 
And I will say—and I would be inter-
ested in my colleague’s thoughts on this—that it is time that the court’s significant legal interpretations be made public—be made public so there are no more secret laws; that the peo-ple of this country have the chance to engage in debate about laws that gov-ern them. I also think there ought to be somebody there who can say on these questions where there are major constitutional implications, there ought to be somebody there who can say: Look, there may be other consid-erations than the government’s point 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.138 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3167 May 20, 2015 
of view. But transparency here is crit-
ical so that Congress and the courts can hold the intelligence community accountable. I want to mention, once again, we are talking about policies. We are not talking about matters that are going to reveal secret operations or sources and methods. We are talking about policy. 
So I think it would be helpful, again, 
as we move to wrap up, if my colleague from Kentucky could outline some of the reforms in the foreign intelligence court area that he thinks would be most helpful in terms of promoting transparency and accountability, that do not compromise sources and meth-ods—because I think my colleague has some good ideas in this area—and what, in my colleague’s view, would be most important with respect to getting reforms in this secret court in a way that would ensure more transparency for the public and still protect our val-iant intelligence officials who are in the field. 
Mr. PAUL. I think that is a good 
question, and the Senator’s office and my office have worked for a while to try to come up with FISA reforms. One of them is sort of in the USA FREE-DOM Act but maybe could be better, saying that there ought to be a special advocate so there is an adversarial pro-ceeding. 
One of the problems in the USA 
FREEDOM Act, as it is written, is that the advocate is only appointed by the FISA Court and doesn’t have to be ap-pointed by the FISA Court. It may well be that a FISA Court that has given a rubberstamp to bulk collection may not be as inclined to give a special ad-vocate. 
I also think it is important, as the 
Senator mentioned many times, that we should get outside of a secret court to a real court, where you really have an advocate that is actually on your side, I think allowing for an escape hatch for people to appeal. 
For example, if you are being told by 
a FISA Court that bulk collection of all the phone data in our country is legal, you should have a route to an ap-pellate court, an automatic route out of FISA to an appellate court. I think the appellate courts are fully capable of redacting, going into closed session if they have to, but then you have a real trial, with a real advocate on both sides. I think that is important as well. 
I do have one question or a question 
that you may be able to reframe into a question; that is, can you give the pub-lic a general idea of what percentage of the overall problem of collecting Amer-icans’ data is in the form of bulk data and what percentage do you think is coming from Executive order and what do you think is coming from the 702 backdoor collection of data. 
Mr. WYDEN. I would say that all of 
the matters we have talked about this afternoon, this evening, would be sig-nificant concerns with respect to en-suring the liberties of the American people are protected without compro-mising our safety. Let’s check them 
off: bulk phone collection, millions and millions of phone records of law-abid-ing Americans; the Executive order No. 12333 that we talked about today, an-other very important area; and then section 702, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act area, where a for-eigner is the target and the records of Americans are swept up. So I think we are addressing exactly one of the con-cerns that has come out in the last few days with respect to what Americans are concerned about. 
I know there has just been a brand- 
new major survey that has been done. My colleagues may have touched on it sometime in the course of the day. Americans particularly want to know what information about them is being collected and who is doing the col-lecting. In each of these three areas that I mentioned, there are substantial questions with respect to the privacy rights of Americans. 
Mr. PAUL. Well, one of the com-
ments that we went through tonight was an opinion by one of the attorneys in the Bush administration. They said, basically, that there were authorities that they were given that were inher-ent authorities under article II that gave them the right to collect data on Americans. But they also then con-cluded by saying that Congress had no business at all reviewing this data; that there was no authority—that they were basically powers given to the President and that Congress has no ability—I guess I would be interested, in the form of a question, if the Sen-ator can answer whether he believes there are article II powers of surveil-lance of American citizens that Con-gress has no business questioning? 
Mr. WYDEN. My colleague is—and I 
remember those days well—basically summing up the argument of the Bush administration. I and others pushed back and pushed back very hard, be-cause it would essentially, if taken to this kind of logical analysis, basically strip the legislative branch of its abil-ity to do vigorous oversight. 
So my colleague has summed up 
what was the position of the Bush Ad-ministration. But like so many other positions that were taken during that period of time, once there was an op-portunity to make sure people under-stood how sweeping it was—what my colleague has described is an extraor-dinary sweep of executive branch power basically relegating any role for con-gressional oversight to that much—and not on the central question. So my col-league has summed up what the Bush administration said in those early days. 
I had joined the Intelligence Com-
mittee shortly before 9/11. I was struck, because this really was the first exam-ple I saw of just how some in the execu-tive branch would try to lay out a the-ory of executive branch power that really just takes your breath away. 
Mr. PAUL. I guess a followup to that 
would be this: Are those arguments still being floated from this adminis-
tration that there are article II pow-ers? There is a debate going on over this Executive Order 12333. The ques-
tion is whether people are still trying to maintain that Congress has no abil-ity to oversee or review it? 
But I have seen, at least in the lay 
press—I think they say in the lay press that there is some special investiga-tion. Without going into detail, is there some kind of investigation or evaluation of the Executive order being done by us or one of the congressional bodies? That was in the lay press. 
Mr. WYDEN. Yes, what I can tell you 
is that I think there have been some changes, some improvements. But it continues to be a challenge. The re-ality is you kind of look back from that period. In those early days, for ex-ample, John Poindexter made a pro-posal for something called Operation Total Information Awareness. It would have been the most sweeping invasion of privacy, in my view, in the country’s history. We decided, much like when my colleagues talked about those early interpretations in the Bush adminis-tration, that this was an unacceptable expansion of executive branch power. 
But it was not until a young intern 
who was in our office late one night found some of the true excesses of this project—in fact, this young intern found that the program would actually encourage, as part of an experiment, debate about assassinating foreign leaders. People just found that so out of the mainstream that when we brought it to light, Operation Total In-formation Awareness was gone within about 48 hours. 
So we have seen—my colleague high-
lighted the Bush administration pro-posal to basically have unchecked ex-ecutive branch power in Operation Total Information Awareness. My col-league asked about 12333, which we have been reviewing. 
So, yes, it is going to remain an on-
going concern, an ongoing challenge, because I think there is a sense that the executive branch is the only one that can really deal with this kind of information in a timely kind of fash-ion. Well, what we have seen, with re-spect to bulk phone record collection, is that this has been a program that has not been about timely access to relevant information. 
Experts with national security clear-
ances—we talked about those individ-uals this afternoon—said this program does not make us safer, and we could get rid of it and obtain the information by conventional sources. So I think we have begun to reign in this unchecked executive branch power. I think a big part of it has been the very valuable work my colleague has done in terms of trying to highlight these kinds of practices and why I have appreciated the chance to work closely with my colleague since I came to the Senate. 
Mr. PAUL. I think one of the most 
exciting things probably is the court case—the Second Circuit Court of Ap-peals—and their ruling. My hope, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.133 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3168 May 20, 2015 
though, had been that it would go to 
the Supreme Court. My understanding is it has been remanded to a lower court. I think one of the things that we really need is that we need a ruling that updates Maryland v. Smith. We need a ruling that talks about the fact that most people’s records are being held in a virtual fashion. I think there needs to be a ruling that comes from the Court that acknowledges that you still retain a privacy interest in your records, even when they are being held outside of your house. 
The idea of old fashioned papers in 
your house—the concept is good, that we should protect that privacy. But I think also the concept technologically is that you know you will not have pa-pers in your house, but you will have private matters that will be held vir-tually outside the house—and whether or not the Fourth Amendment protects those. You often have advocates from the government who say that the fourth amendment does not apply to any records once they are outside your house or in other hands. I really think that you do not give up your privacy interest when you let someone else hold your records, that you still main-tain an interest in privacy even though someone else holds these records. 
Mr. WYDEN. I think my colleague 
has made an important point with re-spect to the Smith case. The Smith case was not made for the digital age. That is a big part of what we have sought to do throughout this debate, is to try to make sure that people really understand the implications in the dig-ital age of what these policies, you know, mean for their privacy. 
I see my colleagues are on the floor 
and I want to give them some time. But since you mentioned this question of the court cases, I think there was really striking language recently by Judge Leon of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, talking about what the scooping up of all of these records really means. Judge Leon said, ‘‘a few scattered tiles of informa-tion’’ when collected in mass, can ‘‘re-veal an entire mosaic’’ about a person including their religion, their sexual orientation, medical issues, and polit-ical affiliations. 
So you combine what the judge has 
described, I think correctly, as bulk collection, outdated court cases such as the Smith case, which really was not updated in terms of what we would be facing in the digital age, and I think this really combines to create policies that have a chilling effect on liberty and liberty for innocent law-abiding Americans. 
So I want to say it again to my col-
league who is now approaching 10 hours on his feet. I very much appreciate his focusing on these issues. We have a lot of work to do because we know that there has been a pattern in the past where when we really get down to the final days—the last couple of days— there is always a lot of pressure to go along with some kind of short-term ex-tension. That has been the pattern 
year after year, every time there has been an expiration of the act. 
I think what has been shown today is 
that kind of business as usual is just not going to be acceptable any longer. You have made that point. I want it understood that we are going to be pur-suing the effort to make sure that this time we are not just going to re-up a bad law, re-up a flawed policy and say that it is OK to continue a program. 
This was reauthorized, in effect, by 
the President a few months ago. This is going to be the last extension. This has got to be the last extension. I am com-mitted to working closely with the Senator and our colleagues to make sure that that is the case and to take the steps necessary to ensure this is fi-nally the last extension of a badly flawed law. I thank my colleague for his good work. 
Mr. PAUL. Thank you. I think the 
American public is ready to end bulk collection. I think there is a bipar-tisan, across-the-aisle approach that people want to end bulk collection. The time is now. We cannot keep extending this. 
I think probably the biggest deal is 
that the PATRIOT Act does not even justify this. This is a program that needs to end because even those who read the PATRIOT Act, even those who love the PATRIOT ACT, acknowledge that the PATRIOT Act does not even give permission for this. This is some-thing we are doing that there is no per-mission for. It has to end. I think the American people will be very dis-appointed in us as a body if it does not end. 
This is the time to do it. I agree with 
the Senator. We are going to do every-thing we can to stop it. I see the Sen-ator from Utah. Does the Senator from Utah have a question? 
Mr. LEE. I do. At the outset of my 
question, I would like to point out that while I disagree with you, Senator P
AUL, with regard to the specific ques-
tion of whether we should allow section 215 of the PATRIOT Act to expire in its entirety, I don’t believe we need to do that. I would prefer that we pass the USA FREEDOM Act as passed by the House of Representatives by an over-whelming margin of 338 to 88 last week. 
While we disagree on that issue, I ab-
solutely stand with you, Senator P
AUL, 
and I believe with the American peo-ple, on the need for an open, trans-parent process and debate regarding this issue. I also stand with the Sen-ator with regard to the belief that bulk metadata collection is wrong. It is not something that we can support. It is not something that the American peo-ple feel comfortable with and that it is incompatible with the spirt if not the letter of the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States that we have all sworn an oath to uphold and protect and defend. 
Let’s remember the text of the 
Fourth Amendment. The text of this amendment, penned in 1789, ratified in 1791, says: ‘‘The right of the people to 
be secure in their persons, houses, pa-pers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be vio-lated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 
These are not idle words. They are 
not surplusage. They are not there just for ornamental purposes. They are there to put important limitations on the power of government, to make sure that when government goes after things—things that are important to our personal lives, things that are part of our houses, things that are part of our papers, our personal effects—those things cannot just be grabbed ran-domly by government. 
Government has to have a reason for 
going after them, and government has to be constrained in some meaningful way in the way it goes after them. 
When the government relies on a 
warrant, the warrant needs to describe the things or the places to be searched with particularity. The people subject to them need to be identified with some particularity. 
And, you know, these words were 
meant to be flexible. They were meant to be molded from time to time in dif-ferent circumstances. They are not ab-solute in their terminology, and that is one of the reasons they have endured for well over two centuries and why they have been able to adapt to changes in technology. But there is not any reasonable construction of this language that I think can countenance what the NSA is doing and what we are talking about here, which is the bulk collection of telephone metadata. 
Now, what is happening is that the 
NSA is getting these orders, these or-ders from the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Court, and these orders basi-cally tell the telephone service pro-viders: Give us all your data. Give us all your records, all of them. We don’t really care whether they are relevant to an ongoing investigation of a par-ticular person or of a particular ter-rorism ring or a particular foreign in-telligence group of activities. We want all of them. Send all of them to us. We are going to put them all in a database and we are going to search them when we feel like it. 
Now, I don’t dispute the claim made 
by the NSA that there are a limited number of people who have access to this database, nor do I dispute, at least for purposes of this discussion I am not going to dispute—and I have no basis for refuting—the assertion that the people who work at the NSA are well intentioned, that they have our na-tional security interests at heart, that they are there to protect us. 
But even if we don’t dispute any of 
those things, even if we accept all of those things as a given, we have to ac-knowledge the very real risk that the same people who work there now might not be—in fact, we are certain they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.139 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3169 May 20, 2015 
will not be—the same people who work 
there 1 year from now or 2 years from now or 5 years or 10 years or 15 years from now. 
And we know something about 
human nature, which is that humans, when given power, will sometimes abuse that power. Sometimes they will abuse that power to the detriment of others. Sometimes they will do it for personal financial gain. Sometimes they will do it for political gain. Some-times they will do it in order to further certain agendas. 
That is exactly why it is so impor-
tant to put boundaries around the au-thority of government. That, of course, is what the Constitution is. This is our set of boundaries. This is our fence around government authority. It is there for a reason. It is there to make sure the American people are protected against government. 
So, first, the Founding Fathers put in 
place this structure that explained how government would work. It established the government, and then it carefully positioned this series of fences around the government to make sure power wasn’t abused against the people. 
It is interesting, when the PATRIOT 
Act was enacted and when it was subse-quently reauthorized several years later, Congress put in place a relevance requirement. Congress put in place—in section 215 of the PATRIOT Act—a re-quirement that the business records that were obtained by the NSA, pursu-ant to section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, had to be relevant to an investigation, relevant to some things they were doing. 
Here again, as with the language of 
the Fourth Amendment of the Con-stitution, there is some play in the joints of the term ‘‘relevance.’’ Some things might be relevant in one situa-tion and not another. Whether it is rel-evant is going to depend on a lot of facts and circumstances pertinent to the investigation in question, but it stretches the term ‘‘relevant’’ or the concept of relevance beyond its break-ing point, beyond any reasonable defi-nition. 
If you deem something to be rel-
evant, so long as it might in some fu-ture investigation—one that has not yet arisen—become relevant, such that you had to gather every record of every phone call made in America, such that NSA wants to go after every record of every phone call made by every Amer-ican going back 5 years, storing that series of records in a single database that can be queried for up to 5 years in advance. 
Let’s just go through this exercise 
for a minute. Think to yourself, how many phone calls have I made in the last 5 years? How many distinct phone numbers have I called in the last 5 years? 
Well, if somebody has called 1,000 
phone numbers—or, let’s say, made phone calls to 500 phone numbers and received phone calls from another group of 500 phone numbers, for a total of 1,000 phone numbers over the last 5 
years, then that is 1,000 numbers. Then the NSA goes out one hop beyond that and connects each person, each phone number with whom the original person had contact. Let’s assume that each of those phone numbers had, in turn, con-tact with 1,000 phone numbers. You get to 1 million phone numbers pretty quickly. 
But each time the NSA collects these 
data points, each data point taken in isolation might not say much about that person. But as our friend and our colleague from Oregon noted a few minutes ago, it is by using that com-bination of data points, by aggregating all of those data points together, some-one can tell an awful lot about a per-son. 
In fact, there are researchers who, 
having used similar metadata and similar sets of metadata in their own databases, have concluded that they can tell what religion a person belongs to, what political party someone be-longs to, their degree of religiosity, and their degree of political activity. 
They can tell what someone’s hobbies 
are. They can tell whether they have children, whether they are married. They can tell how healthy they are, what physical ailments they might suf-fer from. In many instances, they can tell what medications they are on. And all of these things are made more effi-cient by virtue of the automation in this system. 
So while it is true people point out 
that under section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, under this particular program, the NSA is not listening to telephone con-versations. They are not listening to them. 
Interestingly enough, this is very 
often a straw man argument that is thrown out by those who want to make sure that section 215 of the PATRIOT Act is reauthorized without any re-forms. They claim that those who are opposed to this type of action are out there falsely claiming that the NSA is listening to phone calls over this pro-gram. 
Well, that accusation of falsehood is, 
itself, false. That accusation of false-hood is, itself, a straw man effort. It is a red herring. It is a lie. It is a lie in-tended to malign and mischaracterize those of us who have genuine, legiti-mate concerns with this very program, because the fact is we don’t make that argument. The argument we are mak-ing is that the NSA doesn’t even need to do that. The NSA can tell all kinds of things about people just by looking at that data. 
Because it is automated and because 
it is within a system that operates with a series of computers, they can tell very quickly it is a lot less human resource-intensive than it would be if they were having to listen to countless hours of phone conversations. It is a lot more efficient. 
Again, I want to be clear. I have no 
proof that the NSA is currently abus-ing this particular program. I am not aware of any evidence that such abuse 
is occurring. And I am willing to as-sume, for purposes of this discussion, that is not occurring, that the men and women who work at the NSA have nothing but the best interests of the American people and American na-tional security at heart. 
But how long will this remain the 
case? And how safe, how fair is it of us to assume that will always be the case? We can scarcely afford—for the sake of our children, our grandchildren, and those who will come after them—we cannot afford to simply assume this will always be the case. 
We have to remember what happened 
a few decades ago when Senator Frank Church and his committee looked into wiretap abuses that had happened within the government. We have to re-member the Church report that was re-leased at the end of that investigation. 
That report concluded that every 
Presidential administration from FDR through Richard Nixon had utilized law enforcement and intelligence-gathering agencies within the Federal Govern-ment to go engage in political espio-nage. So that technology, which was then only a few decades old, had been abused. It had been abused for a long time. The abuse of this technology had gone, of course, unreported for many decades, but it had nonetheless been occurring. 
Again, I don’t know, I can’t prove it. 
I have no evidence that such abuse is going on right now. But I think all of us, in order to be honest with our-selves, would have to acknowledge that there is at least some risk that if it is not occurring now, at some point it will occur in the future. This tempta-tion is simply too strong for most mor-tals to resist, particularly in an area such as this where there is, with good reason, very little ability for the out-side world to observe what is going on inside that particular government agency. 
Now, that is exactly why I happen to 
support what was passed by the House of Representatives last week. What was passed by the House of Representatives last week in the form of the USA FREEDOM Act was something that would require the NSA to, instead of going out to all the telephone compa-nies and saying, send us all of your records, we want your calling records, just give us your records, we don’t care whether it is relevant to a particular phone call, particular to a specific number that was itself involved in ter-rorist activity or foreign surveillance activity, we don’t care about that, just send it to us—far from doing that, what the USA FREEDOM Act would require is for the government to show that they needed records related to a tele-phone number that was itself involved in some kind of activity. They wouldn’t have the ability to go to all the phone companies and just say send us everything. 
They would instead have the power 
to get a court order, to get those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.141 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3170 May 20, 2015 
records of those phone calls that might 
well be connected to terrorism based on their contact with a phone number that was related to such activities or their contact with somebody else, with some other phone number that was, in turn, having some kind of communica-tion with someone involved in those activities. 
Not all of us agree on this and, Sen-
ator P
AUL, you and I don’t agree on 
this particular bill, but we do agree on the underlying issue. And we also agree that the Senate works best, that the Senate serves the American people well when it lives up to its self-described reputation as being the world’s great-est deliberative legislative body. We would all be better off if we were able to put this bill on the floor right now— if this bill were able to come to the floor and it were subjected to open, honest debate and discussion so the American people could see we were de-bating this and so that you, Senator P
AUL, and some of our other colleagues 
who have ideas as to how we could make this legislation better would have the opportunity to introduce, in the form of an amendment, improve-ments to this legislation. 
I heard you outline quite articulately 
just a few hours ago some very thoughtful reforms, some very well- thought-through improvements, amendments that you would make to this legislation. I think we would all be better off if we took that kind of ap-proach. 
Now, we have seen in the last few 
months what can happen. When we came back in January, we saw that the desks in the Senate Chamber had been rearranged. Many of us were pleased. We didn’t shed a tear at the realign-ment of the desks, and we have noticed that this realignment of the desks re-flected a change in the political atti-tude among Americans. But, more im-portantly for us, it was the precursor to some very positive developments in the Senate. 
We saw that within just a few weeks 
after this shift in power had occurred, we had cast more votes on the floor of the Senate than we had in the entire previous year. Within a few months, we had cast more votes on the floor of the Senate than we had cast in the 2 years previous to that. This was a good sign. 
This is a good sign. It is not just be-
cause we are here and we cast votes; it is because those votes represent some-thing—they represent the fact that we are actually debating and discussing and we are allowing each Senator to have his or her views heard. We are putting ourselves on record as to what we believe represents good policy and what does not. 
I think we would be in a much better 
position to address the national secu-rity needs of our great country if we had such an opportunity with respect to this legislation. That is one of the reasons I came to the floor yesterday, along with one of our colleagues, the senior Senator from Vermont, and asked unanimous consent to bring this 
bill—the House-passed USA FREEDOM Act, H.R. 2048—to the floor and to have open debate and discussion and an open amendment process, with the under-standing we would turn back to the trade promotion authority bill as soon as we had properly disposed of this leg-islation, as soon as we had finished de-bating and discussing it, voting on amendments and voting on the legisla-tion. 
I am a big believer in free trade. I 
like free trade. I think free trade is good. I would like to see us get to both of these pieces of legislation. But im-portantly, H.R. 2048 is a piece of legis-lation that has kind of a fuse attached to it. Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act is set to expire at the end of this month, and many of us believe we ought to at least have a debate and dis-cussion before that happens, a debate and discussion about what, if anything, would take its place, about whether we need something to put in its place and if so, what that might look like. So that is why we made this request. This request we regarded as a very reason-able one was, unfortunately, one that drew an objection, so we were not able to bring it to the floor. 
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Second Circuit, based in New York, re-cently addressed this issue of whether section 215 of the PATRIOT Act can ap-propriately be read to authorize the NSA to engage in this bulk metadata collection program. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit an-swered that question in the negative and concluded there is no statutory au-thority for the NSA to collect this type of metadata. It doesn’t have the au-thority. It cannot collect bulk metadata on this basis. 
As the Second Circuit concluded, the 
business records sought under that pro-vision have to be relevant. There has to be some relevance to something they are investigating. And of course their only relevance here, under this pro-gram, is that they exist; it is that they represent phone calls made by someone in the United States, that they were made under a telephone network in the United States. That can’t be the an-swer. That cannot reflect a proper un-derstanding of this concept of rel-evance that is in section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act. It can’t, and it doesn’t. 
This court ruling is one of the many 
reasons why we need to be having this debate and why we shouldn’t be willing to simply reauthorize section 215 of the PATRIOT Act with the understanding that the NSA will continue operating this program as is if we reauthorize it. 
It is one of the reasons why I have 
been so insistent on having this discus-sion and so unwilling to support even a shorter term reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act—because they are inter-preting section 215 in the PATRIOT Act beyond its logical breaking point. 
We have to remember that the Con-
stitution is worth protecting. It is worth protecting even when we can’t point to anything bad that is hap-
pening right now, even when we can’t point to any specific abuse that is oc-curring. 
Bulk data collection is itself a type 
of abuse. There is a type of constitu-tional injury even though we can’t point to anything secondary from that. We can’t point to any horrible sec-ondary effect from it; it is in and of itself wrong. 
The wrongness of this program can 
be illustrated when we take to its log-ical conclusion the very arguments presented by the NSA for this type of activity. Let me explain. The metadata that is collected by the NSA right now relates exclusively to telephone calls. The records they collect involve records of who you call, when you called them, who calls you, when they called you, and how long the phone call at issue lasted. That is it. 
But if the NSA is correct in its inter-
pretation of section 215, which it is not, but if it were correct, there is abso-lutely no reason why the NSA could not also collect a number of other types of metadata—metadata records, for example, involving the use of your credit card, involving hotel reserva-tions, involving airplane reservations, metadata regarding emails you have either sent or received, who you sent them to and who you received them from, your Internet traffic, where you have purchased online, who has pur-chased something from you online, and all kinds of things. From that metadata, they could clearly paint a much more vivid picture of you, a pro-file built as a mosaic from a billion data points. They can tell everything about you from that type of metadata. 
Sure, the NSA is not collecting that 
type of metadata right now. They are not doing it right now. But if we reau-thorize this without limitation, if we reauthorize section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act and we don’t include any kind of restriction on it, there is abso-lutely no reason why the NSA couldn’t conclude tomorrow or next week or a year from now or later that it wants to collect this kind of data as well. 
I would suspect nearly all Americans 
would be shocked and horrified to think the NSA could and would and might at some point in the future col-lect that kind of information on where you shop online, your credit card bills, your hotel reservations, things like that, things that could easily be con-nected back to an individual and easily give rise to abuse either for partisan political purposes or for some other ne-farious purpose. 
I also want to point out that those 
who are in favor of this program and those who vigorously defend its con-stitutionality routinely rely on a deci-sion rendered by the Supreme Court in the late 1970s in a case called Smith v. Maryland. They point out that in Smith v. Maryland the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of some police activity that involved the col-lection of calling data. The Supreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.142 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3171 May 20, 2015 
Court concluded in that case that there 
was not a sufficiently significant ex-pectation of privacy in records of calls that somebody had made and received such that the collection of that data would require a search warrant. 
I am not altogether certain that 
Smith v. Maryland was decided cor-rectly, but let’s assume for a minute it was decided correctly and just address the fact that it is a decision that re-mains on the books. It is precedent 
that is followed throughout the courts of the United States. That is fine. Let’s just accept the fact that it is on the books. But it is very, very different— not just quantitatively different but also qualitatively different—when you are dealing not with one target of one single criminal investigation and not just with maybe a few weeks of calling records but when you are dealing with 5 years of calling records not on one person, of one target in one criminal investigation by one group of law en-forcement officers, but 300 million peo-ple stretched out over 5 years. 
That calling data becomes more sig-
nificant, moreover, when Americans become more attached to their tele-phones, when their telephone isn’t something that is just plugged into the wall but something that is carried with them every moment of every day. This, by the way, adds to the potential list of metadata that could be collected be-
cause of course many people now have telephones that track their location. I don’t see any reason why, based on the interpretation of section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act and the interpretation of the Fourth Amendment that the NSA has put forward, they couldn’t start collecting the location data as well, which would further undermine privacy issues. 
So Smith v. Maryland, whether you 
like it or not, is precedent. It is prece-dent that is followed by the courts in America, but it is not the end of the story. It certainly doesn’t get you over the hump when it comes to this type of collection. Saying that what was cov-ered by Smith v. Maryland is the same thing as what the NSA is trying to do here is a little bit like comparing a pony ride to a ride to the Moon and back. They both involve some form of transportation, but they are worlds apart, drastically different, and so much so that they can’t really even be compared. 
Our technology has changed dramati-
cally over the years—so much so that if we don’t stop and think about it, we might not even recognize it. 
A few years ago when my son James 
was about 10 years old, he came up with a really good idea that he an-nounced to us. He said: You know, I have been thinking about it, and I am going to invent something. 
We said: What is that? He said: Well, I am going to invent a 
telephone that is attached to the wall. It will be attached to the wall so it can’t be removed. It will have a wire that runs into the wall, and that is how the telephone will work. We looked at him and wondered what 
gave him this idea and what gave him the idea that that was somehow unique. 
We said: Well, first of all, what 
makes you think that hasn’t already been invented? And secondly, why would you want to do that? 
He said: Well, I think it is a great 
idea because it is the only way you wouldn’t lose your phone. 
Only then did we realize what he was 
saying. Only then did we realize that what he was telling us was that during his lifetime, he had never seen in our home a phone that was attached to the wall. He had seen cell phones and he had seen cordless landline phones, and he had seen telephones get lost from time to time. 
So our technology does change, and 
as our technology changes, we have to take that into account. Well, our tech-nology has changed now to the point where our government can learn all kinds of personal facts about us through metadata, through the type of metadata involved here, and it is only getting more and more this way every single day as we transact more and more of our day-to-day business over our telephones and as our telephones become more sophisticated, more port-able, and more capable of processing more and more data. 
The text of the Fourth Amendment I 
quoted just a few minutes ago is still very relevant today. The fact that the Fourth Amendment refers specifically to the right of the people to be secure in their persons, their houses, and their papers and effects is still relevant today and should remind us of the fact that our persons, our houses, and our papers and effects more and more real-ly become a part of this—they really become a part of our telephones. 
Our papers are not always physical 
papers. More and more, they are not. Increasingly, we are even asked to sign documents that previously would have been physically signed on a hard copy, a stack of papers—increasingly you can do business transactions without ever handling a physical paper. Increas-ingly, you can do those things elec-tronically. People often prefer to do it that way. It saves time. It saves money. But as more and more of our lives are played out on these portable digital devices, it becomes more and more important for us to be remember there are Fourth Amendment ramifica-tions when the government wants to get involved in what we do on those same devices. 
That is why it is not really fair any 
more to simply rely reflexively on Smith v. Maryland to say this is all constitutional, nor is it fair to say that your phone company already has this record, so there is no reason why the government shouldn’t have it. I actu-ally don’t even see that comparison. 
Some people think this is somehow 
persuasive. I don’t find it persuasive at all. There is a world of difference be-tween allowing a private business with which you have voluntarily chosen to 
interact to have your business records, particularly when it is a private busi-ness that you want to have that infor-mation so that private business can keep track of how much you owe them or how much they owe you—there is a world of difference between a private business entity having those records and the government having those records. 
The worst thing that a private busi-
ness can do is perhaps send you too many emails that you don’t want ask-ing you for more business or maybe it can give some of your personal data to somebody else who will in turn make phone calls you don’t want to receive or send you emails you don’t want to receive. 
That private business has no ability 
to put you in prison. That private busi-ness has no ability to levy taxes on you. That private business has no abil-ity to make your life a living hell in the same way that your government has the ability to do those things—not just the ability but, lately, with in-creasing frequency, with strong and seemingly irresistible inclination. 
This is not a victimless offense 
against the spirit and, arguably, the letter of the Constitution. These kinds of things have real-world ramifica-tions. They ought to be troubling to all of us, and we ought to want to do some-thing about them. 
So for these reasons, Senator P
AUL, I 
would ask you, don’t you think it would be much better to put this bill on the floor now and allow for an open amendment process, one in which you and each of our other colleagues could have an opportunity to provide input, to try to improve the legislation, and to try to do something meaningful with this legislation, rather than just simply ignore it, pretend it didn’t exist, sweep it under the rug or wait until we are up against a cliff—this critical cliff between when the Senate, much to my chagrin and the chagrin of many of our colleagues, is set to ad-journ and leading up to the moments when this program is set to expire? Wouldn’t we be better off to take this up and debate this under the light of day, under the view of the American people? 
Mr. PAUL. I think the Senator from 
Utah asked a great question, and I think he framed the debate over the Fourth Amendment very well. 
I think if we asked to put the bill on 
the floor at this hour, we may not be able to find anybody awake to ask per-mission to have the bill this evening. We haven’t been able to locate anyone to get the bill this evening, so I am afraid we will have to say no. 
But we have been asking for a full 
and open debate. Your solution, as well as mine, as well as Wyden’s, as well as other’s, is to have a full debate on the floor for this. 
There were a couple of things you 
said that I thought were particularly worth commenting on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.143 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3172 May 20, 2015 
People say that because there is no 
evidence that the program is being abused, there is no evidence that we are searching the records of certain people of certain race or religion or abusing people for some reason, that is proof somehow that no abuse is occur-ring. 
But I agree with you that the collec-
tion alone is an abuse in and of itself. To me, the basic point and the biggest part of the point is that what we are dealing with is something that is a generalized warrant. 
There is nothing specific about col-
lecting all of the records from all Americans all of the time. There is nothing specific about the name ‘‘Verizon.’’ I tell people that I don’t know anybody named Mr. Verizon. So that can’t be a specific individualized warrant. That is a general warrant. That is what we fought the Revolution over—to individualize warrants, to in-dividualize what we were requesting, and, above all, probable cause. 
We accepted a lower standard to go 
after foreigners, to go after terrorists. And part of me says that maybe we could do that just for terrorists. But now we are using it for domestic crime. 
One of the biggest things I would like 
to change is that nothing within the PATRIOT Act or any of this could be used to convict somebody in a domestic court. 
Section 213—sneak-and-peak—99.5 
percent of the time is used for domestic drug crime now. We have the NSA sharing data that is supposed to be col-lected on foreigners with the domestic DEA and then making up another sce-nario where they might have heard about this. But they didn’t really hear about this from the NSA. 
I think the public at large thinks we 
have gone way too far—way too far with the bulk collection records. It is not only what we have done, but it is just that there is absolutely—even in the PATRIOT Act, which I object to— no justification for collecting the records. The idea that records could be relevant to an investigation that has not yet occurred puts logic on its head, puts it topsy-turvy to where words don’t mean anything. 
I am very concerned that there is a 
lot of surveillance that we don’t know about, not only through the PATRIOT Act justification but through Execu-tive order justification. It concerns me that there are still people who are ar-guing that article II gives unlimited authority to the President, that there is no congressional check and balance to the President with regard to surveil-lance. There are people making that argument—that there is no limitation to Presidential power. 
I think one of the best things our 
Founding Fathers gave us was this check and balance so we had coequal branches. I think it is a great thing with the Fourth Amendment that a warrant had to be signed by somebody who wasn’t a policeman, who wasn’t a soldier. This is one of the additional things I 
would like to do because we don’t get to talk about this very much. We have the ability, and we are talking about the bulk collection of records, but we should also talk about whether we should have hundreds of thousands of warrants written by policemen, by FBI agents. I think warrants should have a check and balance where you have a judge. 
There is something that is so civil-
izing and something that levels the playing field and keeps abuse from hap-pening when a policeman tonight in DC, in front of a house, who wants to go in, is calling someone who is not in hot pursuit and who hasn’t just had a physical altercation with the people they are chasing—someone who is dis-passionate and unconnected to the heat of the crime—who is going to give per-mission for this policeman to go into a house. 
We say that a man’s house is his cas-
tle, and he can defend it. That was the whole idea—that things within the cas-tle were the man’s or woman’s, we would say now. But it is not only that your records are in the castle anymore. They are in the cloud. And records are virtual. We have whole households that have no paper records. 
The amazing thing about records is 
they are now saying that with metadata records, they can discover more than we could have discovered in a lifetime of looking at your personal letters in your house, because so much information is there, so much can be connected between the dots between all of these things. 
I am still not convinced that we 
aren’t collecting data on credit cards, on emails. I think some of this is done through the Executive order that most of us are not privy to. The only people that know anything about Executive Order 12333 and what they are doing on it are people on the Intelligence Com-mittee. I am not convinced we aren’t collecting email data. 
They currently say that your email— 
this is the bill you promoted—after 6 months, your email has no protection. Before 6 months, I think the only pro-tection is to the content, not to the header, not to the addressee. 
We currently have the opinion. We 
desperately need the Supreme Court to rule on this. We have the Smith v. Maryland decision, which was in the premodern age, as far as data goes and as far as your papers being held. We desperately need a decision. 
My hope was that the appellate court 
decision would go to the Supreme Court. But my understanding—being just a doctor—is it went the other way. It has been remanded lower and may never make it to the Supreme Court. I don’t know that. But I think we do need something at the Supreme Court level. 
There have been many who are now 
arguing that the appellate court—this again from a physician, not a lawyer— is really binding and that there could eventually be some legal injunction 
against what the government is doing. 
But for goodness sake, it perplexes 
me that the President says: Oh, yes, we need a balanced approach, and I am lis-tening to my privacy commission. I am listening to the review board. Yet I cre-ated this out of whole cloth as an Exec-utive order, and I am unwilling to stop it even though the appellate court has told me it is illegal. 
He is unwilling to stop it. I think 
that sort of defines disingenuous—that he is going to stop it as soon as Con-gress stops it. 
It is so hard to get anything done 
here. We have had vast majorities—not only for the USA Freedom Act but for Thomas Massey’s act. We had a vast majority over there to defund it—for J
USTIN AMASH , for defunding things 
that we were doing—big majorities. It is another evidence that the Senate is further distanced from the people, that the House is closer. They are hearing the message stronger. 
I think the message is a strong one, 
and the message is that nobody—I mean, really, the vast majority of Americans are very unhappy with hav-ing all of their records collected. That really to me gets back to the whole idea of whether we should accept or validate general warrants. It is still part of my concern, a little bit, with the reform. I want the reform—it could go a long way if we no longer have the ability to put the word ‘‘corporate’’ in there and if it were specifically individ-uals. And I think we have a chance to go maybe even a little further than we have gone in the reform that is being offered to say that we shouldn’t be able to request all of the records from a cor-poration, because there is some re-tained privacy and there is some re-tained property interest even in your records. And I think there always has been. 
They talk about an expectation of 
privacy. I would think that if you have a contract, when you sign the agree-ment, you are agreeing to a privacy contract with an Internet provider or a search provider or a telephone com-pany. I think that is indicating, as they talk about in the cases, an expec-tation of privacy. Well, I have signed an agreement with the company, and they promised me and I promised them. I would think that for certain is an ex-pectation of privacy in the eyes of the court. 
(Mr. RUBIO assumed the Chair.) So I don’t understand how they can 
argue we have completely given up our records, and that we have no ability at all to retain an interest in our records. 
I am very much convinced this is an 
important debate—that the Bill of Rights is something that we shouldn’t look at lightly; that we should, as we move forward, make sure we do protect the things that are important. We shouldn’t hurry up and have deadlines, and then say we are not going to have time to debate it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.145 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3173 May 20, 2015 
I see the Senator from Texas, who is 
also a defender of the Fourth Amend-ment, is here, and I would be happy to take a question without losing the floor. 
Mr. CRUZ. I thank the Senator from 
Kentucky. I would note that he and I agree on a great many issues, although we don’t agree entirely on this issue. But I want to take the opportunity to thank the Senator from Kentucky for his passionate defense of liberties. His is a voice this body needs to listen to. 
I would note that the Senator from 
Kentucky’s father spent decades in the House of Representatives as a pas-sionate advocate for liberty. Both his father’s voice and the Senator from Kentucky’s voice have altered the de-bate in this Chamber and have helped refocus the Congress and the American people on the critical importance of de-fending our liberty. 
I think protecting the Bill of Rights 
is a fundamental responsibility of the Federal Government. And it is heart-breaking that over the last 6 years we have seen a Federal Government that not only fails to protect the Bill of Rights but that routinely violates the constitutional liberties of American citizens and routinely violates the Bill of Rights. 
I listened to the learned remarks and 
questions from the Senator from Utah, where he noted that under the jus-tifications for the current bulk collec-tion of metadata, it is the position of the Federal Government that they have the full constitutional authority not only to collect metadata but to collect the positional location of every American. If any of us carry our cell phone, wherever we go, it is the posi-tion of the Obama administration that the Federal Government has the full constitutional authority to track the location of every American citizen no matter where we are. That is a breath-taking assertion of power. 
I would note that we do not merely 
need to speculate that that is the Obama administration’s position. In-deed, in a recent case before the U.S. Supreme Court, the Obama administra-tion argues that law enforcement could place a GPS locator on the automobile of any and every law-abiding citizen in this country and track the location of your automobile and my automobile with no probable cause, no articulable suspicion, no nothing. 
The Obama administration argued 
that the Fourth Amendment and the Bill of Rights say nothing about the Federal Government placing a GPS lo-cator on the automobile of private law- abiding citizens. 
Thankfully, the U.S. Supreme Court 
rejected that position. It did not reject that position 5 to 4 or 6 to 3 or 7 to 2; the U.S. Supreme Court rejected that radical antiprivacy position of the Obama administration unanimously, 9 to 0. 
I am entirely in agreement with my 
friend the Senator from Utah that the right resolution of the issue before this body is for the U.S. Senate to pass the 
USA FREEDOM Act. I am an original sponsor of that bipartisan legislation. 
The USA FREEDOM Act does two 
things: No. 1, it ends the Federal Gov-ernment’s bulk collection of phone metadata for law-abiding citizens. I am entirely in agreement with my friend, the Senator from Kentucky, that the Federal Government should not be col-lecting the data of millions of law- abiding citizens with no evidentiary basis to do so. It is long past time to end this program, and the USA FREE-DOM Act does that. 
At the same time, the USA FREE-
DOM Act maintains the tools to target terrorists. We are living in a dangerous world with the rise of ISIS and Al Shabaab and Boko Haram, not to men-tion Al Qaeda and radical Islamic ter-rorism across the globe. The threat to the American homeland has never been greater. 
It is critical that law enforcement 
and national security maintain the tools so that if there is a credible basis to believe that a particular individual is planning a terrorist attack, we can intercept their communications and we can prevent that terrorist attack be-fore, God forbid, they murder innocent Americans in the homeland. Those critical words there are ‘‘particular in-dividual.’’ 
What the Fourth Amendment envi-
sions is not that law enforcement’s hands are tied; law enforcement has tools to stop crimes. But as my friend the Senator from Kentucky has so pow-erfully observed, the Fourth Amend-ment was designed to prevent general warrants. It was designed to prevent the government from assuming that everyone in the country is automati-cally guilty and we will seize your in-formation. Rather, the tools of law en-forcement and national security should be particularized based on the facts of the evidence. 
That is why I support the USA 
FREEDOM Act because it accomplishes both goals. It protects our privacy rights and the Bill of Rights of law- abiding citizens, but it ensures we have the tools to prevent acts of terrorists. 
I would note two points that are im-
portant. There are a number of Mem-bers of this body, including a number of Members of my party and the party of this Senator from Kentucky, who argue that the PATRIOT Act should be reauthorized with no changes, and they argue to do anything else would jeop-ardize our national security. 
There are two facts that are critical 
to assess to responding to that argu-ment. No. 1, the Members of this body have received confidential classified briefings from the national security of-ficers of this administration. We are not at liberty to convey the specific de-tails of those briefings. But the Mem-bers of this body have been told, No. 1, 
the USA FREEDOM Act would provide effective tools so that we can prevent acts of terrorists. 
Indeed, they have gone further to say 
that it is entirely possible that under the USA FREEDOM Act, the national 
security team would have more effec-tive tools to stop actual terrorists than they do today under the bulk metadata collection of law-abiding citizens. That is worth underscoring. The national se-curity professionals advising this body have said the USA FREEDOM Act could well be more effective in pro-viding the tools to stop terrorists than the current status quo. That argument needs to sit in for everyone arguing that we have to maintain the status quo to stop terrorism. If it is the case, as we have been told, that the USA FREEDOM Act could be more effective, that argument suddenly falls to the ground. 
Secondly, I address my friends in the 
Republican Party who have preferred to reauthorize the PATRIOT Act. Even if that is their preference, it is abun-dantly, abundantly clear that a clean reauthorization to the PATRIOT Act ‘‘ain’t’’ passing this body and it cer-tainly ‘‘ain’t’’ passing the House of Representatives. I would note that the USA FREEDOM Act passed the House of Representatives 338 to 88. It was not a narrow victory. It was overwhelming. So even if Members of this body would prefer to reauthorize the PATRIOT Act in its entirety, the votes ‘‘ain’t’’ there. So the choice they face is letting it ex-pire altogether, losing the tools we have to prevent real terrorists from carrying out acts of terrorism or ac-cepting a commonsense middle ground that vigorously protects the Bill of Rights while maintaining the tools to target the bad guys. 
I will say this: With my friend the 
Senator from Kentucky, I entirely agree that he is fully entitled to intro-duce his amendments to that bill. This body should engage in a full and open debate considering amendments, and the Senator from Kentucky should be able to propose reasonable common-sense improvements to the USA FREE-DOM Act. 
We ought to debate them on the mer-
its in a full and open process. There was a time not too long ago when this body was called the world’s greatest deliberative body. Debate is what we are supposed to do on the merits. 
If the defenders of the PATRIOT Act 
right now are so confident of their po-sition, they should be prepared to de-bate the Senator from Kentucky on the merits, to debate each of the Members of this body on the merits, and to ar-rive at the right policy that both pro-tects our constitutional rights and en-sures we have all the tools we need to protect the safety of American citizens against acts of terrorism. 
I will note standing here with the 
Senator from Kentucky and with the Senator from Utah at 11:40 p.m., I am reminded of the movie ‘‘The Blues Brothers’’ saying: Jake, we have got to get the band back together again. I am reminded of previous evenings standing here with this same band of brothers in the wee hours of the morning. I will make a couple of final observations in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.146 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3174 May 20, 2015 
this question. The first is, the very 
first time I ever spoke on the Senate floor, when I was a brand-new freshman 
Senator, was during the last time the Senator from Kentucky was filibus-tering. Senator R
ANDPAULwas filibus-
tering against the Obama administra-tion’s policy of uncontrolled drone strikes and the refusal of the Obama administration to acknowledge that the Constitution prohibits the Federal Government from using a drone to tar-get a U.S. citizen with lethal force if that citizen does not pose an imminent threat on U.S. soil. 
When the Senator from Kentucky 
began that filibuster that morning, he had asked if I might come out and sup-port him. I told him at the time, as a newbie in this body, that I wanted to respect the institutions of the Senate, which included the tradition that the 
freshman Senator should stay quiet for a number of months before speaking. So initially I said: No, I am not going to come down; it is not yet time for me to speak on the Senate floor. Yet he stood there and 1 hour and 2 hours passed. I could not stand back without joining him in the support in that epic fight. That time I am reminded it was an anniversary of the Battle of the Alamo. So I had the opportunity to read to my friend William Barret Travis’s letter from the Alamo and to give him the encouragement of Texans who gave their lives in defense of lib-erty and, indeed, at the time to read tweets that were sent in support of the Senator from Kentucky. I said many times I will go to my grave in debt to Senator R
ANDPAULfor the first oppor-
tunity I had to speak on the Senate floor which was his epic filibuster. 
I would also note that following that 
filibuster, Senator P
AUL gave me two 
pieces of advice, both of which proved very helpful for a filibuster I was to do of my own several months later. Advice No. 1, he said, was wear comfortable shoes. I would note that I observed the last time Senator P
AULdid that, he did 
not follow this advice. He had not planned to speak as long as he had. He told me his feet hurt for 2 weeks. I will confess, it was to my great shame that I am wearing today my argument boots, which I wear every day on the Senate floor. But when I filibustered on ObamaCare, I shamefully left my boots in the closet and went and purchased black tennis shoes. As the hours wore on, I was very grateful I had abided by Senator P
AUL’s good advice and wore 
the tennis shoes. 
I would note, as I am sitting here 
today, that the good Senator is wear-ing tennis shoes today. So I am glad to see he follows his own advice, and I have no doubt that his calves and thighs will thank him tonight and in the morning. 
The second bit of advice Senator 
P
AULgave me was to drink very, very 
little water. That was advice he ac-knowledged likewise he had not fol-lowed in his own filibuster. I will note that not too long ago I was sitting in the President’s chair presiding, and the 
entire hour I was there, there was a glass of water on Senator P
AUL’s desk, 
and he did not drink a sip of it. 
I will note that was advice I endeav-
ored to follow. It was good advice, and I am glad to see my friend is following it as well. 
This is an exceptionally important 
issue that this body should be focused on, the responsibility to protect the Bill of Rights and the constitutional rights of every American. 
The question I would ask my friend 
the Senator from Kentucky is, is there any excuse for this body not taking se-riously our obligation to protect the Bill of Rights and the constitutional rights of privacy of every American? 
Mr. PAUL. I want to thank the Sen-
ator from Texas for joining in the bat-tle to defend the Bill of Rights and the Fourth Amendment. I know he is sin-cere in that approach. There is abso-lutely no excuse, no excuse not to de-bate this and no excuse not to vote on a sufficient amount of amendments, to try to make this better, to try to make the bulk collection of records go away. That is what the American people want. It is what the Constitution de-mands. My voice is rapidly leaving. My bedtime has long since passed. I think it is time we summarize why we are here today and what my hope is for the future with this issue. 
We have had a dozen Senators come 
down from both parties, from right, left, conservative, liberal, progressive, and Libertarian. We have had several friends come over from the House as well. There is a hunger in America for somebody to stand up, for all of us to stand up, for somebody to do the right thing, to say that the Bill of Rights needs to be defended, that the Bill of Rights is important. 
When I think of the Bill of Rights, I 
think it is not so much for the popular person, it is not so much for the high school quarterback or the prom queen; the Bill of Rights is for the least among us and the Bill of Rights is to try to prevent any kind of systemic bias from entering into the law for the way we treat people. People say: Well, we collect all this data, but we are not abusing anyone. We are doing it per-fectly in order. 
I agree with Senator L
EEthat just 
the collection of the data is the in-fringement in itself. The whole idea that we could put one name on a war-rant and collect 100 million records goes against everything we believe in. It goes against everything we fought for in the Revolution when we fought to be left alone. I think Justice Bran-deis put it best when he said that the right to be left alone is the most cher-ished of rights, the most prized among civilized men, to be left alone in our castle, or in today’s world, to be left alone in our cloud—the time has long since passed where we are going to have paper records—and that is going to be our exact home or exact castle that we are protecting. The time is now in the digital age 
that we need to protect our privacy when we loan out our records, and it is different to loan out your records and allow them to be held by a telephone company or by an Internet provider or in the cloud. It doesn’t mean you give up your right to privacy. I think you have an expectation of privacy with or without a contract, but often we have an explicit privacy agreement, an ex-plicit privacy contract that we actu-ally have with the phone company and Internet provider. They are supposed to protect our interests. It sends exactly the wrong signal to give liability pro-tection to these companies and say to them that they can run roughshod with us and that they can give their infor-mation out. 
The bulk collection must end, and I 
think we have the votes to do it now. We need to end the bulk collection of records, but that is not where this bat-tle ends. There is still a question as to whether the Executive is gathering a great deal of information through Ex-ecutive order. I think that has to be re-viewed, and it has to be reviewed in public. 
I agree with my friend Senator 
W
YDEN that the specifics of intel-
ligence—who the agents are, how we break code, how we technologically gather information—by all means does not need to be discussed in public, but whether we should collect all Ameri-cans’ phone records all the time should be discussed in public. It should have been revealed in an honest way. 
The fact that the Director of our Na-
tional Intelligence lied to us and said the program didn’t even exist I think is unforgivable and makes him unsuitable to lead our intelligence agency. We have to have trust. Because of this great and enormous power we allow our intelligence agencies to have, we have to have trust, and you cannot have trust when Congress is lied to. 
I think, as we move forward today, 
we have made great strides in pre-senting arguments in the debate for how we would make things better, how we would better circumscribe this great and ominous power, and how we would better make this power condu-cive to the Constitution. 
The ultimate success will be that we 
can actually change things, but part of the success will be that we have de-bated them today, and my hope is that the debate today will let the American public, as well as our leadership in the Senate, know that we are serious about this and that we want to vote on re-forms and that we want to vote on sev-eral different ways we can fix this issue. If this issue comes up every 3 years, for goodness’ sake, can’t we spend a couple of days trying to amend this and make it better? 
I thank the Senate staff for coming 
in and staying. I don’t think they had much choice in the matter, but I thank them for staying and not throwing things. We will try not to do this but every couple of years or so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.147 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3175 May 20, 2015 
I thank my staff for their help in a 
long day, and I thank the American people for considering the arguments and for helping us to hopefully push this toward the reform where we all re-spect the Fourth Amendment and the Bill of Rights once again. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
relinquish the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
END OF AERIAL DRUG 
FUMIGATION IN COLOMBIA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
speak briefly about a recent decision of the Government of Colombia to end the aerial fumigation of coca. 
Since the beginning of Plan Colombia 
15 years ago, the United States, at huge cost, has financed a fleet of aircraft, fuel, herbicide, and pilots to spray coca fields in Colombia. When this first began we were told that in 5 years the spraying, along with billions of dollars in U.S. military and other aid, would cut by half the flow of cocaine coming to the United States. 
Fifteen years later, that goal re-
mains elusive. While the cultivation of coca has been reduced, aerial fumiga-tion was never the solution to this problem. It is prohibitively expensive and unsustainable by the Government of Colombia. It also defies common sense. One Colombian official told me the cost of aerial fumigation is ap-proximately $7,000 per hectare, while the cost to purchase the coca produced in one hectare is $400. In other words, for one-fifteenth the cost of aerial fu-migation you could buy the coca and burn it. 
The process also ignores the reality 
of rural Colombia where most coca farmers are impoverished and have no comparable means of earning income. Absent viable economic alternatives they resort to the dangerous business of growing coca, often at the behest of the FARC rebels or other armed groups. 
The active ingredient in the herbi-
cide used in the fumigation is glyphosate, a common weed killer. It is used by farmers and gardeners in the United States and other countries, in-cluding Colombia. 
But controversy has plagued the aer-
ial fumigation since its inception. It is no surprise that Monsanto, which man-
ufactures the chemical, insists that glyphosate poses no threat to humans. But some Colombian farmers, whose homes are often located next to their fields, have claimed that they or their children suffered skin rashes, difficulty breathing, and other health problems after their property was sprayed. Oth-ers have complained that the herbicide has drifted into and destroyed licit food crops. 
Scientists have studied glyphosate 
for many years and have differed about its safety. Some studies have concluded it is harmless. The Environmental Pro-tection Agency says it has ‘‘low acute toxicity.’’ Others have linked it to birth deformities in amphibians. Most recently, the International Agency for Research on Cancer, IARC, an affiliate of the World Health Organization, re-ported that glyphosate is ‘‘probably carcinogenic to humans,’’ and that there is ‘‘limited evidence’’ that it can cause non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and lung cancer. 
I have been concerned for years about 
aerial fumigation in Colombia. While I am no scientist, I have wondered how the people of my State would react to the repeated aerial spraying of a chem-ical herbicide in areas where they live, grow food, and raise animals. I have also noted the conflicting views in the scientific literature, and we are all aware of instances when manufacturers insisted that a product was safe only to discover years later—too late for some who were exposed—that it was not. And, of course, there have been times when companies knew of the risk and chose to either ignore it or cover it up, motivated by profit over the welfare of the public. 
It is for these reasons that I have in-
cluded a provision in the annual De-partment of State and foreign oper-ations appropriations bill that requires the Secretary of State to certify that ‘‘the herbicides do not pose unreason-able risks or adverse effects to humans, including pregnant women and chil-dren, or the environment, including en-demic species.’’ Each year, the Sec-retary has made the certification. 
The IARC study changes things. Al-
though glyphosate remains controver-sial and Monsanto points out that the IARC study is not based on new field research, President Santos has re-sponded in the only responsible way unless further research definitively contradicts it. It would simply be un-conscionable for the Government of Co-lombia to ignore a study by the World Health Organization that a chemical sprayed over inhabited areas is poten-tially carcinogenic. 
I commend President Santos for this 
decision. I am sure it was not an easy one, as it will inevitably be blamed for increases in coca cultivation. But any-one who thinks that spraying chemi-cals from the air is a solution to the il-legal drug trade is deluding them-selves. It is enormously expensive and not something U.S. taxpayers can or should pay for indefinitely. It has al-
ready gone on for a decade and a half. And it does nothing to counter the eco-nomic incentive of coca farmers to sup-port their families. 
The Department of State reacted 
with the following statement: 
Any decision about the future of aerial 
eradication in Colombia is a sovereign deci-sion of the Colombian government, and we will respect that. The United States began eradication at the government’s request and our collaboration has always been based on Colombia’s willingness to deploy this useful tool. Given the recent suspension, we intend to redouble our efforts to use other tools such as enhanced manual eradication; inter-diction (both land and maritime); and im-proved methods to investigate, dismantle, and prosecute criminal organizations, in-cluding through anti-money laundering pro-grams. We will also continue our longer-term capacity building programs, especially those related to rule of law institutions, and con-tinue to help Colombia increase its govern-mental presence in the countryside as we recognize those to be the real keys to perma-nent change. 
That was the right response. Presi-
dent Santos has staked his legacy on negotiations to end the armed conflict in Colombia. After five decades of war that have uprooted millions of people and destroyed the lives of countless others, a peace agreement would fi-nally make it possible to address the lawlessness, injustice, and poverty that are at the root of the conflict. The United States should support him. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO POLICE CHIEF 
MICHAEL SCHIRLING 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is with 
great appreciation and a touch of sad-ness that I note the pending retirement of Michael Schirling, who has served as police chief of the city of Burlington, VT, with great distinction for the last 7 years. 
His youthful appearance belies the 
fact that Chief Schirling has been with the department for more than 25 years, first serving as an auxiliary officer while still attending the University of Vermont. 
Chief Schirling has held many titles 
over those years: patrol officer, detec-tive, investigator, director, com-mander, deputy chief, and finally chief. In other words, this Burlington native rose through the ranks. And through-out this impressive career, Chief Schirling has always sought a better way to do the job. 
Earlier in his career, he co-founded 
the Vermont Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, which recognized the potential for abuse as the Internet came of age. The task force has been critical to the investigation and pros-ecution of high-technology crimes that target those who are most vulnerable. 
After he took reins of the depart-
ment, Chief Schirling grew concerned that officers were spending too much time on paperwork and data entry, 
taking precious time away from polic-ing. In response he designed his own dispatch and records management soft-ware system. The Valcour system— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.149 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3176 May 20, 2015 
named after an island with historical 
significance on Lake Champlain—was launched in 2011. Not only has it proven more efficient, it has resulted in enor-mous cost savings for his department and others throughout Vermont that have since adopted it. 
But perhaps most important, Chief 
Schirling has been a leader in under-standing the importance of community policing. He stepped up foot patrols around the neighborhoods, stressing the importance of public engagement. He hosted community outreach events, including barbeques and monthly cof-fee sessions. He developed data-driven policing efforts to track the hot spots for crime. He implemented a street outreach program in coordination with the local mental health agency. The list goes on, but it is fair to say that the work of Chief Schirling will leave its mark on our State’s largest city for many years to come. Chief Schirling recognized the value of 21st century po-licing long before we heard the term. For these reasons, I have often called on Chief Schirling to share his experi-ence and ideas in testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee. His guid-ance on issues of critical importance, including his support for the Bullet-proof Vest Partnership Program, has been invaluable over these years. 
Chief Schirling and the Burlington 
Police Department recently marked the 150th anniversary of the depart-ment, and I was grateful to be a part of that celebration. As he prepares for re-tirement, I have no doubt there is an-other chapter for Chief Schirling still to be written. I will eagerly await his next move. 
f 
LGBT VETERANS MONUMENT AT 
LINCOLN NATIONAL CEMETERY 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this Me-
morial Day weekend, as our country remembers and honors those who have served America, a national cemetery in Elwood, IL, will make a distinguished mark on our Nation’s history. Lincoln National Cemetery will become home to the Nation’s first monument hon-oring fallen Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender, LGBT, veterans. 
A recognition of our fallen LGBT 
service members is long overdue. This monument serves as a testament to those members of our military who have shown devotion to their country in the eyes of discrimination. It is in their memory that we move toward a more just and equal future. 
The monument comes nearly 4 years 
after the repeal of Don’t Ask Don’t Tell. With repeal, our country took a step to move past the prejudices of the past and toward a day when all Ameri-cans can serve the country with hon-esty and pride. This monument recog-nizes that service with a fitting dedica-tion that reads: 
Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender peo-
ple have served honorably and admirably in America’s Armed Forces. In their memory and appreciation of their selfless service and sacrifice this monument was dedicated. This monument serves as a reminder 
to all of us that it is our job to envi-sion and create a more just and equal nation where there are no prerequisites to serve your country. All of our servicemembers join the military to serve America and make the world a better place. We must honor that serv-ice by making sure we continue to up-hold those values of equality and jus-tice at home that they have fought for abroad. 
f 
COMMEMORATING NORTH CARO-
LINA’S VETERANS AND SERVICEMEMBERS 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, this Me-
morial Day weekend is the 56th anni-versary of Charlotte Motor Speedway’s annual tribute that brings together more than 110,000 guests to celebrate our military patriots and reflect on their service and sacrifice. This event has remained one of the largest mili-tary recognition initiatives on Memo-rial Day weekend for more than five decades, honoring members of our armed services, veterans, Medal of Honor recipients, and remembering our fallen. This year’s celebration con-tinues their longstanding tribute by showcasing military aircraft in a patri-otic flyover, infantry and artillery ex-hibits, ground demonstrations of our Nation’s military strength, and a 21- gun salute to our fallen. 
Our servicemembers courageously 
stand between America and those who would do us harm, volunteering to make the ultimate sacrifice to preserve freedom. I commend all of those in the racing community for their continued support and annual tribute to our men and women in uniform. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOMEFRONT 
HEROES 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, May 
is recognized as National Military Ap-preciation Month. In addition to a time when we honor the men and women who wear our Nation’s uniform, we must also remember our military fami-lies who make tremendous sacrifices. 
These husbands and wives support 
our troops at home, during training missions and deployments. Military spouses are essential to the wellbeing of our service members and the strength of our national defense. We honor them with a special day hon-oring their role—National Military Spouse Appreciation Day. 
Arkansas is home to thousands of 
military personnel. Their spouses are the homefront heroes who serve our country out of uniform. I asked Arkan-sans to share the roles their spouses play in their military career. I want to highlight some of the ways Arkansas National Guard spouses support their partners’ call to service. 
MSG Tracy Onassis Hayes and her 
husband, Cedric, have been married just over 1 year. Master Sergeant Hayes says her husband had no idea what he was getting into when he mar-
ried a soldier. He has had to deal with the early mornings, late nights, and long weeks of her being away from home all while taking care of their 15- year-old son Ke’cy and making certain he gets to school, practice and all his other events while Master Sergeant Hayes travels out-of-State for training. He also makes sure the family pets are well cared for all while maintaining a traveling choir of over 30 children. Master Sergeant Hayes shared with 
me: 
He makes it look easy. My husband’s sup-
port of the past year has made serving a whole lot less stressful. I am very thankful for his love and support. He is my hero. Thank you Cedric for your commitment. 
Naomi Howard is familiar with mili-
tary life as the daughter of CW4 Arthur Troy. The military also paved the way for her love connection to her husband SFC James Howard. The couple met after James attended the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve, ESGR, briefing given by Naomi upon his return from deployment to Egypt. The couple spent the first 14 months of their marriage apart while James was deployed with the HHC 39th IBCT to Iraq. 
In 2004, the couple settled into a rou-
tine life in Cabot, AR, with James serv-ing on Active Guard/Reserve duty, and Naomi working as a civilian at the Na-tional Guard Bureau Professional Edu-cation Center. In 2007, James deployed to Iraq again and was away from home for more than 1 year. James told me: 
During this time Naomi did an amazing job 
raising four young children on her own. Since then, Naomi has continued working at the National Guard Bureau’s Professional Education Center and supporting me in my continued military service. Being in the military requires long hours and time away from home, yet my wife has continued to support me, more than I could have ever imagined. 
Not only is she a strong support for 
her husband and children, but she is doing this all while working and at-tending college as a full-time student. She was named to the Central Baptist College President’s List for Fall 2014 for maintaining a 4.0 GPA. ‘‘She juggles more than I could ever imagine and she excels at doing so,’’ James said. 
Wanda Thomen has been married for 
28 years to Deputy Commander CPT Rex Thomen of the 61st CST/WMD and is a mother of two children, Myranda and Phelan. Wanda served as an active duty airman and was honorably dis-charged in March 1998. Her prior serv-ice experience helps her to understand both sides, as a servicemember and as a spouse. She previously served as presi-dent of the Auxiliary of the National Guard Association of Arkansas whose motto is ‘‘The Other Half.’’ She also worked as the 39th Infantry Brigade Combat Team Family Readiness Sup-port assistant. She has been supportive during deployments, injuries, illness, and everyday activities as her husband continues his military career and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.050 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3177 May 20, 2015 
Wanda continues to give back to the 
troops and their families. 
Thank you to Cedric, Naomi, Wanda, 
and all of our military spouses for your support at home while your loved one is away defending our Nation. We thank you for your dedication and commitment to our Armed Forces, your family and extended military family. 
f 
HONORING WEST VIRGINIA 
VETERANS 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish 
to welcome some of West Virginia’s most outstanding citizens to Wash-ington. This week, as part of the fifth annual Always Free Honor Flight Pro-gram, we will recognize veterans from my home State for their dedicated commitment to our country. In light of West Virginia’s proud tradition of mili-tary service, it gives me great pleasure to honor these brave men and women who answered the call of duty during America’s hour of need. 
Since its inception, the Always Free 
Honor Flight Program has taken up the important task of thanking those to which we owe our deepest gratitude. As the daughter of a World War II vet-eran, this is something very near and dear to my heart. This year, we are joined by 29 Vietnam, Korea and World War II veterans from all across south-ern West Virginia. 
These brave patriots sacrificed the 
comforts of home to defend the cause of freedom in a foreign land. The perse-verance of our soldiers during these conflicts cannot be overstated. These individuals embody the extraordinary sacrifice exhibited by our service men and women throughout the greatest conflicts of the 20th century. 
One veteran on this year’s trip, SGT 
John M. Watson, Jr., who served with the renowned Tuskegee Airmen, will be honored with the Congressional Gold Medal for his service during World War II. 
In addition to Sergeant Watson, West 
Virginia veterans participating in this year’s Always Free Honor Flight Pro-gram include Joseph F. Graham, Blue-field, WWII; Staff Sergeant Robert Gra-ham, Hinton, WWII and Korean war; First Sergeant Melvin L. Grubb, Blue-field, WWII and Korean war; Staff Ser-geant Robert G. Kushner, Charleston, Korean war; Airman First Class Her-bert R. Dickerson, Beckley, Korean war; Corporal Billy G. Cooper, Milton, Korean war; Corporal James W. Ben-nett, Charleston, Korean war; Richard L. Graham, Beckley Korean war; Petty Officer Second Class William B. Sow-ers, Princeton, Korean war; Petty Offi-cer Third Class Charles E. Turley, Scott Depot, Korean war; Colonel Jack E. Fincham, Brenton, Vietnam war; Sergeant Philip Templeton, Milton, Vietnam war; Petty Officer Second Class John W. Fleming, Princeton, Vietnam war; Master Sergeant Edward F. Simmons, Bluefield, Vietnam war; Airman Second Class Nancy J. Sim-mons, Bluefield, Vietnam war; Ser-
geant Fred R. Smith, Hurricane, Viet-nam war; Sergeant Marshall G. Mann, Princeton, Vietnam war; Sergeant James R. Bond, Midway, Vietnam war; Senior Airman Allan D. Harbour, Princeton, Vietnam war; Sergeant First Class Andrew J. Thompson, Blue-field, Vietnam war; Captain Charles H. Mann, Athens, Vietnam war; Seaman Thomas E. Caruso, Lashmeet, Vietnam war; Sergeant Gordon L. Caldwell, Jr., Bluefield, Vietnam war; Lance Cor-poral Ricky D. Williams, Beckley, Vietnam war; Senior Airman Mary Byrd, Nitro, Vietnam war; Corporal Johnny L. Sanson, Cyclone, Vietnam war; Sergeant Dennis C. Hurley, Cy-clone, Vietnam war; Corporal William Cox, Bluefield, Vietnam war; and Cor-poral William L. Harry, Butler, TN, Korean war. 
Veterans participating in the Honor 
Flight as ‘‘guardians’’ include Com-mand Sergeant Major Kevin L. Harry from Milton; Sergeant First Class Mark A. Harry from St. Albans, and Specialist Selena K. Barker of Milton. These men and women are voluntarily dedicating their time to helping ensure that our veterans receive the thank- you they deserve. 
A great debt of gratitude is also owed 
to Dreama Denver, president of the Denver Foundation and Little Buddy Radio. These nonprofit organizations, which were founded by Dreama and her husband, Bob Denver, established the Always Free Honor Flight Network in West Virginia. 
I am so proud of the service and sense 
of duty that defines the American peo-ple. As the beneficiaries of that serv-ice, one of the most sacred tasks we hold is properly honoring the dedica-tion of our veterans. In bringing them together with the symbols of their sac-rifice, we can express our unyielding gratitude while demonstrating our lasting commitment to preserving their memory. One of the greatest hon-ors of serving in the United States Sen-ate is representing citizens who have given so much to their country. I take seriously the duty of ensuring that their sacrifice is honored with the same steadfast conviction with which they defended the rights and freedoms of every American. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in welcoming and thanking these exceptional West Vir-ginia veterans. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KAREN LOVE 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Karen A. Love upon her retirement from the Department of De-fense, DOD, after over 36 years in civil service. 
Karen was born in Greenville, OH and 
later moved to Ansonia, OH. She spent most of her formative years in Celina, where she attended the Immaculate Conception School, Celina Junior High School and Celina High School. 
After graduating magna cum laude 
from college, Karen moved to Wash-ington, DC to begin her career. She 
first worked for the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee and then moved to the Senate Armed Services Committee. While working for the Armed Services Committee, Karen had the privilege to work for chairmen on both sides of the aisle including John Stennis, John Tower, Barry Gold-water, and Sam Nunn. 
After 8 years as a staffer on Capitol 
Hill, Karen joined the Office of the As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Legis-lative Affairs, OASD LA. She subse-quently served as the personal and con-fidential assistant to six successive OASD LAs. As a result of her tenure in OASD LA, Karen was one of few DOD employees with significant institu-tional knowledge of both DOD and Con-gress. 
Because of her unique expertise, 
Karen was promoted to the position of Deputy for Legislative Operations in OASD LA, managing congressional committees’ questions and inserts for the R
ECORD , the congressional report-
ing requirements, and the legislative appeals process for DOD. Karen’s last position with DOD was as the Deputy Director for Operations for the OASD LA, where she was instrumental in the oversight of the office’s operations in support of the DOD’s legislative mis-sion and was a critical participant in the legislative affairs consolidation ef-fort directed by the Deputy Secretary of Defense. 
During Karen’s distinguished career 
of over 28 years with DOD, she sup-ported eight Assistant Secretaries of Defense for Legislative Affairs and served under eleven Secretaries of De-fense. 
I am honored to recognize and thank 
Karen for her dedicated Federal service to the country and wish her the best as she begins the next chapter of her life. 
f 
SOUTH BEND, INDIANA 150TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I 
wish to honor the city of South Bend on its 150th anniversary and to recog-nize the many contributions of South Bend’s citizens to the great State of In-diana, to our country and the world. 
South Bend’s history stretches back 
to the 1600s, when the St. Joseph Pota-watomi settled along the future St. Jo-seph River. European settlers estab-lished fur trading posts in the early 19th century. Soon after, Father Ed-ward Sorin arrived and founded the University of Notre Dame. Less than a decade later, in 1851, the first train passed through South Bend and devel-opment and economic growth soon fol-lowed. The town of South Bend became the city of South Bend on May 22, 1865, when it was granted a city charter. 
The city of South Bend quickly be-
came a manufacturing leader and con-tinues to innovate to this day. In 1852, Henry and Clement Studebaker opened the H&C Studebaker blacksmith shop. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.136 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3178 May 20, 2015 
After the Studebakers’ younger broth-
ers joined them, they became the Stu-debaker Brothers Manufacturing Com-pany. Studebaker became the world’s largest wagon and buggy manufacturer and then entered the automotive indus-try. The company had some famous customers, such as Thomas Edison, who purchased the second Studebaker 
electric car in 1902. The Studebaker Corporation would go on to bring op-portunity and hundreds of jobs to fami-lies across northern Indiana. 
As business boomed for the Stude-
baker Corporation, new businesses opened and South Bend grew. In the early 1900s, the Bendix Corporation, Honeywell, the South Bend Toy Com-pany, AlliedSignal, and other well- known companies opened their doors. Like many communities across the country, South Bend changed with the times. Companies, like Studebaker, were forced to close their doors, but the innovative spirit of South Bend carried on. Now, South Bend is taking its manufacturing roots in a new direc-tion, creating a high-tech hub in north-ern Indiana. Transforming old factory grounds into the high-tech Ignition Park, the city has opened its doors to data centers and turbomachinery re-search. There are many exciting entre-preneurial efforts that will continue to create jobs and opportunities for South Bend residents. 
Today, South Bend is one of the larg-
est cities in Indiana and has a popu-lation of more than 100,000 citizens. The city is not only critical to Indi-ana’s economy but also a top destina-tion for visitors to our State. Top at-tractions in the South Bend area in-clude Potawatomi Park Zoo, the Stu-debaker National Museum, South Bend Chocolate Company, and the nearby University of Notre Dame. 
A center of world-renowned academic 
excellence, the University of Notre Dame grew from a small school for boys founded by Father Sorin in 1842 to one of the most prestigious universities in the country. With excellent aca-demic and athletic programs, Notre Dame attracts students from around the Nation and about 90 different coun-tries. Important to our South Bend community, the university is the area’s largest employer and an active member of the community. Our com-munity is home to other outstanding higher education institutions, includ-ing, St. Mary’s College, Holy Cross Col-lege and Indiana University at South Bend, which draw the best and bright-est students from across the State. 
The city of South Bend also has a 
long history of outstanding public serv-ants. Vice President Schuyler Colfax was a South Bend native, serving as Congressman, then Speaker of the House during the Civil War, and finally as Vice President to Ulysses S. Grant. Former Indiana Governor Joe Kernan once led the city as mayor and con-tinues to call South Bend home. Former Congressman John Brademas, a South Bend Central graduate, was an active participant in the civil rights 
movement, working hard to both inte-grate schools and increase their fund-ing across the entire country. 
Today, I also congratulate the cur-
rent leaders of South Bend: mayor Pete Buttigieg, the members of the South Bend Common Council, and all of the other hardworking city officials for their many contributions to making this ‘‘21st Century City’’ the thriving city it is today. 
The city of South Bend reflects our 
Hoosier values, and its citizens serve as an example of how hard work and dedi-cation lead to success, opportunity, and prosperity. I came to South Bend as a student in 1972. I was privileged to have met my wife and raised our fam-ily here. And today, we continue to call the South Bend community our home. 
It is also a great honor to represent 
the city of South Bend in the Senate. On behalf of the State of Indiana, I congratulate each and every citizen of South Bend on the city’s 150th anniver-sary and wish you an equally bright and prosperous future. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
HOPKINTON, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
250TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
honor Hopkinton, NH—a town in Merrimack County that is celebrating the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am proud to join citizens across the Granite State in recognizing this spe-cial milestone. 
Hopkinton, previously known as New 
Hopkinton by the original settlers from Hopkinton, MA, was incorporated in 1765 by colonial Governor Benning Wentworth, and included the three communities of Hopkinton, Contoocook Village, and West Hopkinton. As a centrally located town, Hopkinton gained an influential reputation. Its farms thrived on fertile land fed by local bodies of water and businesses continued to prosper as State leaders and prominent business owners moved to the area to be closer to the center of activity. 
As the town’s influence grew, it came 
to be known as one of the most power-ful locations in the State. Coinciden-tally, the New Hampshire Legislature met in Hopkinton four times during the years of 1798 to 1807. The civic- minded residents of the town later pe-titioned for Hopkinton to become the State’s capital city, but the neigh-boring town of Concord eventually won the bid in 1814 and now houses the New Hampshire Legislature. 
Hopkinton is home to two historic 
covered bridges, including the Rowell’s Bridge that was built in 1835 and the Contoocook Railroad Bridge that spans the beautiful Contoocook River and is the oldest covered bridge of its kind in existence. With 1290 acres of protected land, Hopkinton is rich in natural beauty with sprawling forests, numer-ous hiking and biking trails, as well as 
access to countless outdoor activities including canoeing, kayaking and cross country skiing. 
The town’s population has grown to 
over 5,500 residents, but their record of service is indicative of a much larger town. The people of Hopkinton have a strong commitment to the spirit of community and volunteerism, as evi-denced by the hard work and dedica-tion of its residents involved with the planning and celebration of the 100th anniversary of the renowned Hopkinton State Fair this coming Sep-tember and the town’s special sestercentennial anniversary. 
Hopkinton and its residents have 
greatly contributed to the life and growth of New Hampshire. I ask my colleagues to join me today in extend-ing congratulations to the people of Hopkinton as they celebrate the town’s 250th anniversary. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DIANE 
JUERGENSMEYER 
∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Diane Juergensmeyer of St. Eliz-abeth, MO, for her dedication and serv-ice to St. Elizabeth High School, her community, and the entire State of Missouri. From 1980 through 2010, Juergensmeyer coached St. Elizabeth High School’s women’s softball team to 489 victories, including 358 fall cham-pionship wins, while also teaching reading skills, English, speech, and drama in the classroom. 
Overall, the St. Elizabeth Lady Hor-
nets won eight conference titles under her leadership, not to mention three Class 1 State championship titles in 1992, 1994, and 2002, and another as an assistant in 2011. 
As the daughter of Leonard and 
Marie Schanzmeyer, Juergensmeyer grew up in a large family on a farm where a fundamental respect for hard work and competition were instilled in her at a young age. She played on St. Elizabeth’s first softball team and has remained a key contributor to the growth of the sport’s popularity as it is seen in Missouri today. 
After graduating from St. Elizabeth 
High School in 1976, she attended Cen-tral Missouri University. Shortly after graduating from Central Missouri Uni-versity, she returned to her local high school to coach, teach, and even drive the bus. Her dedication to her commu-nity has remained constant and has re-mained a force in her efforts to make the St. Elizabeth Lady Hornets the re-spected softball program that it is today. 
In addition to her coaching and 
teaching careers, Juergensmeyer served on the Missouri Softball Advi-sory Committee for 8 years and the Na-tional Federation Softball rules com-mittee for 4 years. She was also named the 115th District’s Outstanding Mis-sourian in 2004. 
Diane Juergensmeyer has played a 
major role in the success of the Lady 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.059 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3179 May 20, 2015 
Hornets and the St. Elizabeth commu-
nity, and her legacy will continue to impact future generations through the foundations she helped put in place, so her induction into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame comes as no surprise. I congratulate Coach Juergensmeyer on her many successes and wish her the best in her future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROD DANIELS 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize WBAL-TV 11 anchorman Rod Daniels for his career of journalistic service to the residents of the Greater Baltimore area. Mr. Daniels has been a trusted voice on WBAL-TV 11 for more than 30 years, and his steady and color-ful reporting has remained consistent and creative throughout that time. On the occasion of his final nightly broad-cast, which will occur this Friday, I would like to thank Mr. Daniels both for his years of service and his dedica-tion to bringing viewers the nightly news with a regular measure of hope. 
At the time of his retirement, Mr. 
Daniels will have distinguished himself as the longest continually serving nightly news anchor in the Baltimore media market, no small accomplish-ment against the backdrop of industry- wide newsroom downsizing that has characterized the media business dur-ing much of his career. Mr. Daniels came to Baltimore in 1984 and has been there for the city through tragedies like the 9/11 attacks and all-too-recent riots following the death of Freddie Gray. His exclusive coverage when the Roman Catholic Church elevated Balti-more archbishops to its College of Car-dinals rightly garnered national awards. So it was no surprise, then, that Baltimore turned to Mr. Daniels when it was time to host the welcome celebration for Pope John Paul II at Camden Yards, an enormous com-pliment and honor. 
Throughout his career, Mr. Daniels 
has shown an ongoing commitment to craft, charity, and community. He has spent countless hours speaking to school groups, serving on the boards of organizations like the National Aquar-ium in Baltimore, and hosting events to battle deadly diseases like cystic fi-brosis and cancer. Mr. Daniels even has taken the Polar Bear Plunge into the frigid waters of the Chesapeake Bay to help a worthy cause, while finding the time to film public service announce-ments against animal cruelty. 
Mr. Daniels began his career as a 
weekend sports anchor at WIS-TV in Columbia, SC. He then moved to WTAE-TV in Pittsburgh as a weekend anchor and reporter, and then moved to WISN-TV in Milwaukee. Mr. Daniels is an alumnus of William Patterson University in Wayne, NJ, and received the Legacy Award for Distinguished Alumni from the William Patterson University Foundation in 2011. He also has completed enrichment programs through the Community Film Work-shop Council. I ask my colleagues to join me in ex-
pressing sincere appreciation and con-gratulations to Mr. Daniels for his many contributions and accomplish-ments throughout his distinguished ca-reer. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING ESTHER B. 
NEWMAN 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Esther B. Newman, the founder and chief executive officer of Leadership Montgomery, a not-for- profit community organization dedi-cated to public service and manage-ment training in Montgomery County, MD. Mrs. Newman’s vision of compas-sionate outreach, effective and inspira-tional leadership, and community im-provement have long nurtured the peo-ple of Montgomery County, effecting positive change for nearly 40 years. 
Ms. Newman was born and raised in 
Washington, DC. She began her sec-ondary education while balancing the responsibilities of motherhood. She graduated from Montgomery College, one of Maryland’s premier community colleges, with an associate’s degree in mental health in 1975. She later earned a B.A. in human service administration from Antioch University and an M.S. in applied behavioral science from Johns Hopkins University. 
The foundations of Ms. Newman’s 
legacy of public service were estab-lished shortly after her graduation from Montgomery College when she es-tablished the Family Life Center of Montgomery County in 1976, where she served as director until 1979. She then transitioned into work at Olney, MD’s Montgomery General Hospital as a public relations consultant, simulta-neously contributing to the local Cou-rier-Gazette newspapers as a commu-nity correspondent and serving as an officer on the Upper Montgomery Com-munity Mental Health Center Citizens Advisory Committee. 
Throughout the 1980s, Ms. Newman 
continued to serve in an extensive ca-pacity across Montgomery County, en-compassing a diverse portfolio of health care focused outreach, volunteer service, and civic leadership positions. In 1981, Ms. Newman joined the Olney Chamber of Commerce and became a board member in 1984. By 1983, she had moved into a leadership role as the pro-gram director of the YWCA of Mont-gomery County and later joined the Montgomery County Chamber of Com-merce, where she held the role of exec-utive director from 1986 through 1988. 
As the decade drew to a close, Ms. 
Newman drew on her years of public service and leadership experience and formulated a curriculum of manage-ment training retreats, lectures, and educational guidelines. She worked with the late Larry Pignone of the United Way to establish Leadership Montgomery in 1989, where she has served as director ever since. The core program of Leadership Montgomery, which incorporates youth, business ex-ecutive, senior, and emerging leader 
training modules, is aimed at inspiring the next generation of business and civic leaders in Montgomery County and beyond. Above all, Leadership Montgomery strives to establish a more inclusive management commu-nity, comprised of leaders of diverse backgrounds and perspectives. 
In the 26 years since its founding, 
Leadership Montgomery has enriched and educated more than 2,000 grad-uates. The success of this mission is re-flected in the program’s accomplished alumni, with local Board of Education members, Circuit Court judges, mem-bers of both the Maryland Senate and House of Delegates, and Montgomery County Councilmembers among them. 
Throughout her career in public life, 
Esther Newman has also helped to raise more than $5 million in contribu-tions for scholarships and programs, in addition to nearly $3 million of in-kind donations. For her unparalleled com-mitment to service, generosity, and tireless devotion to the betterment of Montgomery County, she has been rec-ognized with numerous accolades, in-cluding Jewish Women International’s Women to Watch Community Leader-ship Award in 2011, the Corporate Vol-unteer Council President’s Award in 2009, the Victims’ Rights Foundation’s Game Changer Award in 2014, and an honorary degree in public service from her alma mater Montgomery College in 2002. 
Ms. Newman will be retiring from her 
position as director of Leadership Montgomery in September, after more than a quarter-century of education and guidance. Her compassionate spir-it, inspirational leadership, and unwav-ering devotion to civic improvement have long inspired the greater Mont-gomery County community. Many of the people Ms. Newman have touched have taken the lessons that they have learned at Leadership Montgomery into business and government. Though she will soon step down as a director, I have no doubt that Ms. Newman will continue to be involved in the commu-nity and will continue to inspire others to enter leadership roles. I ask my col-leagues to join me is wishing her all the best for a restful and fulfilling retirement. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID G. BAKERIAN 
∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is 
with great pleasure that I rise on be-half of the Delaware delegation to honor the service of David G. Bakerian upon his retirement as president, CEO and treasurer of the Delaware Bankers Association. David has dedicated the past 22 years of his life to helping lead the banking industry and keeping it alive and thriving in Delaware for the countless people it employs and serves. 
As president of the Delaware Bankers 
Association, David’s priority has been to ensure that a significant part of America’s banking industry—one of Delaware’s top employers—maintained 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.053 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3180 May 20, 2015 
its home in in the First State and con-
tinues to thrive while serving cus-tomers in the First State and around the world. Tens of thousands of Dela-wareans rely on the good jobs that our State’s financial services provide, jobs that have enhanced the lives of many. Dave is known for being honest, and even if someone didn’t always like the answer, they respected him for doing the right thing, not what was easy or expedient. He also is admired for his positive, can-do attitude regardless of the magnitude of the challenges he and the members of the Delaware Bankers Association have faced over the years. 
Over more than two decades, David 
has worked with three Governors and 
testified before and advised 11 separate Delaware General Assemblies on a vari-ety of banking legislative matters, in-cluding credit cards, trust administra-tion, interstate banking and branching, foreclosure mediation, and consumer protection. In 2001, David led the Dela-ware Bankers Association in a coopera-tive venture with the University of Delaware’s Center for Economic Edu-cation and Entrepreneurship, the Fed-eral Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, and the Consumer Credit Counseling Serv-ices of Delaware and Maryland to form Keys to Financial Success, a high school credit course focusing on finan-cial literacy. The program is still of-fered today in 28 high schools in Dela-ware with more than 4,200 students par-ticipating. In 2004, David was elected to a 1-year chairmanship of the State As-sociation Division of the American Bankers Association. In this role, he became the national spokesperson for the 50 State bankers associations and held a seat on the American Bankers Association board of directors. He is the only Delawarean ever to serve in this national leadership role. His serv-ice in that role is a source of pride to our State. 
While David is passionate about 
banking, he actually began his career in education and studied to become a college professor. He possesses a re-markable ability to write clearly and communicate effectively. Those skills have helped him go on to such a suc-cessful career in banking, in part be-cause of his ability to explain highly complex issues to almost anyone and everyone. His passion for education can be seen in his own academic achieve-ments. After receiving his bachelor’s degree from Siena College in New York, he went on to receive a master’s degree from the University of West Florida and a postgraduate certificate in higher education administration from the University of Pennsylvania. Prior to his appointment at the Dela-ware Bankers Association, he served as executive director of the Delaware Chapter of the American Institute of Banking. He began his tenure at Dela-ware AIB in 1985 and oversaw the edu-cational unit. 
Through his tireless efforts, David 
Bakerian has made a positive dif-ference in not only the banking com-munity but the education community 
and the community writ large. I am de-lighted to salute David and thank him for his many years of service to Dela-ware and to congratulate him on a truly remarkable and distinguished ca-reer. I know he looks forward to spend-ing more time with his grandchildren in his garden and refining his culinary skills in the kitchen. In closing, on be-half of the people of Delaware, as well as on behalf of Senator C
OONS and Con-
gressman C ARNEY , I want to wish David 
and his wife Pam, his son Nick, and his daughters Alex and Catherine, along with his son-in-law Jeff and his grand-children Adam and Madeline, the very best in all that lies ahead. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEBORAH BLONG 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
commend Deborah Blong from Mis-soula, MT, who was recently recognized as the recipient of the American Net-work of Community Options and Re-sources 2015 Direct Support Profes-sional, DSP, of the Year Award for the State of Montana. 
This award recognizes Ms. Blong’s 
dedication and hard work every day in her efforts to support members of the Montana community with intellectual, developmental, and other significant disabilities. Ms. Blong’s selflessness is clear. In addition to taking care of her husband who suffers from Parkinson’s disease, she manages a home with eight residents—four have Prader-Willi syn-drome and three others struggle with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. She works 14-hour days, often 6 to 7 days a week. 
Deborah Blong makes a difference 
each and every day for those whom she cares for. For 20 years, Ms. Blong has been a positive influence on those around her. For her efforts, Ms. Blong has earned the thanks of a grateful State. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING NOELLE 
VERHELST 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Noelle Verhelst on being selected not only as Nevada’s Cherry Blossom Princess for the 2015 Centennial Cherry Blossom Festival in Washington, DC, but also on being se-lected as U.S. Cherry Blossom Queen. Ms. Verhelst is the first Nevada Cherry Blossom Princess to be selected as U.S. Cherry Blossom Queen, a well-deserved accolade. 
Ms. Verhelst is a shining example of 
someone who truly cherishes the Silver State. She was raised in Las Vegas and attended the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, receiving her bachelor’s degree in political science. Prior to moving to Washington, DC, she worked in Gov-ernor Brian Sandoval’s Office of Eco-nomic Development. She currently works for Congressman J
OEHECK(NV– 
3) as a legislative correspondent. Her dedication and service to the great State of Nevada are greatly appre-ciated. Ms. Verhelst was chosen in February 
by the Nevada State Society to rep-resent Nevada in the National Con-ference of State Societies and the Cherry Blossom Princess Program. Ne-vada is proud to support one of our own as she joins young women from across the Nation in community involvement and educational, leadership, and cul-tural activities throughout the year. In 
April, she was selected as U.S. Cherry Blossom Queen at the Official Cherry Blossom Grand Ball and Coronation of the United States Cherry Blossom Queen, a tradition that began in 1948. As U.S. Cherry Blossom Queen, Ms. Verhelst will have the opportunity to represent both the Silver State and the United States while she visits the Japan Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, during her official United States Cher-ry Blossom Queen Goodwill Ambas-sador trip in May. 
I am proud to recognize Ms. Verhelst 
on her excellent representation of Ne-vada in her role as Nevada Cherry Blos-som Princess and U.S. Cherry Blossom Queen. She should be proud of her achievements. 
I join the citizens of Nevada in con-
gratulating Ms. Verhelst on her accom-plishment and wish her all the best during her United States Cherry Blos-som Queen Goodwill Ambassador trip and in all of her future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. COLLEEN 
CRIPPS 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Dr. Colleen Cripps on her retirement after serving the great State of Nevada for 25 years with the Nevada Division of Environmental Protection, NDEP. It gives me great pleasure to recognize her years of hard work and commitment to making the Silver State the best it can be. 
Dr. Cripps stands as a true example 
of someone who has spent many years dedicated to her home State. She was born in Ely, NV, and she received her master of arts in public administration and her doctor of philosophy in bio-chemistry from the University of Ne-vada, Reno. Throughout her career with NDEP, Dr. Cripps served as chief of the Bureau of Air Quality; deputy administrator, responsible for the agency’s Air, Waste, and Federal Fa-cilities Bureau; and acting adminis-trator and administrator of NDEP. Her positive legacy in the department will be felt for years to come. 
Dr. Cripps’ commitment to her cause 
goes beyond her career. She served on numerous industry-related boards, such as the National Association of Clean Air Agencies, NACAA’s, execu-tive board from 2003 to 2009, serving as president, and the Western States Air Resources Council’s board, serving on the executive committee and as vice president. She also represented Nevada in the Western Regional Air Partner-ship and was one of Nevada’s observers in the Western Climate Initiative. Her years of service to the Silver State are invaluable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.079 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3181 May 20, 2015 
I am grateful for her dedication to 
the people of Nevada. She exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and service and should be proud of her long and meaningful career. Today, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Dr. Cripps on her retire-ment, and I give my deepest apprecia-tion for all that she has done to make Nevada a better place. I offer her my best wishes for many fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE LOMBARDO 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is an 
honor today to personally recognize Mr. Joe Lombardo, who will soon retire from Gulfstream Aerospace in Savan-nah, GA for his significant contribu-tions to the aviation industry. His fore-thought, leadership, and commitment to improving the industry are evi-denced in his 40 years of hard work. 
Beginning in 1975, Mr. Lombardo 
helped pave the way for the future of flight. He started at Douglas Aircraft, a division of McDonnell Douglas Cor-poration, working on the DC–10/MD–11 Trijet program Mr. Lombardo was later responsible for the MD–88/MD–90 Twinjet production operation. 
In 1996, after 20 years at Douglas Air-
craft, Mr. Lombardo joined Gulfstream Aerospace in Savannah. There he held positions as the vice president of co-production and the chief operating offi-cer. He also served as president from 2007 to 2011 and as the executive vice president of the Aerospace Group for General Dynamics, Gulfstream’s parent company. 
During his tenure at Gulfstream, Mr. 
Lombardo was instrumental in the co-production of the Gulfstream IV-SP and Gulfstream GV and the develop-ment of the Gulfstream G650 and the Gulfstream G280. 
Mr. Lombardo’s contributions extend 
to his community where he served on the Corporate Angel Network’s board of directors and as the chairman of the Board of Governors of Ocean Exchange. He is the recipient of the National Management Association’s Silver Knight Award and was awarded the Cliff Henderson Trophy by the National Aeronautic Association in 2012 for his aviation leadership. 
It is my pleasure to join Mr. 
Lombardo’s colleagues, family, and friends in celebrating his dedicated ca-reer and his many contributions to the aerospace industry and community. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BOBBY ANDREW 
∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
wish to recognize a man who was well known across my State, and in many circles across our Nation. Bobby An-drew, an Alaska Native Yupik leader, passed away on May 12 at the age of 73 near Aleknagik in southwest Alaska. 
Aleknagik is 16 miles northwest of 
its hub community of Dillingham, a small town of about 2,500 residents, which sits at the confluence of the Nushagak River, an inlet of Alaska’s 
Bristol Bay. 
Bobby was seen as a leader by many 
Native and non-Native Alaskans. At a young age Bobby attended territorial and BIA schools in Southwest Alaska and then went off to Ohio to earn an accounting degree from Dyke Spen-cerian Business College, now known as Chancellor University in Cleveland. He then returned home to bring his edu-cation back to Alaska. 
Bobby was a lifelong subsistence hun-
ter and fisherman who was respected by many across the State. He taught many of the importance of traditional knowledge and passing along impor-tant Alaska Native values. 
Bobby was a known advocate for land 
and water protection in Alaska. As a writer and public speaker Bobby took his advocacy across the State, Nation, and overseas. He often visited places like Juneau, Washington, DC, and Lon-don when asked to speak about Alaska. It was said about Bobby that ‘‘any-where he was needed, he would go . . .’’ 
Bobby was once quoted saying, ‘‘I 
find myself fighting for the future of our renewable fish and wildlife re-sources. They are the central part of my culture,’’ he said. ‘‘We need to let the rest of the world know so we can all work together to protect the envi-ronment, air, water and lands that produce subsistence resources on which we depend.’’ 
Bobby loved Alaska, loved his fam-
ily—especially his grandchildren—and he was an important voice for Alaska. He passed naturally at his cabin, a place he loved, where he went to rest after fishing. He will be missed. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL KEVIN 
KENNEDY 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Colonel Kevin Kennedy, com-mander of the 28th Bomb Wing, Ells-worth Air Force Base, near Rapid City, SD. Colonel Kennedy has been the com-mander at Ellsworth for the past 2 years, and has served in his position admirably. 
Colonel Kennedy began his career at 
the Air Force Academy in Colorado. He is a B–1 pilot who went on to serve at Ellsworth on multiple occasions, in-cluding as deputy commander of the 28th Operations Group as recently as 2010. During his career he also served as the vice commander of the 379th Air Expeditionary Wing in South West Asia and as the director of the Air Force Strategic Study Group at the Pentagon here in DC. 
When he came back to Ellsworth 2 
years ago as base commander, my of-fice was working with the Air Force on a 9-year project to expand the Powder River Training Complex, which is the primary training airspace for the B–1 bombers based at Ellsworth, as well as the B–52 bombers based in Minot Air Force Base, ND. When Colonel Kennedy arrived at Ellsworth as base com-mander, he made the completion of the Powder River Training Complex one of 
his top priorities, and he assured me that this airspace expansion would be completed under his watch. This was not a pledge he took lightly. Be it em-phasizing the need for this airspace within the Air Force hierarchy or driv-ing out to Montana to meet with Na-tive American tribal leaders, Colonel Kennedy was willing to go the extra mile to bring this airspace home. 
As a result of his efforts, in January 
of this year the Air Force signed the Record of Decision for the Powder River Training Complex expansion, which was approved by the FAA a few months later. Once this airspace is charted and operational, Ellsworth Air Force Base will save up to $23 million a year by being able to train closer to home. In addition, other aircraft from around the Nation can come to South Dakota to utilize this training space, improving overall readiness. The ex-panded Powder River Training Complex is a national treasure. 
I want to thank Colonel Kennedy for 
his commitment to this project and for his service to our Nation. He really is a shining example of the dedication and leadership that makes America’s Air Force the greatest in the world. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING INNOGENOMICS 
TECHNOLOGIES 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses often have the unique abil-ity to pinpoint serious problems in their communities while working with local agencies and other small busi-nesses to get things done. Sometimes these small businesses provide ground- breaking, innovative technological so-lutions to problems that have gone un-solved for decades. As we close out Na-tional Small Business Week, I am proud to recognize InnoGenomics Tech-nologies of New Orleans, LA. as a Small Business of the Day for National Small Business Week. 
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina’s 
devastation, Dr. Sudhir Sinha, presi-dent and CEO of InnoGenomics Tech-nologies, had the idea to develop a new DNA marker system to aid in identi-fying victims of natural disasters. De-veloped with the support of National Science Foundation Small Business In-novation Research, SBIR, grants, InnoGenomics Technologies’ patented technology gives forensic scientists the ability to test the most challenging DNA submissions to solve crimes and save lives. Additionally, the InnoGenomics Technologies team is currently developing a new method to detect and monitor cancer—a liquid bi-opsy that can be conducted through a minimally invasive blood test. Com-bined, these two groundbreaking en-deavors are advancing and revolution-izing healthcare and forensic investiga-tions. 
Congratulations again to 
InnoGenomics Technologies for being selected as a Small Business of the Day for National Small Business Week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.118 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3182 May 20, 2015 
Thank you for your continued commit-
ment to innovating DNA technologies to solve crimes and save lives right in the heart of Louisiana. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HARING CATFISH 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses often set a high standard for quality and service across the United States. Commitment to reaching these high thresholds is most important in our agriculture and food industries. One small business that has contin-ually held itself to the highest bar for quality and service is Haring Catfish, located in Wisner, LA—the Small Busi-ness of the Day for National Small Business Week. 
Louisiana is known for its fresh, 
high-quality, and delicious seafood. Opened in the early 1960s by Walter Carl ‘‘Pete’’ Haring, Sr., Haring Catfish has since grown to processing over 300,000 pounds of catfish per week. Haring Catfish’s commitment to the highest quality catfish through healthy, high protein diets has ele-vated them to be one of the most-rec-ognized catfish farms in the United States. Haring Catfish has received nu-merous distinguished awards, including the Louisiana Catfish Farmer of the Year Award, Catfish Farmers of Amer-ica Award of Excellence, and the Small Business Person of the Year Award by the U.S. Small Business Administra-tion. 
Congratulations again to Haring Cat-
fish for being selected as a Small Busi-ness of the Day for National Small Business Week. Thank you for your continued commitment to providing the high-quality and delicious catfish in Louisiana. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING RAISING CANE’S 
CHICKEN FINGERS 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, just as 
important as it is to recognize our small businesses, it is often important to also recognize our small business success stories—especially those that make a substantial impact in their in-dustries and in their communities. As a part of National Small Business Week, I am proud to recognize the Louisiana small business success story of Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers. 
In the early 1990s, Todd Graves was 
inspired to open a chicken finger res-taurant. After the bank turned down the fresh-out-of-college graduate for a loan, Graves spent the next few years working various jobs to earn and save the money necessary to open Raising Cane’s in Baton Rouge, LA. in 1996. In the years since, Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers has opened over 150 locations across the United States and has gained a fandom following. Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers prides itself on their commitment to the absolute highest quality products and services— a model that has earned them numer-ous ‘‘Best Places to Work’’ awards from regions across the country. Never forgetting its small business roots, 
Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers stays true to Louisiana and regularly gives back to the communities their estab-lishments serve. Todd Graves and the entire Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers crew are an inspiring example of the hard work, courage, and dedication that go into running American small businesses. 
Congratulations again to Raising 
Cane’s Chicken Fingers for being rec-ognized as a small business success story during the 2015 National Small Business Week. Your commitment to giving back to your local communities and remembering your small business beginning is recognized and greatly ap-preciated. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL WILLIAM P. 
DAVIS 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, today I 
honor the career of one of Louisiana’s heroes and most accomplished resi-dents, retired Marine Corps Col. Wil-liam P. Davis. Colonel Davis was born at Camp Pendleton, CA, the son of a career marine, and spent his youth fol-lowing his father’s military postings. He is a combat veteran of Operation Desert Storm, and subsequently as-signed as the supply, fiscal, and con-tracting officer for Landing Force Training Command Atlantic. In 1997, he was assigned to his first tour at the Marines Forces Reserve in New Orle-ans, LA. During that period, he was a parent volunteer for the Young Ma-rines chapter in Slidell, LA, where he organized training events and tours to units and bases. In addition, he pro-vided classes for the annual regimental encampment as well as at recruit training events. 
Colonel Davis was operations officer 
for Joint Task Force Civil Support, a military organization under the U.S. Northern Command at Fort Monroe, VA, where he led a team of technical experts in planning post-incident re-covery from chemical, biological, radi-ological or nuclear incidents. He sup-ported planning for the 2006 Winter Olympics, 2006 Southeast Asian Games, and other exercises across the world. During Hurricane Katrina’s aftermath in 2005, he worked with Federal, mili-tary, State, and local authorities in support of response operations. 
Colonel Davis returned to New Orle-
ans in 2006, becoming assistant chief of Staff at Marine Forces Reserve. He led a staff of 80 people charged with over-seeing construction, maintenance, and repairs of 187 reserve sites nationwide, including the construction of the 29- acre Marine Corps Support Facility in New Orleans. From 2011 until recently, Colonel Davis was the inaugural com-mandant of the New Orleans Military and Maritime Academy, a charter high school where all students are cadets of the Marine Corps Junior Reserve Offi-cers Training Corps Program and are focused on college preparation with an emphasis on science, technology, engi-neering, and math. In his job as com-
mandant, Colonel Davis has helped positively shape the lives of several hundred cadets from the region. After 4 years of operation, the academy has test results and student performance improvement ranked well above aver-ages by more established schools. Be-ginning in 2016, Colonel Davis will leave Louisiana to become the next na-tional executive director and CEO of the Young Marines. 
Colonel Davis is an accomplished ex-
ecutive whose commitment to young people has always been fundamental during his career. He is highly regarded for strategic thinking, sound financial management, marketing expertise, and exceptional project management skills. He is a distinguished leader who will bring military expertise and business experience to the Young Marines. 
I am pleased to join with the Senate 
in honoring the career of retired Col. William P. Davis. We thank him for his service to our country and congratu-late him as he begins the next chapter of his career. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 9:49 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 178. An act to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2250. An act making appropriations 
for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 2353. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
At 11:06 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 874. An act to amend the Department 
of Energy High-End Computing Revitaliza-tion Act of 2004 to improve the high-end computing research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1119. An act to improve the efficiency 
of Federal research and development, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1156. An act to authorize the estab-
lishment or designation of a working group under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate inter-national science and technology cooperation opportunities. 
H.R. 1158. An act to improve management 
of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public- private partnerships, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1162. An act to make technical 
changes to provisions authorizing prize com-petitions under the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.057 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3183 May 20, 2015 
H.R. 1561. An act to improve the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to ex-pand commercial opportunities for the provi-sion of weather data, and for other purposes. 
At 10:22 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 47. Concurrent resolution to 
correct the enrollment of S. 178. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 874. An act to amend the Department 
of Energy High-End Computing Revitaliza-tion Act of 2004 to improve the high-end computing research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
H. R. 1119. An act to improve the efficiency 
of Federal research and development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
H.R. 1156. An act to authorize the estab-
lishment or designation of a working group under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate inter-national science and technology cooperation opportunities; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
H.R. 1158. An act to improve management 
of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public- private partnerships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources 
H.R. 1162. An act to make technical 
changes to provisions authorizing prize com-petitions under the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
H.R. 1561. An act to improve the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to ex-pand commercial opportunities for the provi-sion of weather data, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
H.R. 2250. An act making appropriations 
for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 2353. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
*Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Fed-
eral Maritime Commissioner for the term ex-piring June 30, 2019. 
*Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a 
Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2018. 
*Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. 
Sandra L. Stosz, to be Vice Admiral. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ): 
S. 1390. A bill to help provide relief to 
State education budgets during a recovering economy, to help fulfill the Federal mandate to provide higher educational opportunities for Native American Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. 
H
EINRICH ): 
S. 1391. A bill to increase research, edu-
cation, and treatment for cerebral cavernous malformations; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1392. A bill to require certain practi-
tioners authorized to prescribe controlled substances to complete continuing edu-cation; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. L EE, and Mr. 
ROBERTS ): 
S. 1393. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Environmental Protection Agency to include in each regulatory impact analysis for a proposed or final rule an analysis that does not include any other proposed or unimplemented rule; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ): 
S. 1394. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act to establish within the Environmental Protection Agency a Colum-bia River Basin Restoration Program; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1395. A bill to reinstate certain mining 
claims in the State of Alaska; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Ms. 
S
TABENOW ): 
S. 1396. A bill to establish a demonstration 
program requiring the utilization of Value- Based Insurance Design in order to dem-onstrate that reducing the copayments or coinsurance charged to Medicare bene-ficiaries for selected high-value prescription medications and clinical services can in-crease their utilization and ultimately im-prove clinical outcomes, enhance beneficiary satisfaction, and lower health care expendi-tures; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 1397. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require that ITIN appli-cants submit their application in person at taxpayer assistance centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
C
OONS , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
and Mr. H EINRICH ): 
S. 1398. A bill to extend, improve, and con-
solidate energy research and development programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BENNET: 
S. 1399. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and increase expensing limitations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. 1400. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to direct the task force of the Office of Veterans Business Development to provide access to and manage the distribution of ex-cess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. 
B
URR): 
S. 1401. A bill to provide for the annual des-
ignation of cities in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II City’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ): 
S. 1402. A bill to allow acceleration certifi-
cates awarded under the Patents for Human-ity Program to be transferable; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 1403. A bill to amend the Magnuson-Ste-
vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to promote sustainable conservation and management for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fisheries and the commu-nities that rely on them, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. C OR-
NYN): 
S. 1404. A bill to free States to spend gas 
taxes on their transportation priorities; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 1405. A bill to require a coordinated re-
sponse to coal fuel supply emergencies that could impact electric power system ade-quacy or reliability; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1406. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to pharmacy compounding; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. 
R
ISCH, Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. 
TESTER ): 
S. 1407. A bill to promote the development 
of renewable energy on public land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , and Ms. S TABENOW ): 
S. 1408. A bill to provide for a program of 
research, development, demonstration, and 
commercial application in vehicle tech-nologies at the Department of Energy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S20MY5.REC S20MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3184 May 20, 2015 
By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. H OEVEN , 
and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. Con. Res. 17. A concurrent resolution es-
tablishing a joint select committee to ad-dress regulatory reform; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 85 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 85, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish a sim-plified income-driven repayment plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 127 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 127, a bill to prohibit Fed-eral funding for motorcycle check-points, and for other purposes. 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
149, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 356, a bill to improve the provi-sions relating to the privacy of elec-tronic communications. 
S. 389 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 389, a bill to amend section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require that annual State report cards reflect the same race groups as the decennial census of popu-lation. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attor-ney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 682, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the defini-tions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage. 
S. 711 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. COLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
711, a bill to amend section 520J of the Public Service Health Act to authorize grants for mental health first aid training programs. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Sen-
ator from Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
At the request of Mr. G
RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 746, supra. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 796, a bill to incentivize State support for postsecondary education and to promote increased access and af-fordability for higher education for students, including Dreamer students. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 802, a bill to authorize the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing coun-tries, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of dis-crimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 950 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 950, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a refundable adoption tax credit. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 974, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit 
employment of children in tobacco-re-lated agriculture by deeming such em-ployment as oppressive child labor. 
S. 1004 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1004, a bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to encourage the nation-wide observance of two minutes of si-lence each Veterans Day. 
S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure the con-tinued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1040 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1040, a bill to direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements pro-posed by the Commission for rec-reational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, and for other purposes. 
S. 1085 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1085, a bill to expand eligi-bility for the program of comprehen-sive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to partici-pants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require as-sistance in everyday life, and for other purposes. 
S. 1122 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1122, a bill to provide that chapter 1 of title 9 of the United States Code, relating to the enforcement of arbitration agreements, shall not apply to enrollment agreements made be-tween students and certain institutions of higher education, and to prohibit limitations on the ability of students to pursue claims against certain insti-tutions of higher education. 
S. 1123 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1123, a bill to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.005 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3185 May 20, 2015 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1126, a bill to modify and extend the National Guard State Partnership Program. 
S. 1130 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1130, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to improve proce-dures for legal justice for members of the Armed Forces, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1176 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1176, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form the system of public financing for Presidential elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1214, a bill to pre-vent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the eth-anol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. E NZI), the Senator from Texas 
(Mr. C RUZ) and the Senator from Wash-
ington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1300, a bill to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa feeds in certain situations. 
S. 1312 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1312, a bill to modernize Fed-eral policies regarding the supply and distribution of energy in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1334 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1334, a bill to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop ille-gal, unreported, and unregulated fish-ing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, and for other purposes. 
S. 1345 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. KIRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1345, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve access to diabetes self-management training by authorizing certified diabetes edu-cators to provide diabetes self-manage-ment training services, including as part of telehealth services, under part B of the Medicare program. 
S. 1377 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1377, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify and ex-pand Federal criminal jurisdiction over Federal contractors and employees outside the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 143 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) and the Senator 
from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 143, a resolution supporting efforts to ensure that students have access to debt-free higher education. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-spon-sored persecution of its Baha’i minor-ity and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1227 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1227 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ), the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ), the 
Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ), 
the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 1299 pro-posed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1369 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator from Ohio 
(Mr. B ROWN ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1369 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to 
adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1370 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1370 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1390 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1390 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1411 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C ARPER ), the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ), the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. K AINE), the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ), the Senator 
from Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the 
Senator from Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ), the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ), the Senator from Tennessee 
(Mr. C ORKER ), the Senator from Nevada 
(Mr. H ELLER ) and the Senator from In-
diana (Mr. C OATS ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 1411 pro-posed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1395. A bill to reinstate certain 
mining claims in the State of Alaska; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-
ural Resources. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
rise today to reintroduce legislation in a dramatically different form to rein-state two small miner’s claims, which have been taken from them because of an inequitable federal administrative process. 
Under revisions to the Federal Min-
ing Law of 1872, 30 U.S.C. 28(f) holders of unpatented mineral claims must pay a claim maintenance fee originally set at $100 per claim by a deadline, set by regulation, of September l each year. Since 2004 that fee has risen to $140 per claim. But Congress also provided a claim maintenance fee waiver for ‘‘small’’ miners, those who hold 10 or fewer claims, so that they do not have to submit the fee, but that they must file to renew their claims and submit an affidavit of annual labor, work con-ducted on the claim, each year, certi-fying that they had performed more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.009 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3186 May 20, 2015 
than $100 of work on the claim in the 
preceding year, 30 U.S.C. 28f(d)(1). The waiver provision further states: ‘‘If a small miner waiver application is de-termined to be defective for any rea-son, the claimant shall have a period of 60 days after receipt of written notifi-cation of the defect or defects by the Bureau of Land Management to: A) cure such defect or defects or (B) pay the . . . claim maintenance fee(s) due for such a period.’’ 
Since past revisions of the law, there 
have been a series of incidents where miners have argued that they sub-mitted their applications and affidavits of annual labor in a timely manner, but due to clerical error by U.S. Bu-
reau of Land Management staff, mail-ing delays or for unexplained reasons, the applications or documents were not recorded as having been received in a timely fashion. In that case BLM has terminated the claims, deeming them null and void. While mining claim holders have argued that the law pro-vides them time to cure claim defects, BLM has argued that the cure only ap-plies when applications or fees have been received in a timely manner. Thus, there is no administrative rem-edy for miners who believe that cler-ical errors by BLM or mail issues re-sulted in loss or the late recording of claim extension applications and pa-perwork. 
There have been a number of cases 
where Congress has been asked to over-ride BLM determinations and reinstate mining claims simply because of the disputes over whether the claims had been filed in a timely manner. Con-gress in 2003 reinstated such claims in a previous Alaska case. Claims in two other incidents were reinstated fol-lowing a U.S. District Court case in the 10th Circuit first in 2009 in the case of Miller v. United States and in a second Alaska case in 2013. Legislation to cor-rect the provision to prevent this prob-lem actually was approved by the Sen-ate in 2007, but did not ultimately be-come law. 
In the past three Congresses I have 
introduced legislation intended to short circuit continued litigation and pleas for claim reinstatement by clari-fying the intent of Congress that min-ers do have to be informed that their claims are in jeopardy of being voided and given 60 days of notice to cure de-fects, including giving them time to submit their applications and to sub-mit affidavits of annual labor, should their submittals not be received and processed by BLM officials on time. If all defects are not cured within 60 days—the obvious intent of Congress in passing the original act—then claims should be subject to voidance. But this administration has opposed the legisla-tion arguing that it would be too ex-pensive to notify all small miners who fail to file their small miner waiver documents on time and giving them time to solve the defect prior to the loss of their claims. It has even been suggested that giving small miners simple due process would just encour-
age miners to ignore the deadline for filing of their fee waivers. 
I clearly find the cost argument 
unpersuasive. Many Federal depart-ments and agencies, the Federal Com-munication Commission, as one exam-ple, routinely sends out notices on per-mit and license applications. The FCC sends out hundreds of thousands of 
such notices to Americans who have small radio licenses expiring yearly, warning them that they need to file ap-plications for license renewal. The Bu-reau of Land Management certainly should be able to afford a few hundred stamps to perform a similar service. Given the value of claims placed at risk and the bother, inconvenience and fear of loss of claims, it is highly un-likely that miners would avoid filing their waiver paperwork on time just because a notification process was clearly in place before claims could be terminated. 
But after facing the clear opposition 
of this administration over 6 years to resolving this inequity, today I simply file legislation to remedy the injustices for two of my constituents who have lost their rights, in one case to nine mineral claims on the Kenai Peninsula, near Hope, Alaska, and in the second case to a single placer claim in the Fortymile District of northeast Alas-ka. The transition language proposed will reinstate claims for Mr. John Trautner, who has lost title to claims that he had held from 1982 to 2004. Mr. Trautner suffered this loss even though he had a consistent record of having paid the annual labor assessment fee for the previous 22 years. The local BLM office did have a time-date- stamped record that the maintenance fee waiver certification form had been filed weeks before the deadline, but just not a record that the affidavit of annual labor had arrived when he dropped it at the office in Anchorage at the same time. 
In the second case, it will reinstate a 
claim held by Mr. and Mrs. Vernon Thurneau, now of Wasilla, who lost their claim after mining it continu-ously for 38 years in 2009, simply be-cause of a holiday season error. In this case the Thurneau’s paid their fees on time, and turned in their proof of labor affidavit to the Fairbanks Recorders Office in December before the deadline. They received a time and date stamp that they produced the information in a timely manner. But because of the Christmas holidays they simply forgot to turn/mail in the form to the BLM Anchorage office until after Jan. 1, missing the BLM’s required Dec. 31 deadline. Because of a holiday delay, they lost their claims and 38 years of work. 
This legislation, supported in the 
past by the Alaska Miners Association, will simply reinstate the two sets of claims, claims that have been held by the government over the past decade. In response to complaints by the De-partment of the Interior that past versions of my legislation improperly 
would have resulted in the patenting of the claims by the granting of a first half final certificate in the Trautner case, I have modified this bill simply to reinstate the claims, but not to take steps to confirm patents. By this bill Mr. Trautner will have to wait like many other miners for Congress to re-consider the merits of the moratorium on patent issuance first imposed on the Mining Law of 1872 by Congress in 1995. 
It is simple justice that Mr. Trautner 
and the Thurneau family receive their claims back, since Congress clearly thought it was giving miners a guaran-teed opportunity to remedy claim de-fects when it created the small miner waiver provisions in 1993. Return of the claims will cost the government noth-ing and likely will result in added fed-eral revenues, hopefully preventing this bill from facing any procedural issues. I hope that justice will finally prevail in these cases this Congress, even though I regret that I see no means to fix the larger inequity in the interpretation of the small miner waiv-er statute for the foreseeable future. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 1397. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to require that ITIN applicants submit their applica-tion in person at taxpayer assistance centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1397 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ITIN Reform 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENTS FOR THE ISSUANCE OF 
ITINS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6109 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO THE  
ISSUANCE OF ITIN S.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may issue 
an individual taxpayer identification number to an individual only if the requirements of paragraphs (2) and (3) are met. 
‘‘(2) I
N-PERSON APPLICATION .—The require-
ments of this paragraph are met if, with re-spect to an application for an individual tax-payer identification number— 
‘‘(A) the applicant submits an application 
in person, using Form W–7 (or any successor thereof) and including the required docu-mentation, at a taxpayer assistance center of the Internal Revenue Service, or 
‘‘(B) in the case of an applicant who resides 
outside of the United States, the applicant submits the application in person to an em-ployee of the Internal Revenue Service or a designee of the Secretary at a United States diplomatic mission or consular post, to-gether with the required documentation. 
‘‘(3) I
NITIAL ON -SITE VERIFICATION OF DOCU -
MENTATION .—The requirements of this para-
graph are met if, with respect to each appli-cation, an employee of the Internal Revenue Service at the taxpayer assistance center, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.016 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3187 May 20, 2015 
the employee or designee described in para-
graph (2)(B), as the case may be, conducts an initial verification of the documentation supporting the application submitted under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIRED DOCUMENTATION .—For pur-
poses of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) required documentation includes such 
documentation as the Secretary may require that proves the individual’s identity and for-eign status, and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary may only accept origi-
nal documents. 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) M ILITARY SPOUSES .—Paragraph (1) 
shall not apply to the spouse, or the depend-ents, without a social security number of a taxpayer who is a member of the Armed Forces of the United States. 
‘‘(B) T
REATY BENEFITS .—Paragraph (1) 
shall not apply to a nonresident alien apply-ing for an individual taxpayer identification number for the purpose of claiming tax trea-ty benefits. 
‘‘(6) T
ERM.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An individual taxpayer 
identification number issued after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall be valid only for the 5-year period which in-cludes the taxable year of the individual for which such number is issued and the 4 suc-ceeding taxable years. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL OF ITIN .—Such number shall 
be valid for an additional 5-year period only if it is renewed through an application which satisfies the requirements under paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR EXISTING ITINS .—In 
the case of an individual with an individual taxpayer identification number issued on or before the date of the enactment of this sub-section, such number shall not be valid after the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) the end of the 3-year period beginning 
on the date of the enactment of this sub-section, or 
‘‘(ii) the first taxable year beginning 
after— 
‘‘(I) the date of the enactment of this sub-
section, and 
‘‘(II) any taxable year for which the indi-
vidual (or, if a dependent, on which the indi-vidual is included) did not make a return.’’. 
(b) I
NTEREST .—Section 6611 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesig-nating subsection (h) as subsection (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULE RELATING TO ITIN S.— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no interest shall be allowed or paid to or on behalf of an individual with respect to any overpayment until 45 days after an in-dividual taxpayer identification number is issued to the individual.’’. 
(c) A
UDIT BY TIGTA.—Not later than two 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Treas-ury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion shall conduct an audit of the program of the Internal Revenue Service for the issuance of individual taxpayer identifica-tion numbers pursuant to section 6109(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The re-port required by this subsection shall be sub-mitted to the Congress. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) S UBSECTION (a).—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to requests for individual taxpayer identification numbers made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) S
UBSECTION (b).—The amendment made 
by subsection (b) shall apply to returns due, claims filed, and refunds paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. DURBIN: S. 1400. A bill to amend the Small 
Business Act to direct the task force of the Office of Veterans Business Devel-opment to provide access to and man-age the distribution of excess or sur-plus property to veteran-owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1400 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans 
Small Business Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ACCESS TO EXCESS OR SURPLUS PROP-
ERTY FOR VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES. 
Section 32(c)(3)(B) of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 657b(c)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; 
(2) in clause (vi), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(vii) providing access to and managing 
the distribution of excess or surplus property owned by the United States to small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by vet-erans, pursuant to a memorandum of under-standing between the task force and the head of the applicable state agency (as defined in section 549 of title 40, United States Code).’’. 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself and 
Mr. B URR): 
S. 1401. A bill to provide for the an-
nual designation of cities in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II City’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to introduce legislation to di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to designate one city each year as a World War II city, beginning with Wil-mington, NC, as America’s first World War II City. 
The names of the 10,000 Tarheels, who 
paid the ultimate price in World War II are memorialized on the bulkhead of the battleship USS North Carolina in downtown Wilmington. 
During World War II, the USS North 
Carolina, known affectionately throughout the Navy as the ‘‘Show-boat’’, ‘‘participated in every major naval offensive in the Pacific area of operations and earned 15 battle stars. She steamed over 300,000 miles. Al-though Japanese radio claimed six times that North Carolina had been sunk, she survived. 
After serving as a training vessel for 
midshipmen, North Carolina was de-commissioned June 27, 1947 and placed in the Inactive Reserve Fleet in Ba-yonne, New Jersey, for the next 14 years. In 1958 the announcement of her impending scrapping led to a statewide campaign by citizens of North Carolina to save the ship and bring her back to her home state. The Save Our Ship, SOS, campaign was successful and the 
battleship arrived in her current berth on October 2, 1961. She was dedicated on April 29, 1962, as the State’s memo-rial to its World War II veterans 
At home, North Carolina’s coast was 
a war zone. On April 13–14, 1942, the first U-boat, German U–85, was sunk off the North Carolina Coast. Mr. Presi-dent, 397 ships were sunk or damaged and nearly 5,000 people were killed within sight of our shores. For 6 months at the beginning of America’s war, 65 German U-boats hunted Allied merchant vessels practically unop-posed. The greatest concentration of these attacks came off North Carolina. 
During World War II, Wilmington 
was the home of the North Carolina Shipbuilding Company. The shipyard was created as part of the U.S. Govern-ment’s Emergency Shipbuilding Pro-gram. Workers built 243 ships in Wil-mington during the five years the com-pany operated. 
The city was the site of three pris-
oner-of-war, POW, camps from Feb-ruary 1944 through April 1946. At their peak, the camps held 550 German pris-oners. The first camp was located on the corner of Shipyard Boulevard and Carolina Beach Road; the old Confed-erate post Fort Fisher housed German prisoners and also served as a training site for the Coastal Artillery and anti- aircraft units. A smaller contingent of prisoners was assigned to a smaller site, working in the officers’ mess and doing grounds keeping at Bluethenthal Army Air Field, which is now Wil-mington International Airport. Bluethenthal Army Air Field was used by the United States Army Air Forces’ Third Air Force for antisubmarine pa-trols and training. 
I want to thank my colleague Sen-
ator B
URRfor bringing this idea to es-
tablish a process to recognize Wil-mington and other American cities for their efforts during the war years, to the Senate. But I also wish to single out Wilbur Jones, a Wilmington native and military historian who has poured so much of his time and soul into en-suring that the people of southeastern North Carolina never forget the con-tributions of our state to victory in the Atlantic and the Pacific. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 1402. A bill to allow acceleration 
certificates awarded under the Patents for Humanity Program to be transfer-able; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the 
American intellectual property system is rightly held as the global standard for promoting innovation and driving economic growth. This is particularly true of our patent system. The funda-mental truth that our Founders recog-nized more than 200 years ago, that limited exclusive rights for inventors incentivize research and development, continues to benefit consumers and the American economy at large. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.014 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3188 May 20, 2015 
A healthy patent system should do 
more than drive economic develop-ment; it should incentivize research and discoveries that advance humani-tarian needs. I have worked to promote policies that encourage intellectual property holders to apply their work to address global humanitarian chal-lenges. Today, I continue that effort by joining with Senator G
RASSLEY to in-
troduce the bipartisan Patents for Hu-manity Program Improvement Act. 
This bipartisan legislation strength-
ens a program created by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, PTO, in 2012. The PTO’s Patents for Humanity Program provides rewards to selected patent holders who use their invention to address a humanitarian issue that significantly affects the pub-lic health or quality of life of an im-poverished population. Those who re-ceive the award are given a certificate to accelerate certain PTO processes, as described in the program rules. 
The innovations that have been rec-
ognized by this program help under-served people throughout the world. Award winners have worked to improve the treatment and diagnosis of dev-astating diseases, improve nutrition and the environment, and combat the spread of dangerous counterfeit drugs. These are innovations that will make a real difference in the lives of people who are not always the beneficiaries of cutting-edge technology. 
Following a Judiciary Committee 
hearing in 2012, I asked then-PTO Di-rector Kappos whether the Patents for Humanity program would be more ef-fective, and more attractive to innovators, if the acceleration certifi-cates awarded were transferable to a third party. He responded that it would, and that it would be particu-larly beneficial to small businesses that win the award. Since that time, other small start-ups and global health groups have emphasized that making the certificates transferable would im-prove their usability and increase the incentives of the Patents for Humanity Award. The Patents for Humanity Pro-gram Improvement Act makes this en-hancement to the program. It is a straightforward, cost-neutral bill that will strengthen this award and encour-age innovations to be used for humani-tarian goods. 
When Congress can establish policies 
that provide business incentives for hu-manitarian endeavors, it should not hesitate to act. I urge the Senate to work swiftly to pass this legislation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 17—ESTABLISHING A JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE TO AD-DRESS REGULATORY REFORM 
Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. I NHOFE , Mrs. 
CAPITO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. H OEVEN , and 
Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. C ON. RES. 17 
Whereas there are more than 3,500 rules 
issued every year by more than 50 Federal agencies; 
Whereas a rule is defined in section 551 of 
title 5, United States Code, as ‘‘the whole or part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability and future effect de-signed to implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy’’; 
Whereas subchapter II of chapter 5, and 
chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’) established standards for the issuance of rules using formal rule-making and informal rulemaking proce-dures; 
Whereas informal rulemaking, also known 
as ‘‘notice and comment’’ rulemaking or ‘‘section 553’’ rulemaking, is the most com-mon type of rulemaking; 
Whereas in rulemaking proceedings, for-
mal hearings must be held and interested parties must be given the chance to com-ment on the proposed rule or regulation, and once adopted, the rule or regulation is re-quired to be published in the Federal Reg-ister; 
Whereas, according to a 2005 study com-
missioned by the Small Business Adminis-tration, the cost of all rules in effect was ap-proximately $1,100,000,000,000 per year, more than the people of the United States paid in Federal income taxes in 2009; 
Whereas, according to the 2014 Ten Thou-
sand Commandments report by the Competi-tive Enterprise Institute, the top 6 Federal rulemaking agencies (which, in 2013, were the Departments of the Treasury, Commerce, Interior, Health and Human Services, and Transportation and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency) account for 49.3 percent of all Federal rules; 
Whereas, according to the 2014 Ten Thou-
sand Commandments report by the Competi-tive Enterprise Institute, small businesses pay more in per-employee regulatory costs, and firms with fewer than 20 employees pay an average of $10,585 per employee, compared to $7,755 for those with 500 or more employ-ees; 
Whereas, according to the 2014 Ten Thou-
sand Commandments report by the Competi-tive Enterprise Institute, regulatory costs amount to an average of $14,974 per house-hold, which is 23 percent of the average household income of $65,596 and 29 percent of the expenditure budget of $51,442; 
Whereas, according to a 2011 study by the 
Weidenbaum Center at Washington Univer-sity, it is estimated that the budgetary cost of administering and enforcing Federal regu-lations by Federal agencies for fiscal year 2012 amounted to more than $57 billion (in 2005 dollars), which represents a 10.5 percent increase in 2 years; 
Whereas chapter 8 of title 5, United States 
Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Congres-sional Review Act’’) established a mecha-nism through which Congress could overturn Federal regulations by enacting a joint reso-lution of disapproval; 
Whereas the Congressional Review Act re-
quires that rules that have a $100,000,000 ef-fect or more on the economy are submitted by agencies to both Houses of Congress and the Government Accountability Office and have a delayed effective date of not less than 60 days to pass a resolution of disapproval re-jecting the rule, which must be approved by the President; and 
Whereas, since the enactment of the Con-
gressional Review Act in 1996, the procedures under the Act have been used 1 time to over-
turn a rule: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Regu-
lation Sensibility Through Oversight Res-toration Resolution of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RE-STORE Resolution of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE ON REGU-
LATORY REFORM. 
There is established a joint select com-
mittee to be known as the Joint Select Com-mittee on Regulatory Reform (hereinafter in this concurrent resolution referred to as the ‘‘Joint Select Committee’’). 
SEC. 3. DUTIES OF JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘rule’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Joint Select Committee 
shall— 
(1) conduct a systematic review of the 
process by which rules are promulgated by agencies; 
(2) hold hearings on the effects of and how 
to reduce regulatory overreach in all sectors of the economy; 
(3) conduct a review of the Code of Federal 
Regulations to identify rules and sets of rules that should be repealed; and 
(4) submit to the Senate and the House of 
Representatives— 
(A) recommendations for legislation— (i) to create a process under which an agen-
cy, before promulgating a rule, shall— 
(I) seek advice from Congress; (II) publish the proposed rule; (III) hold a public comment period on the 
proposed rule; 
(IV) seek advice from Congress based on 
the public comments; and 
(V) hold issuance of the rule until Congress 
can review the rule for a period of not more than 1 year; and 
(ii) to create a process to appropriately 
sunset as many rules as possible; 
(B) recommendations for ways to reduce 
the financial burden placed on the various sectors of the economy in order to comply with rules; 
(C) an analysis of the feasibility of the cre-
ation of a permanent Joint Committee on Rules Review in accordance with subsection (c); 
(D) an analysis of the feasibility of requir-
ing each agency to submit each proposed rule of the agency to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress for review in a similar manner as set forth for a permanent Joint Committee on Rules Review under sub-section (c); and 
(E) a list of rules and sets of rules that the 
Joint Select Committee recommends should be repealed. 
(c) A
NALYSIS OF PERMANENT JOINT COM-
MITTEE ON RULES REVIEW .—The Joint Select 
Committee shall analyze the feasibility of the creation of a permanent Joint Com-mittee on Rules Review. The Joint Com-mittee on Rules Review would— 
(1) review each proposed rule that an agen-
cy determines is likely to have an annual ef-fect on the economy of $50,000,000 or more be-fore the agency promulgates the final rule; 
(2) require each agency to submit to the 
Committee— 
(A) the text of each proposed rule of the 
agency described in paragraph (1); and 
(B) an analysis of the economic impact of 
the rule on the economy; 
(3) require each agency to revise a proposed 
rule submitted under paragraph (2) if the Committee determines that the proposed rule— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.068 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3189 May 20, 2015 
(A) needs to be significantly rewritten to 
accomplish the intent of the agency or ad-dress the recommendations or objections of the Committee; 
(B) is not a valid exercise of delegated au-
thority from Congress; 
(C) is not in proper form; (D) is inconsistent with the intent of Con-
gress with respect to the provision of law that the proposed rule implements; or 
(E) is not a reasonable implementation of 
the law; 
(4) delay the effective date of a proposed 
rule for a period of not more than 1 year be-ginning on the date on which the agency sub-mits the proposed rule under paragraph (2); 
(5) allow an agency to promulgate a final 
rule without any delay in the effective date of the rule if the agency designates the rule as an emergency rule, unless the Committee by majority vote determines that the rule is not an emergency rule; and 
(6) if applicable, recommend that Congress 
should overturn a final rule promulgated by an agency by enacting a joint resolution of disapproval. 
SEC. 4. COMPOSITION OF JOINT SELECT COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) M EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Joint Select Com-
mittee shall be composed of 30 members, of whom— 
(A) 15 shall be appointed by the majority 
and the minority leaders of the Senate from among Members of the Senate in a manner that reflects the ratio of the number of Mem-bers of the Senate from the majority party to the number of Members of the Senate from the minority party on the date of en-actment of this Act; and 
(B) 15 shall be appointed by the Speaker 
and the minority leader of the House of Rep-resentatives among Members of the House of Representatives in a manner that reflects the ratio of the number of members of the House of Representatives from the majority party to the number of Members of the House of Representatives from the minority party on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) D
ATE.—The appointments of the mem-
bers of the Joint Select Committee shall be made not later than 30 days after the date of adoption of this concurrent resolution. 
(b) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Joint 
Select Committee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. 
(c) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICECHAIRPERSON .— 
(1) C HAIRPERSON .—The members of the 
Joint Select Committee shall elect a Chair-person for the Joint Select Committee by majority vote from each of— 
(A) the members of the majority party of 
the Senate; and 
(B) the members of the majority party of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) V
ICE CHAIRPERSON .—The members of the 
Joint Select Committee shall elect a Vice Chairperson for the Joint Select Committee by majority vote from each of— 
(A) the members of the minority party of 
the Senate; and 
(B) the members of the minority party of 
the House of Representatives. 
(d) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of 
the Joint Select Committee each from the Senate and the House of Representatives shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of conducting the business of the Joint Select Committee. 
SEC. 5. RULES AND PROCEDURES. 
(a) G OVERNANCE UNDER STANDING RULES OF  
THE SENATE .—Except as otherwise specifi-
cally provided in this resolution, the inves-tigations and hearings conducted by the Joint Select Committee shall be governed by the Standing Rules of the Senate. (b) A
DDITIONAL RULES AND PROCEDURES .— 
The Joint Select Committee may adopt such additional rules or procedures if the Chair-person and Vice Chairperson agree, or if the Joint Select Committee by majority vote so decides, that such additional rules or proce-dures are necessary or advisable to conduct the duties of the Joint Select Committee. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORITY OF JOINT SELECT COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Joint Select Com-
mittee may exercise all of the powers and re-sponsibilities of a committee under rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
(b) P
OWERS .—The Joint Select Committee 
may, for the purpose of carrying out this res-olution— 
(1) hold such hearings, sit and act at such 
times and places, take such testimony, re-ceive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the Joint Select Committee con-siders advisable; and 
(2) authorize and require, by issuance of 
subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the preservation and production of books, records, cor-respondence, memoranda, papers, docu-ments, tapes, and any other materials in whatever form the Joint Select Committee considers advisable. 
(c) S
UBPOENAS .—Subpoenas authorized by 
the Joint Select Committee— 
(1) may be issued with the joint concur-
rence of the Chairperson and Vice Chair-person; 
(2) shall bear the signature of the Chair-
person and Vice Chairperson, or the designee of the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson; and 
(3) shall be served by any person or class of 
persons designated by the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson for that purpose anywhere within or without the borders of the United States to the full extent provided by law. 
(d) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Joint Se-
lect Committee shall have, to the fullest ex-tent permitted by law, access to any such in-formation or materials obtained by any other department or agency of the Federal Government or by any other governmental department, agency, or body investigating the matters described in section 3(b). 
(e) C
OOPERATION OF OTHER COMMITTEES .—In 
carrying out the duties of the Joint Select Committee, the Joint Select Committee may obtain the input and cooperation of any other standing committee of the Senate or the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 7. REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Joint Select Committee terminates, the Joint Select Committee shall submit to the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, which shall contain— 
(1) the results and findings of the reviews 
and hearings carried out by the Joint Select Committee pursuant to this resolution; and 
(2) any information required to be sub-
mitted under section 3(b)(4). 
(b) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—The Joint Select 
Committee may submit to the Senate and the House of Representatives such interim reports as the Joint Select Committee con-siders appropriate. 
SEC. 8. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
(a) S TAFF .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Joint Select Com-
mittee may employ in accordance with para-graph (2) a staff composed of such clerical, investigatory, legal, technical, and other personnel as the Joint Select Committee considers necessary or appropriate. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT OF STAFF .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Joint Select Com-
mittee shall appoint a staff for the majority, a staff for the minority, and a nondesignated staff. (B) M
AJORITY STAFF .—The majority staff 
shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the Chairperson and shall work under the general supervision and direction of the Chairperson. 
(C) M
INORITY STAFF .—The minority staff 
shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the Vice Chairperson and shall work under the general supervision and direction of the Vice Chairperson. 
(D) N
ONDESIGNATED STAFF .—Nondesignated 
staff shall be appointed, and may be re-moved, jointly by the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson, and shall work under the joint general supervision and direction of the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson. 
(b) C
OMPENSATION .— 
(1) M AJORITY STAFF .—The Chairperson 
shall fix the compensation of all personnel of the majority staff of the Joint Select Com-mittee. 
(2) M
INORITY STAFF .—The Vice Chairperson 
shall fix the compensation of all personnel of the minority staff of the Joint Select Com-mittee. 
(3) N
ONDESIGNATED STAFF .—The Chair-
person and Vice Chairperson shall jointly fix the compensation of all nondesignated staff of the Joint Select Committee. 
(4) P
AY AND BENEFITS .—All employees of 
the Joint Select Committee shall be treated as employees of the Senate for purposes of disbursing pay and processing benefits. 
(c) F
ACILITIES .—The Joint Select Com-
mittee may use, with the prior consent of the chair of any other committee of the Sen-ate or the House of Representatives or the chair of any subcommittee of any committee of the Senate or the House of Representa-tives, the facilities of any other committee of the Senate or the House of Representa-tives, whenever the Joint Select Committee or the Chairperson and Vice Chairperson consider that such action is necessary or ap-propriate to enable the Joint Select Com-mittee to carry out the responsibilities, du-ties, or functions of the Joint Select Com-mittee under this resolution. 
(d) D
ETAIL OF EMPLOYEES .—The Joint Se-
lect Committee may use on a reimbursable basis, with the prior consent of the head of the department or agency of the Federal Government concerned and the approval of the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, the services of personnel of the department or agency. 
(e) T
EMPORARY AND INTERMITTENT SERV-
ICES.—The Joint Select Committee may pro-
cure the temporary or intermittent services of individual consultants or organizations. 
(f) E
THICS .—The Joint Select Committee 
shall establish ethical rules for the members and employees of the Joint Select Com-mittee, which shall, to the extent prac-ticable, be comparable to the ethical rules that apply to employees of the Senate. 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For the expenses of the Joint Select Com-mittee, there are authorized to be appro-priated $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, to re-main available until expended. 
SEC. 9. EFFECTIVE DATE; TERMINATION. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This resolution shall 
take effect on the date of adoption of this concurrent resolution. 
(b) T
ERMINATION .—The Joint Select Com-
mittee shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the appointment of the members of the Joint Select Committee. 
(c) D
ISPOSITION OF RECORDS .—Upon termi-
nation of the Joint Select Committee, the records of the Joint Select Committee shall become the records of any committee or committees designated by the majority lead-er of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, with the concur-rence of the minority leader of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.017 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3190 May 20, 2015 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1412. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1413. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and 
Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1414. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1415. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1416. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1417. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1418. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1419. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1420. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1421. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself 
and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1422. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1423. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1248 submitted by Ms. C
ANT-
WELL and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1424. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1425. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1426. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1427. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1428. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1429. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1430. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1431. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1432. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and 
Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1433. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1312 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  
(for himself and Mr. C OONS ) to the amend-
ment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1434. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1251 submitted by Mr. B
ROWN (for him-
self, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. C ASEY ) to the 
amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1435. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1327 submitted by Ms. W
ARREN (for her-
self, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. H EINRICH ) to 
the amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1412. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 45, strike line 10 and all 
that follows through page 49, line 20, and in-sert the following: 
(c) E
XTENSION APPROVAL PROCESS FOR CON-
GRESSIONAL TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 106(b)— 
(A) the trade authorities procedures apply 
to implementing bills submitted with re-spect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) before July 1, 2018; and 
(B) the trade authorities procedures shall 
be extended to implementing bills submitted with respect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) after June 30, 2018, and before July 1, 2021, if (and only if)— 
(i) the President requests such extension 
under paragraph (2); and 
(ii) an extension approval resolution is en-
acted under paragraph (5) before July 1, 2018. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESI -
DENT .—If the President is of the opinion that the trade authorities procedures should be 
extended to implementing bills described in paragraph (1)(B), the President shall submit to Congress, not later than April 1, 2018, a written report that contains a request for such extension, together with— 
(A) a description of all trade agreements 
that have been negotiated under subsection (b) and the anticipated schedule for submit-ting such agreements to Congress for ap-proval; 
(B) a description of the progress that has 
been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title, and a statement that such progress justifies the continuation of nego-tiations; and 
(C) a statement of the reasons why the ex-
tension is needed to complete the negotia-tions. 
(3) O
THER REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(A) R EPORT BY THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
The President shall promptly inform the Ad-visory Committee for Trade Policy and Ne-gotiations established under section 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under paragraph (2). The Advi-sory Committee shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains— 
(i) its views regarding the progress that 
has been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(ii) a statement of its views, and the rea-
sons therefor, regarding whether the exten-sion requested under paragraph (2) should be approved or disapproved. 
(B) R
EPORT BY INTERNATIONAL TRADE COM -
MISSION .—The President shall promptly in-
form the United States International Trade Commission of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under para-graph (2). The International Trade Commis-sion shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains a review and analysis of the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements imple-mented between the date of the enactment of this Act and the date on which the President decides to seek an extension requested under paragraph (2). 
(4) S
TATUS OF REPORTS .—The reports sub-
mitted to Congress under paragraphs (2) and (3), or any portion of such reports, may be classified to the extent the President deter-mines appropriate. 
(5) E
XTENSION APPROVAL RESOLUTION .—(A) 
For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘‘ex-tension approval resolution’’ means a joint resolution the sole matter after the resolv-ing clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Con-gress approves the request of the President for the extension, under section 103(c)(1)(B)(i) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, of the trade authorities procedures under that Act to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to any trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) of that Act after June 30, 2018.’’. 
(B) Extension approval resolutions— (i) may be introduced in either House of 
Congress by any member of such House; and 
(ii) shall be referred, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules. 
(C) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consider-ation of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to extension approval resolu-tions. 
(D) It is not in order for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.018 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3191 May 20, 2015 
(i) the House of Representatives to con-
sider any extension approval resolution not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules; 
(ii) the Senate to consider any extension 
approval resolution not reported by the Com-mittee on Finance; or 
(iii) either House of Congress to consider 
an extension approval resolution after June 30, 2018. 
SA 1413. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself 
and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 78, line 22, strike ‘‘as a whole’’ and 
insert ‘‘as a whole, on the economy of each State,’’. 
SA 1414. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 44, strike line 10 and all 
that follows through page 45, line 9, and in-sert the following: 
(3) I
MPLEMENTING BILLS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress under section 106(a)(1), with respect to each trade agree-ment entered into under this subsection, the following: 
(i) A bill providing for the approval of the 
trade agreement. 
(ii) A bill providing for the approval of the 
statement of administrative action, if any, proposed to implement the trade agreement. 
(iii) If changes in existing laws or new stat-
utory authority are required to implement the trade agreement, a bill containing such provisions as are strictly necessary or appro-priate to implement the trade agreement, ei-ther repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION ON CONSOLIDATING BILLS .— 
The President may not consolidate the bills described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of sub-paragraph (A). 
(C) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The provisions of section 151 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (in this title referred to as ‘‘trade authorities procedures’’) apply to a bill described in subparagraph (A). Such a bill shall hereafter in this title be referred to as an ‘‘implementing bill’’. 
SA 1415. Ms. CANTWELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY OF EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2015’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2015’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2015’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SA 1416. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 109, add the fol-
lowing: 
(c) O UTREACH AND INPUT FROMSMALL BUSI-
NESSES TO TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY .— 
Section 609 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f)(1) Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the President submits the notifica-tion required under section 5(a) of the Bipar-tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Adminis-tration (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Chief Counsel’) shall convene an Inter-agency Working Group (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘Working Group’), which shall consist of an employee from each of the following agencies, as selected by the head of the agency or an official delegated by the head of the agency: 
‘‘(A) The Office of the United States Trade 
Representative. 
‘‘(B) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(C) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(D) Any other agency that the Chief 
Counsel, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines to be relevant with respect to the subject of the trade agreement being negotiated pursuant to section 3(b) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (in this subsection referred to as the ‘covered trade agreement’). 
‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after the date 
on which the Chief Counsel convenes the Working Group under paragraph (1), the Chief Counsel shall identify a diverse group of small entities, representatives of small entities, or a combination thereof, to provide to the Working Group the views of small businesses in the manufacturing, services, and agriculture industries on the potential economic effects of the covered trade agree-ment. 
‘‘(3)(A) Not later than 180 days after the 
date on which the Chief Counsel convenes the Working Group under paragraph (1), the Chief Counsel shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives a report on the economic impacts of the covered trade agreement on 
small entities, which shall— 
‘‘(i) identify the most important priorities, 
opportunities, and challenges to various in-dustries from the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(ii) assess the impact for new small enti-
ties to start exporting, or increase their ex-ports, to markets in the covered trade agree-ment; 
‘‘(iii) analyze the competitive position of 
industries likely to be significantly affected by the covered trade agreement; 
‘‘(iv) identify— ‘‘(I) any State-owned enterprises in each 
country pertaining to the covered trade agreement that could be pose a threat to small entities; and 
‘‘(II) any steps to take to create a level- 
playing field for those small entities; 
‘‘(v) identify any rule of an agency that 
should be modified to become compliant with the covered trade agreement; and 
‘‘(vi) include an overview of the method-
ology used to develop the report, including the number of small entity participants by industry, how those small entities were se-lected, and any other factors that the Chief Counsel may determine appropriate. 
‘‘(B) To ensure that negotiations for the 
covered trade agreement are not disrupted, the President may require that the Chief Counsel delay submission of the report under subparagraph (A) until after the negotiations of the covered trade agreement are con-cluded, provided that the delay allows the Chief Counsel to submit the report to Con-gress not later than 45 days before the Sen-ate or the House of Representatives acts to approve or disapprove the covered trade agreement. 
‘‘(C) The Chief Counsel shall, to the extent 
practicable, coordinate the submission of the report under this paragraph with the United States International Trade Commission, the United States Trade Representative, other agencies, and trade advisory committees to avoid unnecessary duplication of reporting requirements.’’. 
(d) S
TATE TRADE EXPANSION PROGRAM .— 
Section 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 652) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (m); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(l) S
TATE TRADE EXPANSION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible small business con-
cern’ means a business concern that— 
‘‘(i) is organized or incorporated in the 
United States; 
‘‘(ii) is operating in the United States; ‘‘(iii) meets— ‘‘(I) the applicable industry-based small 
business size standard established under sec-tion 3; or 
‘‘(II) the alternate size standard applicable 
to the program under section 7(a) of this Act and the loan programs under title V of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 695 et seq.); 
‘‘(iv) has been in business for not less than 
1 year, as of the date on which assistance using a grant under this subsection com-mences; and 
‘‘(v) has access to sufficient resources to 
bear the costs associated with trade, includ-ing the costs of packing, shipping, freight forwarding, and customs brokers; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘program’ means the State 
Trade Expansion Program established under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(C) the term ‘rural small business con-
cern’ means an eligible small business con-cern located in a rural area, as that term is defined in section 1393(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.019 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3192 May 20, 2015 
‘‘(D) the term ‘socially and economically 
disadvantaged small business concern’ has the meaning given that term in section 8(a)(4)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)(A)); and 
‘‘(E) the term ‘State’ means each of the 
several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa. 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The As-
sociate Administrator shall establish a trade expansion program, to be known as the ‘State Trade Expansion Program’, to make grants to States to carry out programs that assist eligible small business concerns in— 
‘‘(A) a market expansion sales trip; ‘‘(B) a subscription to services provided by 
the Department of Commerce; 
‘‘(C) the payment of website fees; 
‘‘(D) the design of marketing media; ‘‘(E) a trade show exhibition; ‘‘(F) participation in training workshops; ‘‘(G) a reverse trade mission; ‘‘(H) procurement of consultancy services 
(after consultation with the Department of Commerce to avoid duplication); or 
‘‘(I) any other initiative determined appro-
priate by the Associate Administrator. 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) J OINT REVIEW .—In carrying out the 
program, the Associate Administrator may make a grant to a State to increase the num-ber of eligible small business concerns in the State exploring significant new trade oppor-tunities. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making grants 
under this subsection, the Associate Admin-istrator may give priority to an application by a State that proposes a program that— 
‘‘(i) focuses on eligible small business con-
cerns as part of a trade expansion program; 
‘‘(ii) demonstrates intent to promote trade 
expansion by— 
‘‘(I) socially and economically disadvan-
taged small business concerns; 
‘‘(II) small business concerns owned or con-
trolled by women; and 
‘‘(III) rural small business concerns; and ‘‘(iii) includes— ‘‘(I) activities which have resulted in the 
highest return on investment based on the most recent year; and 
‘‘(II) the adoption of shared best practices 
included in the annual report of the Admin-istration. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) S INGLE APPLICATION .—A State may not 
submit more than 1 application for a grant under the program in any 1 fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROPORTION OF AMOUNTS .—The total 
value of grants made under the program dur-ing a fiscal year to the 10 States with the highest percentage of eligible small business concerns, based upon the most recent data available from the Department of Commerce, shall be not more than 40 percent of the amounts appropriated for the program for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) D
URATION .—The Associate Adminis-
trator shall award a grant under this pro-gram for a period of not more than 2 years. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A State desiring a grant 
under the program shall submit an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and ac-companied by such information as the Asso-ciate Administrator may establish. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSULTATION TO REDUCE DUPLICA -
TION.—A State desiring a grant under the 
program shall— 
‘‘(I) before submitting an application under 
clause (i), consult with applicable trade agencies of the Federal Government on the scope and mission of the activities the State proposes to carry out using the grant, to en-sure proper coordination and reduce duplica-
tion in services; and 
‘‘(II) document the consultation conducted 
under subclause (I) in the application sub-mitted under clause (i). 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE BASIS .—The Associate 
Administrator shall award grants under the program on a competitive basis. 
‘‘(5) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of an trade expansion program car-ried out using a grant under the program shall be— 
‘‘(A) for a State that has a high trade vol-
ume, as determined by the Associate Admin-istrator, not more than 65 percent; and 
‘‘(B) for a State that does not have a high 
trade volume, as determined by the Asso-ciate Administrator, not more than 75 per-cent. 
‘‘(6) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal 
share of the cost of a trade expansion pro-gram carried out using a grant under the program shall be comprised of not less than 50 percent cash and not more than 50 percent of indirect costs and in-kind contributions, except that no such costs or contributions may be derived from funds from any other Federal program. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Associate Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) a description of the structure of and 
procedures for the program; 
‘‘(ii) a management plan for the program; 
and 
‘‘(iii) a description of the merit-based re-
view process to be used in the program. 
‘‘(B) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Associate Adminis-
trator shall publish on the website of the Ad-ministration an annual report regarding the program, which shall include— 
‘‘(I) the number and amount of grants 
made under the program during the pre-ceding year; 
‘‘(II) a list of the States receiving a grant 
under the program during the preceding year, including the activities being per-formed with each grant; 
‘‘(III) the effect of each grant on the eligi-
ble small business concerns in the State re-ceiving the grant; 
‘‘(IV) the total return on investment for 
each State; and 
‘‘(V) a description of best practices by 
States that showed high returns on invest-ment and significant progress in helping more eligible small business concerns. 
‘‘(ii) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—On the date on 
which the Associate Administrator publishes a report under clause (i), the Associate Ad-ministrator shall notify the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Busi-ness of the House of Representatives that the report has been published. 
‘‘(8) R
EVIEWS BY INSPECTOR GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General 
of the Administration shall conduct a review of— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which recipients of 
grants under the program are measuring the performance of the activities being con-ducted and the results of the measurements; and 
‘‘(ii) the overall management and effective-
ness of the program. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Inspector General of the Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of 
the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report regarding the use of amounts made available under the State Trade and Export Promotion Grant Program under section 1207 of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 649b note). 
‘‘(ii) N
EW STEP PROGRAM .—Not later than 18 
months after the date on which the first grant is awarded under this subsection, the Inspector General of the Administration shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report regarding the review conducted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(9) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program— 
‘‘(A) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $35,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(E) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’. 
(e) M
EMBERSHIP OF REPRESENTATIVES OF  
STATE TRADE PROMOTION AGENCIES ON TRADE  
PROMOTION COORDINATING COMMITTEE .—Sec-
tion 2312 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) R
EPRESENTATIVES FROM STATE TRADE  
PROMOTION AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The TPCC shall also in-
clude 1 or more members appointed by the President, after consultation with associa-tions representing State trade promotion agencies, who are representatives of State trade promotion agencies. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM.—A member appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. 
‘‘(C) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .— 
‘‘(i) N O COMPENSATION .—A member of the 
TPCC appointed under subparagraph (A) shall serve without compensation. 
‘‘(ii) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the 
TPCC appointed under subparagraph (A) shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates au-thorized for employees of agencies under sub-chapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the homes or regular place of business of the member in the performance of services for the TPCC. 
‘‘(iii) A
DMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary of Commerce, or the head of an-other agency, as appropriate, shall make available to a member of the TPCC ap-pointed under subparagraph (A) administra-tive services and assistance, including a se-curity clearance, as the member may reason-ably require to carry out services for the TPCC.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘(other than members described in subsection (d)(2))’’ after ‘‘Members of the TPCC’’. 
(f) S
TATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT PROMOTION  
COORDINATION WORKING GROUP .—Subtitle C 
of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4721 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 2313 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2313A. STATE AND FEDERAL EXPORT PRO-
MOTION COORDINATION WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the pol-
icy of the United States to promote exports as an opportunity for small businesses. In ex-ercising their powers and functions in order to advance that policy, all Federal depart-ments and agencies shall work construc-tively with State and local agencies engaged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.020 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3193 May 20, 2015 
in export promotion and export financing ac-
tivities. 
‘‘(b) E STABLISHMENT .—The President shall 
establish a State and Federal Export Pro-motion Coordination Working Group (in this section referred to as the ‘Working Group’) as a subcommittee of the Trade Promotion Coordination Committee (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘TPCC’). 
‘‘(c) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the Work-
ing Group are— 
‘‘(1) to identify issues related to the coordi-
nation of Federal resources relating to ex-port promotion and export financing with such resources provided by State and local governments; 
‘‘(2) to identify ways to improve coordina-
tion with respect to export promotion and export financing activities through the stra-tegic plan developed under section 2312(c); 
‘‘(3) to develop a strategy for improving co-
ordination of Federal and State resources re-lating to export promotion and export fi-nancing, including methods to eliminate du-plication of effort and overlapping functions; and 
‘‘(4) to develop a strategic plan for consid-
ering and implementing the suggestions of the Working Group as part of the strategic plan developed under section 2312(c). 
‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall select the members of the Work-ing Group, who shall include— 
‘‘(1) representatives from State trade agen-
cies representing regionally diverse areas; and 
‘‘(2) representatives of the departments 
and agencies that are represented on the TPCC, who are designated by the heads of their respective departments or agencies to advise the head on ways of promoting the ex-portation of United States goods and serv-ices.’’. 
(g) R
EPORT ON IMPROVEMENTS TO EX-
PORT .GOV AS A SINGLE WINDOW FOR EXPORT  
INFORMATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Associate Administrator for International Trade of the Small Business Administration shall, after consultation with the entities specified in paragraph (2), submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes the recommendations of the Associate Administrator for improving the experience provided by the Internet website Export.gov (or a successor website) as— 
(A) a comprehensive resource for informa-
tion about exporting articles from the United States; and 
(B) a single website for exporters to submit 
all information required by the Federal Gov-ernment with respect to the exportation of articles from the United States. 
(2) E
NTITIES SPECIFIED .—The entities speci-
fied in this paragraph are— 
(A) small business concerns (as defined in 
section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) that are exporters; and 
(B) the President’s Export Council, State 
agencies with responsibility for export pro-motion or export financing, district export councils, and trade associations. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Small Business and 
Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Small Business and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(h) S
MALL BUSINESS INTERAGENCY TASK 
FORCE ON EXPORT FINANCING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Small Business Administration, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Export-Import 
Bank of the United States, and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation shall jointly establish a Small Business Inter-Agency Task Force on Export Financing to— 
(A) review and improve Federal export fi-
nance programs for small business concerns; and 
(B) coordinate the activities of the Federal 
Government to assist small business con-cerns seeking to export. 
(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
(i) A
VAILABILITY OF STATE RESOURCES  
GUIDES ON EXPORT .GOV.—The Secretary of 
Commerce shall make available on the Inter-net website Export.gov (or a successor website) information on the resources relat-ing to export promotion and export financing available in each State— 
(1) organized by State; and (2) including information on State agencies 
with responsibility for export promotion or export financing and district export councils and trade associations located in the State. 
SA 1417. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 14, after line 24, add the following: 
(v) procedures to ensure the independence 
and impartiality of arbitrators and to pre-vent actual and perceived conflicts of inter-
est; 
(H) clarifying that, under the dispute set-
tlement mechanism, the burden is on the in-vestor to establish each applicable element of the minimum standard of treatment, based on evidence of the general and con-sistent practices of the government; 
(I) preserving the right of parties to a 
trade agreement to regulate to protect le-gitimate public welfare objectives, such as public health, safety, and the environment; and 
SA 1418. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(21) P ROTECTION OF INDIAN EXPORTS AND  
TREATY RIGHTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The principal negotiating 
objectives of the United States with respect to the protection of exports and treaty rights of Indian tribes are to ensure that— 
(i) goods of or for the benefit of Indian 
tribes may be exported through ports in the United States; 
(ii) treaty rights of Indian tribes are pro-
tected; and 
(iii) goods of or for the benefit of Indian 
tribes have the opportunity to compete in the world market. 
(B) I
NDIAN TRIBE DEFINED .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). SA 1419. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 36, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(21) E NERGY NEGOTIATIONS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in energy products and natural resources, including hydrocarbons such as oil, gas, and coal, and mineral and timber resources, are to obtain competitive opportunities for United States exports of energy products and natural resources in for-eign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports of energy products and natural re-sources in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in energy products and natural re-sources. 
SA 1420. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 36, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(21) F ISHERIES NEGOTIATIONS .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products are to obtain competi-tive opportunities for United States exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish products in for-eign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports of fish, seafood, and shellfish prod-ucts in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in fish, seafood, and shellfish products. 
SA 1421. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(21) F OOD SAFETY .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States with re-spect to food safety are— 
(A) to ensure that a trade agreement does 
not weaken or diminish food safety stand-ards that protect public health; 
(B) to promote strong food safety laws and 
regulations in the United States; and 
(C) to maintain and strengthen food safety 
inspection systems, including the inspection of meat, poultry, seafood, and egg products exported to the United States. 
SA 1422. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.020 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3194 May 20, 2015 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 116, beginning on line 4, strike 
‘‘and occupational safety and health,’’ and insert ‘‘occupational safety and health, com-pensation in cases of occupational injuries and illnesses, and social security and retire-ment,’’. 
SA 1423. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1248 submitted by Ms. C
ANTWELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 17 of the amendment, 
strike line 14 and all that follows through page 18, line 11. 
SA 1424. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—TRADE PREFERENCES FOR 
NEPAL 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Nepal 
Trade Preferences Act’’. 
SEC. 302. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that it should be 
an objective of the United States to use trade policies and trade agreements to con-tribute to the reduction of poverty and the elimination of hunger. 
SEC. 303. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may au-
thorize the provision of preferential treat-ment under this title to articles that are im-ported directly from Nepal into the customs territory of the United States pursuant to section 304 if the President determines— 
(1) that Nepal meets the requirements set 
forth in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of section 104(a) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3703(a)); and 
(2) after taking into account the factors 
set forth in paragraphs (1) through (7) of sub-section (c) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462), that Nepal meets the eli-gibility requirements of such section 502. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWAL , SUSPENSION , ORLIMITA -
TION OF PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT ; MANDA -
TORY GRADUATION .—The provisions of sub-
sections (d) and (e) of section 502 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2462) shall apply with respect to Nepal to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to beneficiary developing coun-tries under title V of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2461 et seq.). 
SEC. 304. ELIGIBLE ARTICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An article described in 
subsection (b) may enter the customs terri-tory of the United States free of duty. (b) A
RTICLES DESCRIBED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An article is described in 
this subsection if— 
(A)(i) the article is the growth, product, or 
manufacture of Nepal; and 
(ii) in the case of a textile or apparel arti-
cle, Nepal is the country of origin of the arti-cle, as determined under section 102.1 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act); 
(B) the article is imported directly from 
Nepal into the customs territory of the United States; 
(C) the article is classified under any of the 
following subheadings of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act): 
4202.11.00 .......... 4202.22.60 .......... 4202.92.08 
4202.12.20 .......... 4202.22.70 .......... 4202.92.15 4202.12.40 .......... 4202.22.80 .......... 4202.92.20 4202.12.60 .......... 4202.29.50 .......... 4202.92.30 4202.12.80 .......... 4202.29.90 .......... 4202.92.45 4202.21.60 .......... 4202.31.60 .......... 4202.92.60 4202.21.90 .......... 4202.32.40 .......... 4202.92.90 4202.22.15 .......... 4202.32.80 .......... 4202.99.90 4202.22.40 .......... 4202.32.95 .......... 4203.29.50 4202.22.45 .......... 4202.91.00 
5701.10.90 .......... 5702.91.30 .......... 5703.10.80 
5702.31.20 .......... 5702.91.40 .......... 5703.90.00 5702.49.20 .......... 5702.92.90 .......... 5705.00.20 5702.50.40 .......... 5702.99.15 5702.50.59 .......... 5703.10.20 
6117.10.60 .......... 6214.20.00 .......... 6217.10.85 
6117.80.85 .......... 6214.40.00 .......... 6301.90.00 6214.10.10 .......... 6214.90.00 .......... 6308.00.00 6214.10.20 .......... 6216.00.80 
6504.00.90 .......... 6505.00.30 .......... 6505.00.90 
6505.00.08 .......... 6505.00.40 .......... 6506.99.30 6505.00.15 .......... 6505.00.50 .......... 6506.99.60 6505.00.20 .......... 6505.00.60 6505.00.25 .......... 6505.00.80 
(D) the President determines, after receiv-
ing the advice of the United States Inter-national Trade Commission in accordance with section 503(e) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2463(e)), that the article is not im-port-sensitive in the context of imports from Nepal; and 
(E) subject to paragraph (3), the sum of the 
cost or value of the materials produced in, and the direct costs of processing operations performed in, Nepal or the customs territory of the United States is not less than 35 per-cent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
(2) E
XCLUSIONS .—An article shall not be 
treated as the growth, product, or manufac-ture of Nepal for purposes of paragraph (1)(A)(i) by virtue of having merely under-gone— 
(A) simple combining or packaging oper-
ations; or 
(B) mere dilution with water or mere dilu-
tion with another substance that does not materially alter the characteristics of the article. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON UNITED STATES COST .— 
For purposes of paragraph (1)(E), the cost or value of materials produced in, and the di-rect costs of processing operations performed in, the customs territory of the United States and attributed to the 35-percent re-quirement under that paragraph may not ex-ceed 15 percent of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. 
(c) V
ERIFICATION WITHRESPECT TO TRANS -
SHIPMENT FOR TEXTILE AND APPAREL ARTI-
CLES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 
July 1, October 1, and January 1 of each year, the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall verify that textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this title are not being un-lawfully transshipped into the United States. (2) R
EPORT TO PRESIDENT .—If the Commis-
sioner determines pursuant to paragraph (1) that textile and apparel articles imported from Nepal to which preferential treatment is extended under this title are being unlaw-fully transshipped into the United States, the Commissioner shall report that deter-mination to the President. 
SEC. 305. TRADE FACILITATION AND CAPACITY 
BUILDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) As a land-locked least-developed coun-
try, Nepal has severe challenges reaching markets and developing capacity to export goods. As of 2015, exports from Nepal are ap-proximately $800,000,000 per year, with India the major market at $450,000,000 annually. The United States imports about $80,000,000 worth of goods from Nepal, or 10 percent of the total goods exported from Nepal. 
(2) The World Bank has found evidence 
that the overall export competitiveness of Nepal has been declining since 2005. Indices compiled by the World Bank and the Organi-zation for Economic Co-operation and Devel-opment found that export costs in Nepal are high with respect to both air cargo and con-tainer shipments relative to other low-in-come countries. Such indices also identify particular weaknesses in Nepal with respect to automation of customs and other trade functions, involvement of local exporters and importers in preparing regulations and trade rules, and export finance. 
(3) Implementation by Nepal of the Agree-
ment on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Organization could directly address some of the weaknesses described in para-graph (2). 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF TRADE FACILITATION  
ANDCAPACITY BUILDING PROGRAM .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall, in consulta-tion with the Government of Nepal, establish a trade facilitation and capacity building program for Nepal— 
(1) to enhance the central export pro-
motion agency of Nepal to support successful exporters and to build awareness among po-tential exporters in Nepal about opportuni-ties abroad and ways to manage trade docu-mentation and regulations in the United States and other countries; 
(2) to provide export finance training for fi-
nancial institutions in Nepal and the Gov-ernment of Nepal; 
(3) to assist the Government of Nepal in 
maintaining publication of all trade regula-tions, forms for exporters and importers, tax and tariff rates, and other documentation re-lating to exporting goods on the Internet and developing a robust public-private dialogue, through its National Trade Facilitation Committee, for Nepal to identify timelines for implementation of key reforms and solu-tions, as provided for under the Agreement on Trade Facilitation of the World Trade Or-ganization; and 
(4) to increase access to guides for import-
ers and exporters on the Internet, including rules and documentation for United States tariff preference programs. 
SEC. 306. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall monitor, re-view, and report to Congress on the imple-mentation of this title, the compliance of Nepal with section 303(a), and the trade and investment policy of the United States with respect to Nepal. 
SEC. 307. TERMINATION OF PREFERENTIAL 
TREATMENT. 
No preferential treatment extended under 
this title shall remain in effect after Decem-ber 31, 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.021 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3195 May 20, 2015 
SEC. 308. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The provisions of this title shall take ef-
fect on January 1, 2016. 
SA 1425. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 213. EXTENSION OF ADJUSTMENT ASSIST-
ANCE TO TERRITORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), during the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on June 30, 2021, workers, firms, and agricultural com-modity producers in American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, Guam, or the Virgin Islands of the United States shall be eligible for adjust-ment assistance under chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.) to the same extent as workers, firms, and agricultural commodity producers in a State (as defined in section 247 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2319)). 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Benefits under sections 231 
through 234 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2291 through 2294) and under section 246 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 2318) shall not be 
available to workers in American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, or the Virgin Islands of the United States. 
(c) F
ORMULA FOR TRAINING FUNDS .—In 
making distributions of funds for a fiscal year to States under section 236(a)(2) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)), the Secretary of Labor shall distribute an amount equal to 1 percent of such funds among American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, and the Virgin Islands of the United States, based on criteria established by the Sec-retary. 
(d) R
EGULATORY CHANGES .—The Secretary 
of Labor and the heads of other appropriate agencies shall make the necessary changes to the regulations of the Department of Labor and those other agencies in order to carry out this section. 
SA 1426. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 64, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
(f) C ONSULTATIONS WITHTRADE ADVISORY  
COMMITTEES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 135 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) is amended by striking subsection (m) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(m) C
ONGRESSIONAL CONSULTATIONS WITH 
ADVISORY COMMITTEES .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSULTATIONS BY CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEES .—An appropriate congressional 
committee may request consultations with an advisory committee established under subsection (b) or (c) with respect to trade agreements in effect or negotiations for trade agreements. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATIONS BY MEMBERS OF CON -
GRESS AND CONGRESSIONAL STAFF .—Members of Congress and staff of such Members with 
proper security clearances may consult with individual members of an advisory com-mittee established under subsection (b) or (c) with respect to negotiations for trade agree-ments in effect or negotiations for trade agreements. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN FACA RE -
QUIREMENTS .—The approval of the designated 
Federal officer for an advisory committee es-tablished under subsection (b) or (c) shall not be required with respect to consultations under paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(n) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An advisory committee 
established under subsection (b) or (c) may at any time submit to the President a report on matters being considered by the com-mittee without the approval of the des-ignated Federal officer for that committee. 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—A report 
submitted to the President under paragraph (1), including any dissenting or minority views, shall be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees and Members of Congress and staff of such Members with proper security clearances. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—If a report of an 
advisory committee submitted to the Presi-dent under paragraph (1) does not include any classified information, the advisory committee may request the designated Fed-eral officer for that committee to make the report available to the public. 
‘‘(o) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Ways and Means of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) any other committee of the House or 
the Senate with jurisdiction over laws that are or could be affected by a trade agree-ment. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATED FEDERAL OFFICER .—The 
term ‘designated Federal officer’ means an 
officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment designated to chair or attend each meeting of each advisory committee under section 10(e) of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—The term 
‘non-Federal government’ means— 
‘‘(A) any State, territory, or possession of 
the United States, or the District of Colum-bia, or any political subdivision thereof; or 
‘‘(B) any agency or instrumentality of any 
entity described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(4) P
ROPER SECURITY CLEARANCES .—The 
term ‘proper security clearances’ has the meaning of that term as used in section 104 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR MEETINGS .—Section 
135 of such Act is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking the first 
sentence; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) The committee shall meet as needed 
at the call of the chairman of the committee or at the call of one-third of the members of the committee. The designated Federal offi-cer shall be notified of any such meeting and shall provide notice of the meeting in ac-cordance with section 10 of the Federal Advi-sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), but, not-withstanding any provision of that Act, the attendance of such officer at the meeting is not required.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) A committee established under para-
graph (1), (2), or (3) shall meet as needed at the call of the chairman of the committee or at the call of one-third of the members of the committee. The designated Federal officer shall be notified of any such meeting and 
shall provide notice of the meeting in ac-cordance with section 10 of the Federal Advi-sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), but, not-withstanding any provision of that Act, the attendance of such officer at the meeting is not required.’’. 
SA 1427. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 24, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
(iv) adopts and maintains, in national 
laws, regulations, or measures, prohibitions against trading across borders in products harvested or exported in violation of na-
tional laws that seek to protect wildlife, for-ests, or living marine resources, 
SA 1428. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATIONS ON PROCEDURES WITH RE -
SPECT TO AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN COUN -
TRIES .—The trade authorities procedures 
shall not apply to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country with respect to which the United States has not yet promulgated import rules as required by section 804(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384(b)). 
SA 1429. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATIONS ON PROCEDURES WITH RE -
SPECT TO AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN COUN -
TRIES .—The trade authorities procedures 
shall not apply to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country with respect to which the United States has not yet promulgated import rules regulating the importation of prescription drugs. 
SA 1430. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.022 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3196 May 20, 2015 
On page 100, between lines 13 and 14, insert 
the following: 
(B) E XCEPTION .— 
(i) I NVOKING EXCEPTION .—If the President 
submits to the appropriate congressional committees a letter stating that a country subject to subparagraph (A) has taken con-crete actions to implement the principal rec-ommendations in the most recent annual re-port on trafficking in persons, this para-graph shall not apply with respect to agree-ments with that country. 
(ii) C
ONTENT OF LETTER ; PUBLIC AVAIL -
ABILITY .—A letter submitted under clause (i) 
with respect to a country shall— 
(I) include a description of the concrete ac-
tions that the country has taken to imple-ment the principal recommendations de-scribed in clause (i); and 
(II) be made available to the public. (iii) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— 
(I) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
(II) the Committee on Finance and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate. 
SA 1431. Mr. TILLIS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . INFORMATION REGARDING H–2B VISA 
ISSUANCE. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may 
not authorize any official of the Department of Homeland Security to travel to any con-ference or symposium until after the Sec-retary— 
(1) has submitted to Congress, and made 
publicly available— 
(A) the methodology used to determine 
when the numerical limitation on H–2B visas set forth in section 214(g)(1)(B) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(1)(B)) has been reached for each of fis-cal years 2012 through 2015, including the number of petitions for such status that had been accepted by U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services at the time such determina-tion was made; and 
(B) the number of petitions for H–2B visas 
that had been received by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for fiscal year 2015— 
(i) on or before March 5, 2015; (ii) on or before March 17, 2015; and (iii) on or before March 26, 2015; (2) has conducted a study that confirms the 
efficacy of the methodology used by the De-partment of Homeland Security to deter-mine whether the numerical limitation re-ferred to in paragraph (1) has been reached; 
(3) submits a report to Congress informa-
tion that contains— 
(A) information about any investigations 
or lawsuits regarding the methodology de-scribed in paragraph (2); 
(B) any revisions made to such method-
ology during the past 10 fiscal years; 
(C) contemporaneous work product estab-
lishing how the numerical limitation re-ferred to in paragraph (1) was calculated dur-ing the past 10 fiscal years; 
(D) a complete statement of the method-
ology for determining when the H–2B visa cap is reached for a fiscal year; and (E) the number of ‘‘target beneficiaries’’ 
for the first 6 months and for the last 6 months of fiscal year 2015. 
SA 1432. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself 
and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. COMMUNITY COLLEGE TO CAREER 
FUND. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Community College to Career Fund Act’’. 
(b) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE TO CAREER FUND.— 
Title I of the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subtitle F—Community College to Career 
Fund 
‘‘SEC. 199. COMMUNITY COLLEGE AND INDUSTRY 
PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From funds ap-
propriated under section 199A, the Secretary of Labor (in coordination with the Secretary of Education and the Secretary of Com-merce) shall award competitive grants to eli-gible entities described in subsection (b) for the purpose of developing, offering, improv-ing, and providing educational or career training programs for workers. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .— 
‘‘(1) P ARTNERSHIPS WITH EMPLOYERS OR AN  
EMPLOYER OR INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) G ENERAL DEFINITION .—For purposes of 
this section, an ‘eligible entity’ means any of the entities described in subparagraph (B) (or a consortium of any of such entities) in part-nership with employers or an employer or in-dustry partnership representing multiple employers. 
‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF ENTITIES .—The enti-
ties described in this subparagraph are— 
‘‘(i) a community college; ‘‘(ii) a 4-year public institution of higher 
education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) that offers 2-year degrees, and that will use funds provided under this section for activities at the certificate and associate de-gree levels; 
‘‘(iii) a Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))); or 
‘‘(iv) a private or nonprofit, 2-year institu-
tion of higher education (as defined in sec-tion 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)) in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Fed-erated States of Micronesia, or the Republic of Palau. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL PARTNERS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PART -
NERS .—In addition to partnering with em-
ployers or an employer or industry partner-ship representing multiple employers as de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1) may include in the partnership described in paragraph (1) 1 or more of the organizations described in sub-paragraph (B). Each eligible entity that in-cludes 1 or more such organizations shall collaborate with the State or local board in the area served by the eligible entity. ‘‘(B) O
RGANIZATIONS .—The organizations 
described in this subparagraph are as fol-lows: 
‘‘(i) A provider of adult education (as de-
fined in section 203) or an institution of high-er education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)). 
‘‘(ii) A community-based organization. ‘‘(iii) A joint labor-management partner-
ship. 
‘‘(iv) A State or local board. ‘‘(v) Any other organization that the Sec-
retaries consider appropriate. 
‘‘(c) E
DUCATIONAL OR CAREER TRAINING  
PROGRAM .—For purposes of this section, the 
Governor of the State in which at least 1 of the entities described in subsection (b)(1)(B) of an eligible entity is located shall establish criteria for an educational or career training program leading to a recognized postsec-ondary credential for which an eligible enti-ty submits a grant proposal under subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity seek-
ing a grant under this section shall submit an application containing a grant proposal, for an educational or career training pro-gram leading to a recognized postsecondary credential, to the Secretaries at such time and containing such information as the Sec-retaries determine is required, including a detailed description of— 
‘‘(1) the extent to which the educational or 
career training program described in the grant proposal fits within an overall stra-tegic plan consisting of— 
‘‘(A) the State plan described in section 102 
or 103, for the State involved; 
‘‘(B) the local plan described in section 108, 
for each local area that comprises a signifi-cant portion of the area to be served by the eligible entity; and 
‘‘(C) a strategic plan developed by the eli-
gible entity; 
‘‘(2) the extent to which the program will 
meet the needs of employers in the area for skilled workers in in-demand industry sec-tors and occupations; 
‘‘(3) the extent to which the program will 
meet the educational or career training needs of workers in the area; 
‘‘(4) the specific educational or career 
training program and how the program meets the criteria established under sub-section (e), including the manner in which the grant will be used to develop, offer, im-prove, and provide the educational or career training program; 
‘‘(5) any previous experience of the eligible 
entity in providing educational or career training programs, the absence of which shall not automatically disqualify an eligi-ble institution from receiving a grant under this section; and 
‘‘(6) how the program leading to the cre-
dential meets the criteria described in sub-section (c). 
‘‘(e) C
RITERIA FOR AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Grants under this sec-
tion shall be awarded based on criteria estab-lished by the Secretaries, that include the following: 
‘‘(A) A determination of the merits of the 
grant proposal submitted by the eligible en-tity involved to develop, offer, improve, and provide an educational or career training program to be made available to workers. 
‘‘(B) An assessment of the likely employ-
ment opportunities available in the area to individuals who complete an educational or career training program that the eligible en-tity proposes to develop, offer, improve, and provide. 
‘‘(C) An assessment of prior demand for 
training programs by individuals eligible for training and served by the eligible entity, as well as availability and capacity of existing (as of the date of the assessment) training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.024 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3197 May 20, 2015 
programs to meet future demand for training 
programs. 
‘‘(2) P RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretaries shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that— 
‘‘(A) include a partnership, with employers 
or an employer or industry partnership, that— 
‘‘(i) pays a portion of the costs of edu-
cational or career training programs; or 
‘‘(ii) agrees to hire individuals who have 
attained a recognized postsecondary creden-tial resulting from the educational or career training program of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(B) enter into a partnership with a labor 
organization or labor-management training program to provide, through the program, technical expertise for occupationally spe-cific education necessary for a recognized postsecondary credential leading to a skilled occupation in an in-demand industry sector; 
‘‘(C) are focused on serving individuals 
with barriers to employment, low-income, non-traditional students, students who are dislocated workers, students who are vet-erans, or students who are long-term unem-ployed; 
‘‘(D) include any eligible entities serving 
areas with high unemployment rates; 
‘‘(E) are eligible entities that include an 
institution of higher education eligible for assistance under title III or V of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.; 20 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.); and 
‘‘(F) include a partnership, with employers 
or an employer or industry partnership, that increases domestic production of goods. 
‘‘(f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds awarded 
under this section shall be used for one or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) The development, offering, improve-
ment, and provision of educational or career training programs, that provide relevant job training for skilled occupations, that lead to recognized postsecondary credentials, that will meet the needs of employers in in-de-mand industry sectors, and that may include registered apprenticeship programs, on-the- job training programs, and programs that support employers in upgrading the skills of their workforce. 
‘‘(2) The development and implementation 
of policies and programs to expand opportu-nities for students to earn a recognized post-secondary credential, including a degree, in in-demand industry sectors and occupations, including by— 
‘‘(A) facilitating the transfer of academic 
credits between institutions of higher edu-cation, including the transfer of academic credits for courses in the same field of study; 
‘‘(B) expanding articulation agreements 
and policies that guarantee transfers be-tween such institutions, including through common course numbering and use of a gen-eral core curriculum; and 
‘‘(C) developing or enhancing student sup-
port services programs. 
‘‘(3) The creation of career pathway pro-
grams that provide a sequence of education and occupational training that leads to a recognized postsecondary credential, includ-ing a degree, including programs that— 
‘‘(A) blend basic skills and occupational 
training; 
‘‘(B) facilitate means of transitioning par-
ticipants from non-credit occupational, basic skills, or developmental coursework to for- credit coursework within and across institu-tions; 
‘‘(C) build or enhance linkages, including 
the development of dual enrollment pro-grams and early college high schools, be-tween secondary education or adult edu-cation programs (including programs estab-lished under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) and title II of this Act); ‘‘(D) are innovative programs designed to 
increase the provision of training for stu-dents, including students who are members of the National Guard or Reserves, to enter skilled occupations in in-demand industry sectors; and 
‘‘(E) support paid internships that will 
allow students to simultaneously earn credit for work-based learning and gain relevant employment experience in an in-demand in-dustry sector or occupation, which shall in-clude opportunities that transition individ-uals into employment. 
‘‘(4) The development and implementation 
of— 
‘‘(A) a Pay-for-Performance program that 
leads to a recognized postsecondary creden-tial, for which an eligible entity agrees to be reimbursed under the grant primarily on the basis of achievement of specified perform-ance outcomes and criteria agreed to by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) a Pay-for-Success program that leads 
to a recognized postsecondary credential, for which an eligible entity— 
‘‘(i) enters into a partnership with an in-
vestor, such as a philanthropic organization that provides funding for a specific project to address a clear and measurable educational or career training need in the area to be served under the grant; and 
‘‘(ii) agrees to be reimbursed under the 
grant only if the project achieves specified performance outcomes and criteria agreed to by the Secretary. 
‘‘SEC. 199A. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary to carry out the program established by section 199. 
‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE COST.—Not more than 
5 percent of the amounts made available under subsection (a) may be used by the Sec-retaries to administer the program described in that subsection, including providing tech-nical assistance and carrying out evalua-tions for the program described in that sub-section. 
‘‘(c) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—The funds 
appropriated pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year shall be available for Federal ob-ligation for that fiscal year and the suc-ceeding 2 fiscal years. 
‘‘SEC. 199B. DEFINITION. 
‘‘For purposes of this subtitle, the term 
‘community college’ has the meaning given the term ‘junior or community college’ in section 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058(f)).’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act is amended by inserting after the items relating to subtitle E of title I the following: 
‘‘Subtitle F—Community College to Career 
Fund 
‘‘Sec. 199. Community college and industry 
partnerships program. 
‘‘Sec. 199A. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘Sec. 199B. Definition.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section, includ-
ing the amendments made by this section, take effect as if included in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
SA 1433. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1312 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. C OONS ) to 
the amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. TRANSSHIPMENT OF LIGHTWEIGHT 
THERMAL PAPER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner re-
sponsible for U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commissioner’’) shall direct appropriate personnel and resources of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to address concerns that lightweight thermal paper is being imported into the United States in violation of the customs and trade laws of the United States. 
(b) D
ATABASE OF CHARACTERISTICS OF IM-
PORTED LIGHTWEIGHT THERMAL PAPER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce, compile a database of the individual characteristics of lightweight thermal paper produced in foreign countries, especially lightweight thermal paper produced in the People’s Republic of China, Malaysia, Tai-wan, South Korea, Spain, Finland, Japan, Thailand, and Germany, to facilitate the verification of country of origin markings of lightweight thermal paper imported into the United States. 
(2) E
NGAGEMENT WITH FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENTS .—The Commissioner shall seek to en-
gage the customs agencies of foreign govern-ments for assistance in compiling the data-base described in paragraph (1). 
(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH INDUSTRY .—In com-
piling the database described in paragraph (1), the Commissioner shall consult with en-tities in the lightweight thermal paper in-dustry regarding the development of indus-try standards for identification of light-weight thermal paper. 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to Con-gress a report that— 
(1) describes and assesses the limitations in 
the existing analysis capabilities of labora-tories with respect to determining the coun-try of origin of samples of lightweight ther-mal paper; and 
(2) includes any recommendations of the 
Commissioner for improving such capabili-ties. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Commerce should promptly establish a national stand-ard of identity for lightweight thermal paper for the Commissioner to use to ensure that imports of lightweight thermal paper are— 
(1) classified accurately for purposes of as-
sessing duties; and 
(2) denied entry into the United States if 
such imports pose a threat to the domestic lightweight thermal paper industry. 
SA 1434. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1251 submitted by Mr. B
ROWN (for himself, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, and Mr. C ASEY ) to the amendment 
SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1 of the amendment, 
strike ‘‘A DDITIONAL COUNTRIES ’’ on line 2 and 
all that follows and insert the following: 
PROCEDURES WITHRESPECT TO AGREEMENTS  
WITHCOUNTRIES NOT IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF  
2000.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.024 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3198 May 20, 2015 
(1) I NVOKING EXCEPTION .—If the President 
submits to the appropriate congressional committees a letter stating that a country subject to paragraph (6) of section 106(b) has taken concrete actions to implement the principal recommendations in the most re-cent annual report on trafficking in persons described in that paragraph, that paragraph shall not apply with respect to agreements with that country. 
(2) C
ONTENT OF LETTER ; PUBLIC AVAIL -
ABILITY .—A letter submitted under para-
graph (1) with respect to a country shall— 
(A) include a description of the concrete 
actions that the country has taken to imple-ment the principal recommendations de-scribed in paragraph (1); and 
(B) be made available to the public. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
(B) the Committee on Finance and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate. 
SA 1435. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1327 submitted by Ms. W
ARREN (for herself, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. H EINRICH ) 
to the amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1 of the amendment, 
strike ‘‘F OR AGREEMENTS ’’ on line 2 and all 
that follows and insert the following: 
ADDITIONAL OVERALL NEGOTIATING OBJEC -
TIVE.—In addition to the objectives set forth 
in section 102(a), an overall negotiating ob-jective of the United States for trade agree-ments entered into under section 103 is to en-sure that such agreements do not require changes to the immigration laws of the United States. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I as 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I as 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a Subcommittee hearing 
entitled ‘‘Improvements and Innova-tions in Fishery Management and Data Collection.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I as 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Cuban Relations—The Way Forward.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I as 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR AND  
PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I as 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reau-thorizing the Higher Education Act: Exploring Institutional Risk-sharing.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 20, 2015, in room SD-628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2;15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Addressing the Needs of Native Com-munities Through Indian Water Rights 
Settlements.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SH-216 of the Hart Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, in room SD-562 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Challenging the Status Quo: Solu-tions to the Hospital Observation Stay Crisis.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON THE CONSTITUTION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-
committee on the Constitution, be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD-226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Taking Sexual Assault Seri-ously: The Rape Kit Backlog and Human Rights.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Ideas for the 20th Century Federal Civil Service.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SUPERFUND , WASTE  
MANAGEMENT , AND REGULATORY OVERSIGHT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight of the Committee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 20, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD- 406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Oversight of Scientific Advisory Pan-els and Processes at the Environmental Protection Agency.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CORRECTING THE ENROLLMENT 
OF S. 178 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 47, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 47) to 
correct the enrollment of S. 178. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 47) was agreed to. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 2353 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I un-
derstand there is a bill at the desk and I ask for its first reading. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY6.023 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3199 May 20, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I now ask for a second 
reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of 
rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 21, 
2015 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-
journ until 9 a.m., Thursday, May 21; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 1314, with the time until the cloture vote at 10 a.m. equally divided in the usual form. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. CASSIDY. If there is no further 
business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 11:57 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, May 21, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20MY6.151 S20MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E755 May 20, 2015 
COMMEMORATING THE 240TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE MECKLEN-BURG DECLARATION OF INDE-PENDENCE 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pride that I rise today to commemorate the 240th anniversary of the Mecklenburg Dec-laration of Independence. 
Meck Dec Day marks a defining moment in 
our nation’s history when brave North Caro-linians—united by their common pursuit of freedom—stepped forward to become the very first Americans to declare independence from the tyrannical crown of Great Britain. 
This courageous act of defiance paved the 
way for the establishment of the United States of America and our great experiment in de-mocracy. 
North Carolina’s bold leaders and citizens 
resisted British occupation during the Revolu-tionary War, prompting British Commander General Cornwallis to describe our fearless city as ‘‘a hornet’s nest of rebellion.’’ 
It’s in this spirit that our community con-
tinues to stand for liberty, justice and freedom. 
I am so proud of our heritage and for the 
leadership that the State of North Carolina continues to provide this great nation. 
Mr. Speaker, on this historic anniversary, I 
want to congratulate the city of Charlotte and all North Carolinians. 
I welcome each and every one of my col-
leagues to join us in celebrating this important moment in our history and the great North Carolinians who risked everything to lay claim to our rights and freedom. 
f 
HONORING ARMY PRIVATE HENRY 
JOHNSON AND ARMY SERGEANT WILLIAM SHEMIN 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the brave service of Army Private Henry Johnson and Army Sergeant William Shemin. Army Private Henry Johnson and Army Ser-geant William Shemin valiantly fought to de-fend our nation during World War I. 
Army Private Henry Johnson entered the 
Army on June 5, 1917. He served in Company C, the 15th New York Infantry Regiment, an all-black National Guard unit. In 1918, Army Private Henry Johnson’s unit, then the 369th Infantry Regiment, was ordered into battle in France and fought in front-line combat. Army Private Johnson courageously risked his life to defend those of his fellow soldiers. 
Army Sergeant William Shemin entered the 
Army on October 2, 1917. He served as a member of Company G, 2nd Battalion, 47th 
Infantry Regiment, 4th Division, American Ex-peditionary Forces, originally located in Syra-cuse, New York. In May of 1918, Army Ser-geant Shemin arrived in France to fight as a rifleman within his platoon. Army Sergeant Shemin not only put himself in danger to res-cue his wounded fellow soldiers, but also took command of his platoon following the death of 
his superior officers. 
Army Private Henry Johnson and Army Ser-
geant William Shemin proudly served and rep-resented New York and our entire nation. Nearly 100 years after their service, Army Pri-vate Henry Johnson and Army Sergeant Wil-liam Shemin will be awarded the Medal of Honor by President Obama on June 2nd. It is a privilege to share in the recognition of these American heroes, Army Private Henry John-son and Army Sergeant William Shemin. 
f 
HONORING ALIVIA DAVIS, WINNER 
OF THE 2015 FOURTH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF FLORIDA ART COMPETITION 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Alivia Davis, winner of the 2015 Fourth Congressional District of Florida Art Competition in my home town of Jacksonville, Florida. Nationally, the Congressional Art Competition recognizes some of the finest high school student artists, and there is no doubt that Alivia belongs among this illustrious group. Her drawing, titled ‘‘Magnif.eyed,’’ could not be a better representation of the artistic ability of Northeast Florida, and I am proud to recognize her on the House Floor today. 
Alivia recently completed her freshman year 
of high school at Stanton College Preparatory School, an academically renowned public high school in Jacksonville. Competing against thousands of high school students across the Fourth Congressional District, Alivia’s artistic ability and execution set her apart from the rest. Alivia’s ‘‘Magnif.eyed’’ depicts her young-er brother’s face as seen beneath a magni-fying glass. The attention to detail is extraor-dinary; the hair is vivid and lifelike, the eyes incredibly vibrant, and the shading meticu-lously applied. Alivia shows artistic skills far beyond her years. 
Alivia comes from a large and loving family. 
Her proud father and mother, Daniel and Re-bekah, as well as her siblings Caroline, Chris-tian, and Gabe, have been a constant source of support throughout her life. Tony Wood, art teacher at Stanton College Preparatory School, and a renowned artist himself, has paintings displayed in various art galleries around Jacksonville. He mentored and encour-aged Alivia to submit her artwork for the com-petition, and I can only hope that in her up-coming years at Stanton, he will continue to guide Alivia in all of her artistic abilities. I am honored to recognize Alivia Davis as 
the winner of the Fourth Congressional District Art Competition, and I could not be happier to see her drawing hang in the halls of Congress over the next year, proudly representing Northeast Florida. Alivia has a bright future ahead of her. Regardless of what that future holds, whether that be to pursue her artistic talents or otherwise, I believe that she will al-ways find success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NACHA ON ENA-
BLING UBIQUITOUS SAME-DAY PAYMENTS DURING DIRECT DE-POSIT AND DIRECT PAYMENT VIA ACH MONTH 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize May as the Direct Deposit and Direct Payment via Automated Clearing House (ACH) Month. NACHA—The Electronic Pay-ments Association serves as trustee of the ACH Network, enabling payments such as di-rect deposit and direct payment via ACH. An-nually, the network processes 23 billion ACH transactions valued at more than $40 trillion. As a self-governing, collaborative rule maker and educator, NACHA helps to expand and di-versify electronic payments, ensuring the Net-work remains universal and secure, creating value, and enabling innovation for all partici-pants. 
To coincide with this year’s recognition of 
Direct Deposit and Direct Payment via ACH Month, the NACHA membership has approved an Operating Rules change to enable same- day settlement capabilities for virtually any ACH transaction. The proposal received broad support from financial institutions, businesses, government agencies and regulators, con-sumer groups, and other interested parties. This new same-day service ACH allows the fi-nancial services industry to offer an option to consumers, businesses and governments, who want to move their money faster. 
I commend NACHA’s commitment to en-
hancing the versatility and improving the strength of the ACH Network for consumers, governments, businesses, and financial institu-tions that rely on the network to move their money via ACH. This introduction of same-day ACH is an immediate action undertaken by fi-nancial institutions to modernize the payments system, and it creates a building block for a variety of innovative products and services. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in recognizing NACHA—The Electronic Payments Association for its work to move payments safely and more efficiently through same-day ACH and in recognizing May as Di-rect Deposit and Direct Payment via ACH Month. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY8.001 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E756 May 20, 2015 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
opposition to H.R. 1735, the FY16 National Defense Authorization Act. 
The National Defense Authorization Act is 
one of the most important pieces of legislation that this body votes on each year. While this bill does authorize much needed funding for our men and women in uniform, ultimately it ignores the current budget landscape that our military is facing. 
Consistent with the Republican budget, this 
year’s defense authorization bill uses the Overseas Contingency Operations budget as a backdoor loophole to get around sequestra-tion by funding $38 billion of the Pentagon’s regular base budget activities with war funds— a blatant abuse of the budget process. Just one year ago, House Republicans criticized the abuse of the OCO loophole in their budget report, stating that it ‘‘undermines the integrity of the budget process’’ and that the Budget Committee would ‘‘oppose increases above the levels the Administration and our military commanders say are needed to carry out op-erations unless it can be clearly demonstrated that such amounts are war-related.’’ 
Moreover, in following the strategy of the 
Republican budget, the NDAA begins the process of locking in sequestration for non-defense programs, which will have a dev-astating impact on investments critical to the nation. We need to get back to the table to have an honest debate about our budget and renegotiate the funding caps for both defense and nondefense. Only then will we be able to provide the necessary resources for our na-tional security needs and to ensure we keep the nation’s commitments to education, re-search, infrastructure, and other crucial drivers of economic prosperity. 
I also have many problems with a number 
of misguided provisions in this year’s NDAA. Once again, this year’s NDAA includes a pro-vision to continue funding restrictions on the construction or modification of detention facili-ties in the United States to house Guanta-namo detainees. I strongly opposed Rep. Walorski’s amendment to keep Guantanamo open for at least two more years beyond FY16 and was disappointed that an amendment of-fered by Ranking Member Smith to provide a framework for closure of Guantanamo by the end of 2016 was rejected. 
I also oppose efforts by Republicans to 
strike an important provision in this bill which would have stated that it was the sense of the House that our military should review whether ‘‘DREAMers’’ should be allowed to enlist and serve in the Armed Forces. In addition, I ob-ject to provisions that prohibit the Pentagon from entering into contracts to construct alter-native fuel refineries and prevent our military 
from developing alternative energy sources that have the potential to save money and en-hance our energy security. Finally, I object to the inclusion of unrequested funding for many weapons systems, including an extra $1.15 billion for extra F/A–18 aircraft and $128 mil-lion for extra UH–60 helicopters. 
Despite my opposition to the overall legisla-
tion, I was pleased that a bipartisan amend-ment I introduced with Congressman Mulvaney was adopted and will require Con-gress to report on how funds authorized for overseas contingency operations were ulti-mately used. I also support the increased 2.3 percent pay raise for our troops and their fami-lies. 
While this legislation does authorize much 
needed funding for programs that benefit our men and women in uniform, ultimately, this bill falls short in too many areas. It is my hope that many of my objections to the NDAA will be resolved in Conference with the Senate but I can’t support it in its current form. 
f 
AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY 
ON THE WAY TO 3 MILLION HOMES 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it’s Friday 
night. You come home from work, tired and hungry for supper. 
There is a big stack of mail on the table you 
sift through, including one piece addressed to you from the government. 
You open the envelope only to find a sur-
vey. The survey asks you a series of ques-tions like: How many toilets do you have in your house? When do you leave and return from work? Does anyone in your home suffer from mental illness? Does your house have a sink with a faucet? Do you have a refrig-erator? 
This government-mandated questionnaire is 
known as the American Community Survey. Three million Americans each year are ‘‘lucky’’ enough to be selected to answer this manda-tory survey. The American Community Survey is independent from the Census. This survey is more intrusive, more personal and more time consuming. Not to mention, it is 28 pages long and mandatory. 
Understandably, many people dismiss this 
survey, tossing it out or feeling too uncomfort-able to divulge such personal information. But throwing it away does not make it disappear. 
If you fail to answer the survey, the govern-
ment will come after you. It begins with phone calls. If the calls go answered or the survey is incomplete, the calls will increase from weekly to daily. Then the eyes of the federal govern-ment are sent to houses of the unwilling, to ring the doorbell and peak in the window. This is harassment. No one wants the government doing drop-ins to their home. Quite the oppo-site, the majority of Americans want the gov-ernment to leave them alone. And on top of all the harassment and intimidation by Census Bureau emissaries, citizens who still choose not to answer, are threatened with a criminal penalty, and in some cases face up to a $5,000 fine. 
In an effort to help protect American’s pri-
vacy, I reintroduced legislation that would make the American Community Survey vol-
untary. This survey is another example of un-necessary and completely unwarranted gov-ernment intrusion. 
The federal government has no right to 
force Americans to divulge such private infor-mation, especially information that they are uncomfortable giving away. 
But this is happening all over America and 
even right here in Southeast Texas. I have had neighbors contact me for years com-plaining about this government harassment. 
According to the Constitution, article 1, sec-
tion 2, a count of the nation’s population is re-quired to be conducted every ten years. The purpose of the Census is to apportion con-gressional seats and levy direct taxes. But the American Community Survey achieves none of that, except information on American’s toilet flushing patterns. 
I believe in a limited government and will 
work to protect American citizens from govern-ment abuse and harassment. Bottom line, Americans should have the choice on whether they want to tell Washington how many toilets they have. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CELEBRATING 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
OF HEAD START 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
congratulate and celebrate Head Start on its 50th year of service to children and families. Fifty years ago yesterday, President Lyndon Johnson stood in the White House Rose Gar-den and announced the creation of Head Start. 
This pioneering federal program became a 
foundation of his historic anti-poverty plan. Head Start was designed to ensure that chil-dren from low-income families had access to a quality early childhood education. 
This program has long served as a catalyst 
for long-term educational achievement and is considered the nation’s premier school readi-ness program. 
Head Start recognizes that parents are the 
initial and most important educators in their child’s life and works to inspire and support af-firmative parental involvement with their chil-dren. 
In addition to building strong parent-child re-
lationships, Head Start along with Early Head Start, provides extensive services to promote strong mental, social, and emotional develop-ment in children from birth to age five. 
Head Start also provides children and their 
families with health screenings and nutritional education, among other integral services. The services offered to our communities by Head Start are copious and invaluable. 
Evidence-based studies have shown Head 
Start to be tremendously effective at pro-moting academic success in school, avoiding crime, and fostering the development of pro-ductive, successful leaders. 
Head Start is one of the longest running 
programs in the United States whose mission is to address systemic poverty, and it has in-deed yielded impressive results. 
In just 2014, Head Start served over 20,000 
children and families in North Carolina alone, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.001 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E757 May 20, 2015 
including nearly 5,000 in my congressional 
district. Since its creation 50 years ago, more than 32 million children and families have reaped the benefits of Head Start. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating Head Start for 50 years of service and enrichment to our nation’s chil-dren and their families. Its involvement in the lives of our young people is exceptionally sig-nificant and deserving of our sincere apprecia-tion. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LIFEGUARD THOMAS 
HOLT 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Thomas Holt for the outstanding com-mitment and dedication he has demonstrated to the City of Imperial Beach. Mr. Holt started his public service as an ocean lifeguard in 1967. During his 47 years of service, Thomas Holt made thousands of ocean rescues and provided medical aid to hundreds of beach visitors. 
On March 1, 2014, Mr. Holt officially retired 
at the age of 70. His service is a remarkable achievement in the ocean lifeguarding field. Mr. Holt is recognized by his lifeguard col-leagues and the community of Imperial Beach as a hardworking, reliable and dedicated men-tor. 
Mr. Holt has devoted his life to preserving 
the lives of others. His outstanding achieve-ments, his leadership and his commitment to the people of California’s 51st District, are an inspiration to us all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ST. JOHN’S–ST. AN-
DREW’S CATHOLIC SCHOOL CEN-TENNIAL 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in honor of St. John’s–St. Andrew’s Catholic School in Meire Grove, Minnesota, as it celebrates its centennial. 
Founded in 1915, the current schoolhouse 
was built to meet the growing needs of a thriv-ing Catholic community. After years of remod-eling and improvements, and a shift towards being a parochial school, St. John’s–St. An-drew’s now consists of 40 families. An impres-sive growth, considering Catholic education in the area began with a deserted log church and 20 children. 
For a century, central Minnesotans have 
sent their sons and daughters to this historic school knowing that they will receive a sub-stantive education centered around Christ. For many, this Catholic tradition spans several generations. 
I pray that these children continue to grow 
in their faith and that they continue to follow Christ’s example of service and respect. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that this body join me in 
congratulating St. John’s–St. Andrew’s Catho-lic School on 100 years, and thanking them for building such a strong Catholic-educated com-
munity. May their success continue for dec-ades to come. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE COLUMBIA 
RIVER BASIN RESTORATION ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to introduce the Columbia River Basin Restoration Act, a bill that would bring much needed resources to clean up toxic pollution in the Columbia River Basin. The Columbia River is the largest river in the Pacific Northwest. The River and its tributaries provide significant ecological and economic benefits to the Pa-cific Northwest and the entire United States. Historically, the Columbia and its tributaries have constituted the largest salmon-producing river system in the world, with annual returns peaking at 16 million fish. 
The Columbia River was designated an Es-
tuary of National Significance in 1995 and a Large Aquatic Ecosystem (LAE) by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 2006. Yet it remains the only LAE to receive zero Congressional funding pursuant to this des-ignation—despite a growing problem of toxic contamination throughout the River Basin. 
Toxic contaminants are present throughout 
the Columbia River Basin and are harmful to public health and ecosystem health. These contaminants make their way into fish tissues, which when consumed can be damaging to human health. Some of these toxics are known to increase cancer risks and have been linked with neurological, developmental and reproductive problems, including birth defects and learning disabilities. This concern is par-ticularly pressing for tribal populations, who rely on local fish as a dietary and cultural sta-ple and consume large quantities of resident fish. In wildlife, contaminants increase mor-tality and disease susceptibility and impair re-production and the ability of the fish to avoid predators. 
In 2013, the States of Oregon and Wash-
ington issued fish advisories warning the pub-lic to protect itself against mercury and PCB contamination by limiting consumption of resi-dent fish species living in the 150 mile stretch of river between Bonneville and McNary Dams. 
This bill authorizes the EPA to establish a 
voluntary, competitive Columbia River Basin grants program to support projects aimed at reducing pollution, cleaning up contaminated sites, improving water quality, monitoring the Basin, and promoting citizen engagement. Eli-gible entities may include States, tribal and local governments, nonprofits, and private landowners. The legislation authorizes $50 million per year for five years for this effort, which is estimated to create between 700 and 1,000 family wage jobs per year in the region. 
The Columbia River is the lifeblood of the 
Pacific Northwest, but it has become dan-gerously polluted. It is time to clean up the Columbia River and improve water quality and river health for generations to come. IN RECOGNITION OF COL. ALFRED 
ROBERT FRENCH II 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
salute, congratulate and recognize Col. Alfred Robert French II, M.D., for his distinguished military career and years of dedicated service to our nation as we celebrate his upcoming 89th birthday. 
Col. French II was raised in Bisbee, AZ and 
attended Bisbee High School, Wentworth Mili-tary Academy and Valley Forge Military Acad-emy, graduating in 1944. Upon graduation, Col. French sought immediate induction into 
the U.S. Army and his journey in the service of our nation began in a crowded ship that left Brooklyn, New York, bound for Le Havre, France. 
Upon arrival, Col. French II was requi-
sitioned by the 61st Signal Battalion of the Third Army and began his service as a driver and a courier in Eider Oberstein, Germany. On occasion, he would drive through Ger-many, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxemburg and France, all in one day. He also spent time in the Saar Protectorate, and then moved to Neckersulm, Germany, where he served as a Guard in a Displaced Persons (DP) camp. 
Col. French was eventually transferred to 
Heidelberg, Germany and assigned to the 79th field Artillery group. There, Col. French II had the honor of attending General Patton’s funeral service. 
Col. French II returned to Phoenix, AZ, and 
studied at the University of Arizona. Soon after, however, he decided to continue his service to our country by reenlisting in the Army. He was deployed to Japan with the Army of Occupation and subsequently partici-pated in the first battle of the Korean War as part of Task Force Smith, the first U.S. ground maneuver unit to enter combat in Korea. 
Throughout his years of service, Col. French 
II has won numerous awards and distinctions, including the Bronze Star Medal, the Combat Infantry Badge, the Korean Service Medal, and the UN Service Medal. 
After the war, Col. French II returned to 
Phoenix, AZ, and utilized the G.I. Bill to re-ceive a B.S. from Arizona State University. He later graduated from Tulane Medical School with a specialty in Ophthalmology in 1959 and joined his father, Harry French, M.D., in pri-vate practice. Col. French II joined the Army National Guard in 1976 and served until 1993. 
Mr. Speaker, Col. Alfred French II is a proud 
member of the Greatest Generation. He fought for our freedom in two different wars and has lived a life defined by service and integrity. I am deeply honored to recognize all that Col. French II has achieved and pleased to con-gratulate him as he celebrates his 89th birth-day. 
f 
HONORING COACH BILL 
GUTHRIDGE 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I come to the floor today to honor the memory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.003 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E758 May 20, 2015 
of Bill Guthridge, long-time basketball coach at 
UNC-Chapel Hill, a skilled and dedicated men-tor and leader on and off the court. 
Bill is best remembered for his illustrious 
coaching career. He won two national cham-pionships in three decades alongside Coach Dean Smith, and he was an assistant coach on the gold medal-winning 1976 Olympic bas-ketball team. After Dean retired, Bill was named head coach of the Tar Heels and took Carolina to two Final Fours in three seasons. All told, he played or coached in more Final Fours than anyone else in NCAA history. 
Bill was content to operate behind the 
scenes, and he liked to tell the story that he and his wife Leesie enjoyed an anniversary dinner in Chapel Hill the night before he took over for Coach Smith without being recog-nized by a single student or basketball fan. 
But anyone who knew anything about Caro-
lina basketball understood the critical contribu-tion that Bill made to the program, and his passing on May 12 has brought forth a torrent of fond memories and tributes. 
Those tributes include an appreciation for 
the remarkable role Bill and Leesie have played in the community of Chapel Hill since their arrival in 1967. I have personally appre-ciated their encouragement and counsel, and my wife and I have admired the generosity with which they have extended themselves to support numerous good and visionary causes. As a former UNC student, I particularly appre-ciate their efforts to renovate and modernize the Undergraduate Library through the cre-ation of the William W. and Elise P. Guthridge Library Fund. 
I am not alone in appreciating Bill 
Guthridge’s contribution to our community. Ask anyone who knew him—and many who didn’t—and you will hear about his quiet devo-tion to the students he coached, his loyalty to his colleagues and friends, and his commit-ment to community betterment. 
I feel very fortunate to have called Bill 
Guthridge a friend, and I am honored to pay tribute to his many contributions and the last-ing impact they have made on the University and the community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 240 through 242. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes 
on #240, yes on #241, and yes on #242. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF 2015 EASTERN 
AREA CONFERENCE OF THE LINKS, INCORPORATED 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, from April 22nd 
through April 26th, 2015, The Eastern Area of the Links, Incorporated hosted their 43rd East-ern Area Conference at the elegant Foxwoods Resort and Casino in Connecticut. This year’s conference theme ‘‘Leveraging the Legacy of 
Friendship and Service’’ is apropos as we congratulate the 2015 Eastern Area Con-ference Co-Chairs Sister Links Price and Wil-son for organizing this annual meeting. The Eastern Area of the Links is comprised of 73 chapters in the states of Connecticut, Dela-ware, the District of Columbia, Maryland, Mas-sachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Pennsyl-vania, Rhode Island, and Virginia. 
As one of the nation’s oldest and largest 
volunteer service organizations of extraor-dinary women, the Links are committed to en-riching, sustaining and ensuring the culture and economic survival of African Americans and other persons of African ancestry. With a membership of 12,000 professional women of color, which also includes my beautiful wife Alma Rangel and my daughter Alicia, the Links Incorporated has established 274 chap-ters in forty-two states and in three sovereign nations. 
Throughout my public and political career, I 
have witnessed the astonishing work and out-standing community service provided by The Eastern Area of the Links, which has attracted hundreds of distinguished individual achievers 
and accomplished women of color, who con-tinue to make a difference for our most vulner-able communities in the Eastern States of our Nation. Today, under the leadership of East-ern Area Director Dianne S. Hardison, the out-standing programming of the Eastern Area of the Links, Incorporated has five facets which include Services to Youth, The Arts, National Trends and Services, International Trends and Services, and Health and Human Services. 
The Eastern Area of the Links initiated a 
Women’s Issues Program, under the Chair-manship of Dr. Marcella Maxwell that evolved into a National Trends Facet Component. The focus of the Women’s Issues Program for 2013–2015 was to honor and empower Women who have served in our Nation’s Armed Forces as they transitioned from mili-tary life to civilian life. The Eastern Area Links initiated programs to mentor, educate, train, and employ women veterans as they transitioned from Combat to Corporate. 
Partnering with Dress For Success, FedEx, 
Citi Corporation, Home Depot, Macy’s, College and Universities; and veteran organizations such as the 369th Veterans’ Association, New York City Mayor’s Office of Military Affairs, Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Le-gion, Temple University, Syracuse University, Philadelphia Community College, Medgar Evers College, York College, and the Borough of Manhattan College of the City University of New York, the Eastern Area of the Links Com-bat to Corporate program has successfully given women veterans, many of whom are single mothers and homeless the opportunity to achieve the American dream and raise their families with dignity and resources. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my es-
teemed colleagues of the great Eastern States of our Union join me in recognition of the 2015 Eastern Area Conference of the Links, Incor-porated, which has focused its mission to sup-port Women Veterans From Combat to Cor-porate and Women in the Armed Forces that continue to serve our Country proudly and with distinction today. REMEMBERING MAURIE BERMAN 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
remember and honor the life of an important and respected member of the Chicago com-munity. 
On May 17th we lost a local legend. Mr. 
Maurie Berman, founder of the famous Superdawg passed away at the age of 89. 
After serving his nation in WWII, Mr. Ber-
man returned to Chicago to serve his commu-nity. His vision was to serve delicious Chicago style hotdogs without customers even having to leave their cars. In May 1948, Maurie and his wife, Flaurie, opened the first Superdawg at the end of the streetcar line at Devon and Milwaukee Avenues in Chicago. It would be one of the first drive-in restaurants of its time with Flaurie as the first car-hop. 
Almost 60 years later, and countless hungry 
people fed, Superdawg has become a Chi-cago institution. The business has been passed down from generation to generation with Maurie’s great-granddaughter putting in her first shift just a few weeks ago. 
Mr. Berman was known not only for serving 
one of the best hotdogs, but also for being a truly caring person. He was a loving husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather, friend as well as a highly respected member of his community. Maurie never missed an oppor-tunity to help his employees in times of need. 
I ask my fellow colleagues to join me in 
honoring and celebrating the life and accom-plishments of Mr. Maurie Berman. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 2014 FAIRFAX 
COUNTY LAND CONSERVATION AND TREE PRESERVATION AWARDEES 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the recipients of Fairfax County 2014 Land Conservation and Tree Preservation and Planting Awards. Fairfax County is considered one of the best counties in the nation in which to live, work, and raise a family. One reason for this designation is the innovative environ-mental protection policies that have been im-plemented by the County and embraced by its business partners, and I was pleased to have led that effort during my tenure as Chairman of the Board of Supervisors. These awards recognize the following developers, designers, and site superintendents, who have excelled in their stewardship of the environment: 
LARGE COMMERCIAL : CINDER BED ROAD BUS  
DIVISION  
Owner: Washington Metropolitan Area 
Transit Authority 
Project Manager: Fred Robertson Superintendent: Denver Callahan Contractor: Strittmatter Contracting, LLC Engineer: Wendel Site Inspector: Jim Getts 
LARGE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL : GAMBRILL  
POINTE  
Owner: Brookfield Ridge Road, LLC 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.008 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E759 May 20, 2015 
Project Manager: Scott Gookin & James T. 
Devine 
Superintendent: Donnie Stewart & Billy 
Huff 
Contractor: William A. Hazel, Inc. Engineer: Land Design Consultants, Inc. Site Inspector: Keith Anthony 
SMALL SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL : ABBOTS  
WOOD  
Owner: Palisades Development, LLC 
Project Manager: Mike Dropik Superintendent: Donnie Stewart & Billy 
Huff 
Contractor: William A. Hazel, Inc. Engineer: Walter L. Phillips, Inc. Site Inspector: Jim Getts 
INFILL LOT : 9022 FALLS RUN ROAD , MCLEAN  
Owner: Joe & Sarah Shamess 
Project Manager: Ross Richmond Superintendent: Rich Shaffer Contractor: Joy Custom Design Build, 
LLC. 
Engineer: LS2 PC Engineering Site Inspector: Frank Degboe Outstanding Engineering Firms: Wendel 
(Cinder Bed Road Bus Division) 
Outstanding Superintendent: Clarke 
Newbill and Billy Huff (Gambrill Pointe) 
Outstanding Contractor: Strittmatter Con-
tracting, LLC (Cinder Bed Road Bus Divi-sion) 
Outstanding Developer/Owner: Washington 
Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (Cinder Bed Road Bus Division) 
Certificate of Voluntary Merit: Jackson 
Ayers, Member of Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1539, Eagle Scout Service Project 
Best Protected Environmentally Sensitive 
Site: Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (Cinder Bed Road Bus Division) 
Outstanding E/S Inspectors of the Year: 
Frank Degboe (North Branch), Jorge Tagle (Central Branch), Jim Getts (South Branch) 
Outstanding E/S Plan Reviewers of the 
Year: Roshna Gafoor (North Branch), Jen-nifer Vargas (Central Branch), Ambachew Nigatu (South Branch) 
TREE PLANTING AWARDS : 
Project: Capital One—Rt. 123 Median and 
Tree Transplanting 
Developer: Capital One Design: William H. Gordon and Associates, 
Inc. 
Landscaper: Ruppert Landscape, Inc. 
Davis/Gilford Construction 
Project: East Market at Fair Lake, Phase 
III 
Developer: Peterson Companies Design: Lewis Scully Gionet TWS Designs, 
Inc. 
Landscaper: KT Enterprises 
Project: Jennings Toyota 
Developer: Chesapeake Contracting Group Design: Walter L. Phillips, Inc. Landscaper: Live Green 
Project: Newington DVS Maintenance Fa-
cility 
Developer: EE Reed Construction Design: Adtek Engineers Landscaper: Blake Landscapes 
TREE PRESERVATION AWARD RECIPIENTS : 
Project: National Library for the Study of 
George Washington 
Developer: Mount Vernon Ladies’ Associa-
tion 
Engineer: Rummel Klepper & Kahl Tree Preservation Consultant: The Care of 
Trees 
Tree Preservation Contractor: Bartlett 
Tree Experts 
Project: The Preserve at Scott’s Run 
Builder: Stanley Martin Homes Engineer: Land Design Consultants Tree Preservation Consultant: Zimar & As-
sociates Project: Unitarian Universalist Congrega-
tion of Fairfax 
Developer: UUCF Engineer: Bowman Consulting Group, Ltd Tree Preservation Consultant: Davey Re-
source Group 
Tree Preservation Contractor: The Care of 
Trees 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating these honorees. Fairfax County and its residents have benefitted greatly from the collaborative spirit that is rep-resented by these awards today, and I thank each of the awardees for their efforts. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE TOM LANTOS 
FOUNDATION FOR HUMAN RIGHTS ANNUAL SOLIDARITY SABBATH 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Tom Lantos Foundation for Human Rights’ annual Solidarity Sabbath. Held on May 22, 2015, this trans-Atlantic event provides a timely and unique framework within which leaders here in the United States and Europe can express solidarity with the Jewish community at a time when acts of so-cial cohesion are more urgent than ever. 
The Solidarity Sabbath encourages leaders 
of all faiths, races, and backgrounds to band together in support of Jewish communities across North America and Europe by partici-pating in a range of Sabbath services and re-
lated activities. In the current geo-political cli-mate, where we have seen the ugly resur-gence of anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial, particularly in Europe, it is imperative that we unite against intolerance and baseless hatred. I urge leaders both at home and abroad to participate in this important event and stand up for tolerance, peace and co-existence. When leaders of diverse backgrounds come together in defense of fundamental human rights, all of our communities are the bene-ficiaries. 
Indeed, this Solidarity Sabbath initiative is 
most timely. Sadly, in the past few months we have witnessed a dramatic surge in anti-Se-mitic incidents across Europe, including the January murders of four Jewish customers at a kosher supermarket in Paris, and the murder of a Jewish man guarding a synagogue in Co-penhagen in February. Painful, vivid memories are being resurrected as Jewish communities around Europe are once again living under the cloud of social hostility, embarrassment and violent threats. 
It is imperative that we stand with the Jew-
ish community and demand that our European allies work diligently and without delay to con-front and put an end to these heinous acts. Hatred and persecution based on race or reli-gion have no place in our world. Each and every one of us has the responsibility to make our own communities safer and more tolerant. 
For this very reason, I am pleased to have 
recently introduced a bipartisan resolution with Representative R
OBERT DOLD of Illinois to 
combat the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe, which encourages our European friends to counter this disturbing trend while also com-mitting the United States to abetting this effort in every way possible. Mr. Speaker, the power of togetherness 
cannot be overemphasized. Indeed, it is the bond shared by those of us dedicated to love and tolerance that will form the basis upon which we will defeat bigotry and demagoguery in all of its forms. I urge my colleagues to stand with me in this important expression of tolerance and co-existence. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERIFF MICHAEL 
‘‘MIKE’’ SCROGGINS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life of Sheriff Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Scroggins, a devoted civil servant and long-time political leader in Delaware County. 
Mike is a lifelong Hoosier and leaves behind 
a legacy of public service in our state. After nearly 30 years as a police officer, including 11 years as a Uniform Division Commander, he ran successfully for Delaware County Sher-iff in both 2010 and 2014. He is also a proud graduate of the respected FBI National Acad-emy. 
He devoted his entire adult life to protecting 
and bettering his community and for that he will always be remembered. Sheriff Scroggins was a member of Whitney Lodge #229, the In-diana Sheriff’s Association, and the Mt. Olive Community Church. He was also actively in-volved with the Delaware County Council, making public appearances regularly to advo-cate for his officers and his department. In his free time, Mike enjoyed fishing trips and spending time with his family. 
Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of 
Mike Scroggins. My thoughts and prayers go out to Mike’s family, and may God comfort those left behind with his peace and strength. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
memorialize and record a courageous story of survival of the Armenian Genocide. The Arme-nian Genocide, perpetrated by the Ottoman Empire from 1915 to 1923, resulted in the death of 1.5 million Armenian men, women, and children. As the U.S. Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, Henry Morgenthau docu-mented at the time, it was a campaign of ‘‘race extermination.’’ 
The campaign to annihilate the Armenian 
people failed, as illustrated by the proud Ar-menian nation and prosperous diaspora. It is difficult if not impossible to find an Armenian family not touched by the genocide, and while there are some survivors still with us, it is im-perative that we record their stories. Through the Armenian Genocide Congressional Record Project, I hope to document the harrowing sto-ries of the survivors in an effort to preserve their accounts and to help educate the Mem-bers of Congress now and in the future of the necessity of recognizing the Armenian Geno-cide. Below is one of those stories: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.012 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E760 May 20, 2015 
FROM ARSHALOUS DARBINYAN , ANARMENIAN  
WOMAN , ONBEHALF OF HERFATHER , 
BABKEN VARDANI DARBINYAN , AND GRAND -
PARENTS . ARSHALOUS MARKARI DARBINYAN  
ANDVARDAN SARKISI DARBINYAN  
Arshalous Markari Darbinyan was happily 
married to Vardan Sarkisi Darbinyan. The Darbinyans were one of the wealthy families of Van. They were well respected community intellectual leaders. In the spring of 1915, at the time of deportation and forced relocation Arshalous Darbinyan was an expectant mother. Andranik Zorava (a very close friend of the family) personally appointed one of his assistants to deliver a carriage to the Darbinyan residence. They left everything behind, the house and most of their belong-ings. In a chaotic rush they were forced to even bury their gold and most of the jewelry in their garden, and left behind the phar-macy they owned. The handmade carpets and rugs, and furniture were stuffed in the wine cellar, as they naively believed that once ev-erything settled they would return home. 
Unfortunately, when they were halfway 
there in the middle of the road the carriage flipped over. Arshalous was injured the most. She lost her baby. Also, she received several injuries on her face. Her husband, though in pain himself did his best to help cope with the situation. They suffered emotionally and physically, went through hardships, eyewitnessed the genocide and were lucky enough to survive. They were separated from their siblings, and the family was scattered around the world. Some of them ended up in Fresno, CA and the rest settled in Armenia. 
f 
CITATION TO RECOGNIZE BRIGA-
DIER GENERAL DENNIS D. DOYLE, DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, G–3/5/7, OFFICE OF THE SURGEON GENERAL, U.S. ARMY 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, we cannot 
thank our public servants enough for the job that they do for this country day in and day out. The Federal Government simply cannot function properly without good leaders who are committed to the world and security of our Nation. 
BG Dennis Doyle distinguished himself by 
exceptionally meritorious service and superb achievements to the Office of the Surgeon General and the United States Army from 1 November 2005 to 1 November 2015 while serving in a succession of several high posi-tions of great importance. His outstanding leadership, passionate pursuit of excellence, and tireless efforts greatly contributed to the overall readiness of the Army, the trans-formation of Army Medicine to a System for Health and the delivery of high quality health care to our Armed Forces. During his tenure as Commander of the 10th Combat Support Hospital (CSH) in Fort Carson, Colorado, BG Doyle was hand selected to also command the 43rd Area Support Group (Rear) while the 4th Infantry Division deployed. He superbly commanded both organizations ensuring the Group sustained a high level of readiness in support of Fort Carson tenant units. He proved a staunch supporter to the installation, com-munity, and all post operations supporting de-ployed Fort Carson units in combat. While de-ployed with the 10th CSH, BG Doyle delivered world class combat health care for nearly 
40,000 patients, which included 4,000 admis-sions and over 8,500 operating room proce-dures with many of these involving the most difficult combat trauma cases in the world. His success in this tremendously challenging mis-sion was recognized as magnificent not only by his chain of command but also by the U.S. Ambassador, the Commander of Multinational Forces-Iraq, the Commander of Multinational Coalition-Iraq, the Iraqi Prime Minister, and many U.S. and Iraqi government officials. BG Doyle served as the Deputy Commander for Administration at Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC). During that time, Walter Reed was the largest military treatment facility in the Department of Defense and flagship for Army Medicine and Home of Warrior Care. During his tenure, BG Doyle’s results-oriented approach ensured the command’s success in every facet of customer service, operations, personnel readiness, and adequacy of human and monetary capital. He oversaw the estab-lishment of a one stop welcome center to ease the logistical burden for our Warfighters and their Family Members. His keen adminis-trative acumen and innovative problem solving were the driving force in over $24M in facility renovations, $4M in housekeeping service en-hancements, improved logistics customer re-sponse times, and the establishment of a 24/ 7 operations cell. 
Following Walter Reed, BG Doyle was cen-
trally selected to command the 30th Medical 
Command (MEDCOM) in Germany. Despite assuming command just nine days before de-ploying to Operation Enduring Freedom, Af-ghanistan, BG Doyle expertly led his team to quickly assume its critical role as the first The-ater Medical Command for Afghanistan, Task Force 30th MEDCOM. Combat seasoned, cre-ative, articulate, technically and tactically pro-ficient, and solution oriented, BG Doyle con-sistently provided sound, balanced operational advice as the medical Task Force Commander and USFOR–A Surgeon. His joint service command assessed the USFOR–A medical in-frastructure and organization and took action to ensure the finest care was provided for all U.S., Coalition, and Afghan forces by a delib-erate redistribution of scarce medical re-sources. He directed a comprehensive anal-ysis of health service support for Regional Command West expansion efforts resulting in the development of force request that met the regional commander’s need. BG Doyle led a joint team that provided unmatched combat health service support across the Combined Joint Operations Area—Afghanistan and deliv-ered the highest war time survival rates up to that point in the conflict. A strategic thinker, BG Doyle also forged solid international rela-tions with ISAF medical partners and host Na-tion assets to ensure unity of effect and effort for all medical assets in the area of responsi-bility. After Europe, the Surgeon General hand selected BG Doyle to command the William Beaumont Medical Center (WBAMC) in Fort Bliss, Texas. During this period, he also served as the Deputy Commanding General (DCG)—Readiness for Western Regional Medical Command (WRMC) and Chief of the Medical Service Corps. BG Doyle quickly transformed the William Beaumont culture to fully support the Fort Bliss transition from a TRADOC installation to the Army’s largest and busiest FORSCOM power projection platform. He exploited partnering with the Veterans’ Af-fairs for a mutually efficient use of limited re-
sources resulting in the award of the largest Fiscal Year 12 VA/DOD Joint Incentive Fund project valued at over $5M. His team also opened a new WTB campus, established a collocated Integrated Disability Evaluation Sys-tem site, and launched Embedded Behavioral Health, and Child and Family Assistance Cen-ters. The Surgeon General recognized BG Doyle as a transformational leader and once again hand picked him to command the Pa-cific Regional Medical Command knowing that he possessed all the skill sets required to di-rect and influence the right Army Medicine ca-pabilities in support of the Army’s and DoD’s rebalancing strategy. He was also designated as Commanding General, Tripler Army Med-ical Center, U.S. Army Pacific Surgeon, Chief, Medical Service Corps, and Manager for the Hawaii enhanced Multi-Service Market (eMSM). His overall performance and con-tributions were nothing short of stellar. 
Balancing five hats, he effective established 
connections, and strengthened and influenced strategic partnerships with PACOM countries including Korea, Japan, Philippines and Thai-land. His PRMC team provided unmatched support to USARPAC and USPACOM inter-ests in the Asia-Pacific. His strategic leader-ship inspired trust in the health system throughout the Pacific achieving consistent pa-tient satisfaction rates of over 85 percent. In addition, PRMC’s Integrative Pain Manage-ment Center ranked as the best in the Army 
because of the close clinical collaboration with multiple disciplines and an emphasis on weaning Soldiers off their pain medication drugs. PRMC was recognized as one of the most productive Regional Medical Commands exceeding patient safety standards and quality measures as well as leading the way in an ex-ternal accreditation survey and Risk Manage-ment oversight spanning the entire PACOM area of responsibility with facilities in Korea, Japan, and Hawaii. The Surgeon General per-sonally selected BG Doyle to serve as her Deputy Chief of Staff, G–3/5/7 based on unequalled operational experience, strategic acumen and proven leadership. His trans-formative excellence was deemed an impera-tive during a period of significant cultural and organizational transformation. Upon assuming his role, BG Doyle was immediately faced with operationalizing The Surgeon General’s trans-formation from a healthcare system to a Sys-tem for Health. He infused irreversible mo-mentum in promoting the Performance Triad, the primary mechanism to influence readiness and health by targeting Sleep, Activity and Nu-trition behaviors for Soldiers, Family members and all 3.9 million beneficiaries. In the Total Army Force concept, BG Doyle has also been instrumental in driving toward COMPO 2 and implementation with full support from the Chief of the Army Reserve and Army National Guard. The nuances of implementation in the Reserve Components have been fully ex-plored to ensure that this is executable for our Citizen Soldiers. Furthermore, BG Doyle’s operational perspective was instrumental in ensuring the direct correlation of Army Medi-cine command structures with supported Army Corps and ASCC commanders. The decisions currently being enacted represent the largest organizational changes in the past few dec-ades and will ensure that MEDCOM is a bal-anced, agile and streamlined organization pos-tured to support Army Force 2025 and Beyond 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.015 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E761 May 20, 2015 
concepts. In parallel with the command’s de-
liberate, strategic initiatives, BG Doyle served as the single mission command focal point synchronizing and integrating TSG/CG, MEDCOM command guidance for the com-mand despite geographic dispersion across five continents and supporting roles to COCOMs and ASCCs. This superb oper-ational coordination/synchronization was ac-complished through the Army’s largest Direct Reporting Unit, a complex, integrated Army- wide health service system. BG Doyle’s bold, transformational leadership was the driving force for the brilliant translation of command intent and communication throughout the staff and major subordinate commands and was af-fected in an extremely dynamic environment immediately following OTSG/MEDCOM OneStaff reorganization. His passionate desire to lead the preeminent healthcare force in the world: the best led, trained and equipped for without peer, has raised the collective skill level and efforts of the entire headquarters. As a result of tireless, direct engagement on the part of BG Doyle, the command now functions with superior efficiency in establishing core or functional crisis action teams and integrated process action teams to respond to a wide array of complex problem sets. All of Army Medicine’s System for Health efforts are grounded in the imperative to optimize per-formance. Every provider to patient interaction will be viewed through the lens of improving the development, performance, resilience and accelerated rehabilitation of the Professional Soldier Athlete. Through his efforts BG Doyle has established the MEDCOM G–3/5/7 func-tion as the preeminent staff element of its kind in support of the Army’s largest direct report-ing unit. He has ensured the success of the MEDCOM through the essential task of syn-chronizing the efforts of the command and communicating the mission, vision and intent of the commander. His impact on this com-mand and the Army is immeasurable. BG Doyle represents the very best of Army and Nation. 
Brigadier General Doyle’s distinctive accom-
plishments reflect the highest credit upon him-self and the Department of Defense.’’ 
f 
FORECLOSURE PROTECTION FOR 
MILITARY SERVICEMEMBERS LEGISLATION 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, as our econ-
omy continues to recover, some military servicemembers, particularly those leaving ac-tive duty, are facing financial challenges, such as finding new employment, among other things. Additionally, a slow recovering real-es-tate market in some areas of the country can make it difficult for military members to sell their homes or purchase new ones upon re-ceiving new orders. 
That’s why I’m introducing legislation today, 
with the gentleman from Washington, Mr. D
ENNY HECK, to provide a one year extension 
of foreclosure protection for military servicemembers leaving active duty. In 2014, Congress extended the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act protection against foreclosure for military personnel to a year post-military serv-
ice to help give servicemembers time to get on their feet financially and avoid the stress of potentially losing their home. These financial challenges still exist for many servicememebers, particularly those reacclimating to civilian life after serving abroad. 
Our nation’s military personnel are the best 
in the world, willingly putting their lives on the lines to protect our freedoms every day. The least we can do for them is to ensure they have a home when they leave active duty service. 
The gentleman from Washington, Mr. H
ECK, 
and I are pleased to be introducing this bill today. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NORA TRAMPE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Nora Trampe upon winning the Congressional Art Competition in the 3rd Congressional District of Iowa. Nora, a senior at Roosevelt High School, is the daughter of Dr. Kate Garst of Des Moines, Iowa. 
The Congressional Art Competition, ‘‘An Ar-
tistic Discovery,’’ is open to high school stu-dents nationwide. Since 1982, the competition has been an opportunity for Members of Con-gress to encourage and recognize the artistic talents of their young constituents. The winner is selected by a panel of 16 judges, one from each county in Iowa’s 3rd District. 
Nora’s piece, ‘‘100% Awesome,’’ was 
named the winner out of over 75 entries. It is a unique and creative piece that symbolizes all the things that make Iowa such a special place. Nora’s creativity and dedication to her craft is admirable. The example set by this young woman demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and sharing them with the world. ‘‘100% Awesome’’ will be dis-played in the halls of the Capitol for all to ad-mire and enjoy. 
I commend Nora for her artistic talents and 
I know that my colleagues in the United States Congress will join me in congratulating her for being chosen as the winner of the Congres-sional Art Competition in the 3rd Congres-sional District of Iowa. It is an honor to serve Iowans like Nora and I wish her the best of luck in her future academic and artistic en-deavors. 
f 
THANKS JIM CARR FOR YOUR 
YEARS OF SERVICE TO SPRING VALLEY LAKE 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank James H. Carr aka ‘‘Jim Carr’’ who is being recognized for his many years of service to the Spring Valley Lake Community and the Spring Valley Lake Country Club. 1980 was the beginning of the Carr family’s 
life at Spring Valley Lake and Spring Valley Lake Country Club. After completion of Jim’s ‘‘SVL weekender home’’ in 1980 the first 8 years of weekends were like ‘‘mini-vacations’’ of fishing, and golf with little thought as to the ramifications of both national and local political decisions being made. 
Decisions made in 1988 would force Jim to 
become involved and protective of his ‘‘golf and fishing paradise’’ when it was learned George AFB would be closed. Then in 1990 the Country Club lost more members with the departure of the ‘‘Wild Weasel’’ Air Force squadron from George AFB. 
Jim became concerned the Country Club 
would not survive and had several conversa-tions with the new general manager Greg Davis. In one of the conversations Greg Davis stated his mission directed by Mr. Dedman Sr. was to turn the club around or it would be sold by ClubCorp. It was at that time Jim was asked to Chair the Board of Governors of the Club. 
In late 2002 Jim became more active in the 
Spring Valley Lake Home Owners Association when contacted by a small group of residents that had become aware of deficit spending by the Association. The only solution was to find and elect people to the Association Board with financial/business experience and the will to make tough financial decisions. It took several years, but with the help of many concerned citizens the Association became financially sound and well managed. 
I wish Jim the best in his retirement. The 
Eighth District of California and Spring Valley Lake are thankful for your service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JAMES T. POWELL 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, we have all 
had teachers who were inspirations as well as educators. For twenty seven years, James T. Powell was that kind of teacher at my alma mater, Wake Forest University. I would like to pay personal tribute to Professor Powell—who is retiring this year. 
I can say, from personal experience, the 
years a young man or woman spends at Wake Forest shapes the rest of their lives— whether they’re recalling burning the midnight oil, pouring over the literature of ‘‘The An-cients,’’ or watching Rodney Rogers race down the basketball court. 
Back when I was a student, studying the 
‘‘Iliad’’ and ‘‘Odyssey’’ were not the most pop-ular subjects on campus—but Professor Pow-ell always kept packed lecture halls. 
He was not only applauded and revered by 
his students and fellow professors—he was also formally recognized for his service, being awarded the Reid-Doyle Prize for Excellence in Teaching in 1996, the Award for Excellence in Advising in 2003, and the Kulynych Family Omicron Delta Kappa Award for Contributions to Student Life. 
Professor Powell was also a leader in many 
campus groups—Phi Beta Kappa, Secretary to the Faculty, the Judicial Council—where he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.016 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E762 May 20, 2015 
served as Chairman—the Reynolds Scholar-
ship Committee, the First-Year Seminar Com-mittee, Divinity School Accreditation Com-mittee and Dean of the College Search Com-mittee. 
Mr. Speaker, like many young men and 
women who attended Wake Forest, I am hon-ored and proud to say I studied under Pro-fessor James Powell. 
f 
H.R. 2408, THE USA FREEDOM ACT 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 2048, the USA Freedom Act. This bill makes important improvements to the PA-TRIOT Act, including to Section 2154, which is the underpinning of the National Security Agency’s (NSA) nationwide bulk collection pro-gram. 
Yet a ruling last week by the Second Circuit 
found that the bulk collection of phone records under this section violated the law. The right to privacy is a fundamental American value. And it is clear that the practice of unconstitu-tional bulk data collection endangers that right. Last week’s court decision underscores this— and makes clear that more robust surveillance reforms are needed. While the USA Freedom Act is a good step forward, it does not go far enough. And I recognize the hard work of my good friend and colleague, Ranking Member J
OHN CONYERS , JR., on this important bill. 
More than thirteen years after the passage of the PATRIOT Act, Congress must do more to balance our national security with the protec-tion of our civil liberties. 
The USA Freedom Act should include more 
robust protections to prevent the surveillance of individuals with no nexus to terrorism or any specific investigation. This would ensure ade-quate protections against indiscriminate sur-veillance from the government and ensure that Section 215 cannot be used to collect Ameri-cans’ records unrelated to any specific inves-tigation. We should also be working for more robust minimization procedures to ensure that information collected under Section 215 is not stored in databases for years. This type of provision was included in a previous version of this bill and must be restored. We should also work to limit additional authorities outside of Section 215 that have been used to collect Americans’ records in bulk. We know that the government has used other authorities—such as administrative subpoena laws—to collect Americans’ records in bulk. And finally, H.R. 2048 should be amended to ensure that the government does not use authorities under Section 702 as a backdoor to conduct surveil-lance on Americans. Section 702 allows the government to intercept contents of Ameri-cans’ electronic communications with individ-uals abroad—and stores them in a database— without a warrant. Reforms to Section 702 should be included in this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleagues for 
working in bipartisan manner on this bill. Yet I believe that additional reforms were needed to adequately protect Americans’ fundamental right to privacy. More than 13 years after the PATRIOT Act was first passed into law, it is time for Congress to let Section 215 expire and work toward serious and meaningful sur-
veillance reform. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on May 18, 2015, 
my flight was delayed and I was unable to vote on H.R. 91. 
If present, I would have vote ‘‘yea’’ on H.R. 
91. 
f 
H.R. 36 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in strong opposition to H.R. 36. This bill would ban abortions after 20 weeks without an ade-quate exception to protect a woman’s health— a violation of Roe V. Wade—and would im-pose unreasonable burdens on rape and in-cest survivors. The legislation is the latest at-tack by House Republicans on women’s health, and what’s even more insulting is that they brought it to the floor during Women’s Health Week. 
H.R. 36 would deny a woman the right to an 
abortion even if she is experiencing serious medical complications from pregnancy, or her physician is unable to diagnose her fetus with severe and lethal anomalies until after 20 weeks. These anomalies frequently lead to fetal death before or shortly after birth. More-over, by imposing criminal penalties on physi-cians who provide abortion care, the bill would eventually lead to the deterioration of the crit-ical patient-doctor relationship. 
As you know, Republicans pulled an earlier 
version of this after a clash in their caucus over the exception for adult rape survivors which would require women to report the crime to law enforcement before they could get an abortion. That language has been modified to require rape survivors to seek and provide documentation of medical treatment or counseling 48 hours prior to an abortion. The bill also includes unfair reporting and docu-mentation requirements for minors who have survived rape and incest. Without a doubt these barriers are deliberately designed to re-strict a women’s right to choose. 
I’m pleased to see a range of organizations 
voice strong opposition to this bill including the American College of Obstetricians and Gyne-cologists, American Nurses Association, Amer-ican Public Health Association, NARAL Pro- Choice American, Planned Parenthood Fed-eration of America, National Organization for Women, National Women’s Law Center, Na-tional Council of Jewish Women, and others. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand 
up for women’s health and oppose this bill. RECOGNIZING THE VOLUNTEERS 
OF THE SHEPHERD’S CENTER OF OAKTON-VIENNA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the volunteers of the Shepherd’s Cen-ter of Oakton-Vienna and to thank them for their many contributions to the Northern Vir-ginia community. Organized in 1997, the Shepherd’s Center of Oakton-Vienna (SCOV) is a non-profit that provides services to help older adults continue living independently, and it offers programs that supply opportunities for enrichment, learning, and socialization. 
Every year, approximately 200 volunteers 
support older residents who want to age in place in their homes and stay engaged in so-cial activities. Services are available free of charge to anyone age 50 or older who resides in the local community. 
Last year was a particularly successful year 
for SCOV. In 2014, drivers provided over 1100 round-trip rides for medical reasons and other errands. Volunteers made regular contact with individuals who may have limited interaction and may feel isolated in their homes. ‘‘Handy Helpers’’ made minor home repairs to help older adults keep their homes safe and livable. The Health Team provided individual health counseling, referral to community resources, and blood pressure readings. Volunteers also run programs such as Lunch n’ Life, Adven-tures in Learning, trips and outings, special events, and caregivers’ support groups. All told, SCOV served more than 3000 individuals in 2014. For these accomplishments, SCOV was recognized as 2014 Outstanding Volun-teer Caregiving Program by the National Vol-unteer Caregiving Network. 
The services and programs offered by this 
extraordinary organization help to ensure that our seniors stay connected to the community through promotion of active lifestyles, ongoing social integration, and availability of resources for older residents to use their experience, training, and skills in significant roles in soci-ety. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in recognizing the Shepherd Center of Oakton-Vienna for its work to enable older adults in our community to age in place and enjoy their golden years with dignity and inde-pendence. I thank the many volunteers who generously dedicate their time and efforts to the welfare of our neighbors. The value of their contributions cannot be overstated and are deserving of our highest praise. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF VIR-
GINIA AIR NATIONAL GUARD BRIGADIER GENERAL WAYNE A. WRIGHT 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and thank Brigadier General Wayne A. Wright for his 34 years of service to our na-tion and to congratulate him on his announced retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.020 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E763 May 20, 2015 
Brigadier General Wayne A. Wright retires 
as the Chief of Staff/Air Component Com-mander, Virginia Air National Guard, respon-sible for the command and control of 1,230 Virginia Air National Guard members, rep-resenting five organizations. Provided to the Governor and Adjutant General of Virginia, Air Guard military forces protect and defend the Commonwealth, and when activated to federal military duty, provide those same forces to the President of the United States. 
General Wright entered the United States 
Air Force and received his commission in 1981 after graduating from the University of South Carolina. He transitioned from active duty to the Georgia Air National Guard in 1992. General Wright has held various leader-ship and command positions at the squadron, group, wing and major command levels. His assignments involved operations and formal training of United States Air Force and allied Command and Control personnel. He also worked in the developmental and operational testing arena. General Wright is a Master Air Battle Manager with qualifications in six ground-based Command and Control systems including joint and allied systems. 
General Wright has been awarded the Le-
gion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal (with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), Air Force Com-mendation Medal (with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), Army Commendation Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), Air Force Outstanding Unit Award (with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), Air Force Organizational Excellence Award, Com-bat Readiness Medal, National Defense Serv-ice Medal (with 1 Bronze Service Star), Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Humani-tarian Service Medal, Air Force Overseas Rib-bon Short Tour, Air Force Overseas Ribbon Long Tour, Air Force Longevity Service Award Ribbon (with 1 Silver and 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), and the Air Force Training Ribbon. 
Brigadier General Wright has excelled 
throughout his distinguished career and I am honored to pay tribute to this Airman. I thank Wayne’s wife, Jeanette, and their daughter, Jessica and Son in-law, Jeremy along with their children, Noah and Haley as well as their son Justin and his wife Caitlin and also Kelly and Dawson for the many years they have supported Wayne while he served his country. I wish Wayne and Jeanette Godspeed, and continued happiness as they start a new chap-ter in their lives. 
f 
AMERICA’S HEART AND SOUL 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
remembrance and in honor of all of The Fallen and their families this Memorial Day. The Men and Women who have given that last full measure in the name of freedom. I submit this poem penned by Albert Carey Caswell. 
On this Monday each year. 
As all across our Nation appears. Rows of flags in graveyards here. And far across the distant shores too re-
vered! 
As we take the time as a Nation so clear. With memories of them in our hearts so 
dear. As the parade’s line the streets all across the 
towns. 
As throughout the Nation in graveyards 
planted flags are found. 
When, we as a Nation take the time to stop 
and pause. 
To remember and honor all of those patriot’s 
in their just cause. 
Because, Memorial Day represents America’s 
very Heart so clear. 
Her very soul all in what we hold dear! For on no other day do we as a Nation re-
member and grieve so here. 
And shed such tears, as above all else this ranks each year. For all of those who now lie in soft cold 
quiet graves. 
Who over the decades have shown, how men and women of honor behave! I’m sorry but your son Johnny’s not coming 
home! 
But for the greater good their fine lives they 
gave! 
Because Freedom Is Not Free, but with only most precious lives bought and 
paid! 
A price so high and grave! Remember this, and remember them this Memorial Day! And give thanks to all of their families with 
tears upon their faces. 
Whose hearts on this and everyday so break 
in places! 
And thank all those heroes who came back 
from war. 
Without arms and legs and PTS the more! Who the rest of their young lives must en-
dure. 
Memorial Day is our heart and soul, the one fine reason we have all that we be-
hold! 
Our Freedom bought and paid for with the 
blood of human gold! 
The one’s who will never get that chance to 
grow old! 
Carry them in your hearts so, and give thanks and remember what to them 
you owe! 
Memorial Day is but, America’s Heart and Soul! 
f 
CONGRATULATING CORNELIA 
‘‘CONNIE’’ BAER 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Cornelia ‘‘Connie’’ Baer, an exemplary civic servant, advocate, and community leader in Ventura County. 
Connie has embodied public service through 
her staunch leadership and advocacy, as well as steadfast dedication and continued commit-ment to our community. Over several dec-ades, Connie has generously given her time and energy as a valued and highly respected board member and representative for an array of organizations, including the Harbor Commu-nity Council, the National Women’s Political Caucus, and the League of Women Voters. Both locally and nationally, Connie has been a vocal advocate for equality. She was instru-mental in the founding of the Stonewall Demo-crats of Ventura County. In addition, she has played a significant role in the establishment and development of the Ventura County Wom-en’s Political Council, which encourages all women to actively engage and participate in the political process. 
Additionally, since earning her bachelor’s 
degree in International Relations, Connie has been an active alumnus of the University of 
Southern California (USC). Connie also at-tended the Southwestern University School of Law, where she received her Juris Doctor de-gree, and later embarked on a respected ca-reer in law in Ventura County. 
Connie’s dedication and outstanding vol-
unteerism is best illustrated by her 19 years of service on the Ventura County Medical Re-source Foundation’s Board of Directors. Through her service and leadership, Connie has successfully assisted the organization in furthering its mission of supporting the medical needs of Ventura County’s under-served and vulnerable communities. 
From providing the life-saving medical 
equipment for premature infants to providing dental and vision care to children of low-in-come households to funding breast cancer prevention, early detection and treatment pro-grams, the Ventura County Medical Resource Foundation is ensuring that quality health care services are readily available and accessible to all of Ventura County’s residents. However, this outstanding organization could not offer these invaluable services if it were not for the remarkable generosity and commitment of in-dividuals such as Connie Baer. 
For these reasons, it is my sincere pleasure 
to join the Ventura County Medical Resource Foundation in recognizing Connie Baer with the 2015 Trailblazer Award for her extraor-dinary life of leadership and service to the en-tire Ventura County community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE 
DAVID SILVA 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Judge David Silva. Born in Beeville, Texas, on May 26, 1944, to Marcos and Altagracia Silva, Judge Silva passed away on March 16, 2015, after losing a long battle with leukemia. 
Judge Silva’s life exemplified the American 
Dream. He graduated from A.C. Jones High School in 1963, before joining the U.S. Air Force to faithfully serve his country. While in the Air Force, Silva attended Boise State Col-lege in Idaho and married Yolanda Olivares. 
One year after being honorably discharged 
from the U.S. Air Force, Silva graduated from Bee County College. He would go on to earn a Bachelor of Arts Degree in American History in 1975 and a Master of Arts Degree in Inter-disciplinary Studies: History, Psychology and Sociology from Texas A&M University in Cor-pus Christi, Texas. 
Judge Silva understood how education 
would forever transform his life. From 1974 until his passing, he taught at Beeville Col-lege, helping students realize their potential through education. 
In addition to his active role in educating 
citizens of Beeville, he was a church pastor, served on the Juvenile Board to help at-risk youth, provided guidance to the Local Emer-gency Planning Committee, and helped plan the future of Beeville. Silva’s contributions to his community are without equal. 
In 2004, Silva’s reputation for fairness, dedi-
cation, and love for his community earned him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20MY8.006 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E764 May 20, 2015 
an appointment to the Beeville Municipal 
Court. This moment in Silva’s life arrived after decades of dedicated effort and service to his community. He worked his way through high school as a janitor in the same courthouse where he would later serve as a judge. He lived a life defined by integrity, commitment and dedication. 
Silva would continue to be a pillar of the 
Beeville community during his later years. He found time to help lead community boards as he continued his passion for education. His capacity to perform at a high level was second to none. 
Our community suffered a tremendous loss 
with Judge Silva’s passing, but his legacy will be preserved by the positive change he made in his community and through the many stu-dents who had the privilege to learn from him in the classroom. 
Judge David Silva is survived by his be-
loved wife of 44 years, Yolanda Olivares Silva; his daughters, Cassandra Dianne Silva (Casey Hawkins), and Cristianna Dawn Silva Meineke (Aaron Meineke); siblings, John Marks Silva, Amado Silva (Zenaida), and Grace Ramirez (Adolfo). He is also survived by a grand-daughter, Audria Nouvelle Diem Silva. 
On this day, I remember Judge David Silva. 
May he forever rest in peace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND 
SERVICE OF BISHOP CURTIS E. MONTGOMERY 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life and service of Bishop Curtis Montgomery of Tacoma, WA. Curtis epito-mized the role that long-standing faith leaders play in their community. He was a tireless ad-vocate for the members of his congregation and the greater Tacoma community. 
Bishop Montgomery was a key leader who 
shepherded Tacoma’s Hilltop neighborhood through the civil rights struggles of the 1960s and the gang and drug violence of the 1980s. His steadfast leadership and staunch belief in the power of community involvement will be remembered in the revitalization of this histori-cally significant neighborhood. 
His contributions to the Hilltop include the 
establishment of Christ Temple Church in 1959, which later became Greater Christ Tem-ple Church in 1977. Under his leadership, Greater Christ Temple Church has become much more than a place for worship. Parish-ioners are community leaders, volunteers, and advocates for the work that Curtis has es-poused his entire life. 
One of his most esteemed accomplishments 
was the realization of the Oasis of Hope Cen-ter. This faith-based community outreach cen-ter was the culmination of Bishop Montgom-ery’s efforts and long-standing vision to pro-vide a safe and stable place for the commu-nity to serve their neighbors. Opened in 2004, the Oasis of Hope Center has operated feed-ing programs, a clothing bank, counseling services, youth programs, and donation drives. 
Mr. Speaker, last year there were over 500 
Hilltop community members served at the Center’s annual Share the Harvest Thanks-giving Meal. I have been told there were more 
volunteers than they could possibly need for that dinner. This simple fact is just one piece of evidence representing his legacy and his vi-sion. Scripture tells us that God loves a cheer-ful giver. It’s safe to say God loves Curtis Montgomery and his parishioners—who have given so much, to so many, for so long. 
Bishop Curtis Montgomery was born in 
Selma, AL, which was central in the civil rights struggles of the 1950s and 1960s. He was raised to stamp out discrimination and racism. He built his church and developed a powerful message of tolerance and peace. Bishop Montgomery served his community in the steps of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who he 
admired and followed from an early age. 
Mr. Speaker, I had the honor of visiting 
Selma on the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sun-day and had the privilege to join leaders like Rep. J
OHN LEWIS in commemoration of the 
struggle for equal rights. I am proud to have walked in the hometown of Bishop Curtis Montgomery with the knowledge that his con-tribution to a safer and more equitable society would not be forgotten—that his legacy was etched with his brothers and sisters in Selma, 50 years later. 
On behalf of his congregation and the peo-
ple of the Hilltop Neighborhood in Tacoma, WA, I stand today, proudly, to honor the life-time achievements of Bishop Curtis Mont-gomery of Greater Christ Temple Church in the Congress of the United States. 
f 
HONORING MS. ANDREA JENKINS 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Andrea Jenkins, who has been chosen to serve as Grand Marshal for the 2015 Twin Cities Pride parade and festival be-cause of her distinguished contributions to the citizens of Minnesota in the form of art and ac-tivism. 
Ms. Jenkins has been among the Twin Cit-
ies’ leading advocates for transgender equity, especially at the intersections of race and class. During her 12-year career as a policy aide for the Minneapolis City Council, Ms. Jen-kins was central in raising the profile of transgender issues among Minnesota’s most influential policymakers. Under her leadership, the City of Minneapolis started the Transgender Issues Work Group, a roundtable dedicated to changing city ordinances to im-prove the lives of transgender citizens. Local and national media outlets have covered her efforts—raising the profile of an often-over-looked segment of the population. At a time when our nation is seeing an epidemic of vio-lence against transgender individuals—specifi-cally trans women of color—Ms. Jenkins’s work is critical. 
In addition to her work in the political realm, 
Ms. Jenkins is an award-winning poet and per-formance artist. Her work has been honored by the Jerome Foundation, Intermedia Arts, The Playwrights’ Center, the Walker Art Cen-ter, the Givens Foundation, the Loft Literary Center, and countless other arts organizations. In 2011, she was named a Bush Fellow. 
On top of crafting nuanced pieces that re-
flect her identity as a trans woman of color, Ms. Jenkins serves on numerous boards and 
panels, including serving as the board chair of Intermedia Arts. This leadership has allowed Ms. Jenkins to create some of the Twin Cities’ most inclusive and boundary-pushing events, frequently centering the voices of those at ‘‘the margins of the margins.’’ One such event, the Queer Voices reading series, is the longest- running series of its kind in the country. 
Recently, Ms. Jenkins left her position with 
the City of Minneapolis to begin curating the Transgender Oral History Project, part of the University of Minnesota’s Jean-Nickolaus Tretter Collection. In this role, she will travel throughout the upper Midwest to document the experiences of transgender people. This per-manent record will serve as one of the na-tion’s most comprehensive catalogs of con-temporary transgender life. 
At a time when the T in LGBT is often over-
looked, Andrea Jenkins has helped move the spotlight to the trans community. Her work has sparked conversation, propagated knowledge and forged a path for future trans leaders. Her work in our community is inestimable and I congratulate her on being selected Grand Marshal. I am proud to call her a friend and ally. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE 
HELP HIRE OUR HEROES ACT 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to urge the House to bring to the floor my bill, the Help Hire our Heroes Act. 
My bill would renew the Vocational Rehabili-
tation Assistance Program (VRAP) and permit additional veterans to participate in the pro-gram. As you may know, the VRAP program provides up to 12 months of re-training assist-ance to veterans in need of employment train-ing, but who are unable to participate in other VA programs because of their age and time since active duty service. 
Specifically, the program provided training 
assistance to unemployed veterans between the ages of 35 and 60 who are no longer eligi-ble for the GI Bill. Veterans could use these benefits at community colleges and technical schools in occupations that the Department of Labor identified as ‘‘high demand.’’ 
The VRAP program started in 2012, but 
funding for this program expired in March 2014 and the VA has not been able to enroll new veterans in VRAP. 
In 2014, there were 573,000 unemployed 
veterans, 55 percent of whom were age 45 and up. I simply do not understand why the Majority has allowed this important veterans’ job training program to lapse. It has resulted in thousands of older, qualified veterans being unable to access job training to help them find work. 
As we approach Memorial Day, Congress 
should be doing all it can to help unemployed veterans find work. Please bring my bill to the floor, so that we can renew the Veterans Re-training Assistance Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20MY8.009 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E765 May 20, 2015 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2250) making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in reluc-
tant support of H.R. 2250, a bill to fund the operations of the U.S. House of Representa-tives for 2016 and for other purposes. 
In these times of needed fiscal discipline, 
everyone must do their part. We are bound by funding caps and, though the president has put forward a blueprint to address sequestra-tion, the Republican leadership has chosen to disregard the plan. As a result, appropriators have produced a bill that makes deep cuts to agencies and programs that support the legis-lative branch when compared to the presi-dent’s request. 
H.R. 2250 provides a total of $3.341 billion 
for vital House and House affiliated functions as well as for greater Congressional oper-ations. This is a reduction from the president’s request of $200 million. Within the total avail-able funding, $492.2 million is provided for the Architect of the Capitol which oversees main-tenance and repairs of House and Senate of-fice buildings in addition to many other impor-tant buildings in the Congressional complex. Excluding Senate items, this is an $84 million reduction in funding for maintenance of the Capitol Visitor Center, the Capitol Grounds, the Library of Congress and the U.S. Botanical Garden. $591.4 million is provided in the bill to fund Library of Congress (LOC) operations. In addition to being the repository of the nation’s print and recorded media, the LOC serves as the research arm of Congress, helping to in-form the legislative debate on Capitol Hill. This bill cuts its funding by $33 million below the president’s request. The bill also reduces funding for the Government Accountability Of-fice (GAO). The GAO functions as the ‘‘con-gressional watchdog’’ by investigating how federal agencies spend American taxpayer dollars. This bill funds GAO at $522 million, which is $31 million less than the president’s request. H.R. 2250 does increase funding for the Capitol Police when compared to enacted funding levels, but the increase is actually a $10 million cut when compared to the presi-dent’s request. 
I believe spending taxpayer dollars carefully 
should always be a priority of Congress, and seeking ways to reduce government spending should also be a priority. There are funding re-ductions in the bill that I support, including the pay freeze for Members of Congress. But the American people expect us to make wise cuts. They don’t want us cutting for the sake of cut-ting—especially when vital services may be impacted. The president’s budget contained a strategy to address sequestration that would have made many of these cuts unnecessary. I regret that my Republican colleagues chose to ignore it. HONORING COAST GUARD CAPTAIN 
SAMUEL DUKE WALKER 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the retirement of a great American and my dear friend, Coast Guard Captain Samuel Duke Walker. 
Captain Walker has served as Commander 
of Coast Guard Sector Mobile since July of 2013. Before coming to Southwest Alabama, he served as Chief of Response for the Eighth Coast Guard District, where he also served as the Federal On-Scene Coordinator for the Deepwater Horizon Spill of National Signifi-cance Response. 
Captain Walker graduated from the U.S. 
Coast Guard Officer Candidate School in 1987. He is a graduate of Rhode Island Col-lege with a degree in Electronic Design, and he also holds a Master of Business Adminis-tration degree from the University of South Alabama’s South of Business. 
During his time with the Coast Guard, Cap-
tain Walker has earned many accolades. Cap-tain Walker was promoted to the rank of Cap-tain on July 1, 2008, and he served as Presi-dent of the Class of 2009 at the National War College. His decorations include the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star, Meritorious Service Medal, Coast Guard Commendation Medal, Coast Guard Achievement Medal, and Combat Ac-tion Ribbon. 
Captain Walker has been a leader in the 
Coast Guard, but he has also been a leader in the local community. Captain Walker has called Mobile home for much of his life, and he is a 2001 graduate and Class President of Leadership Mobile. During a recent boating tragedy in Mobile Bay, Captain Walker acted as a steady leader and reassuring voice to members of the community. It is safe to say that Captain Walker has truly become a mem-ber of the Southwest Alabama community. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Captain Walk-
er, his wife, and their three children for their dedicated service to the United States Coast Guard, the Gulf Coast, and the entire nation. 
So on behalf of the people of Alabama’s 
First Congressional District, I want to wish Captain Walker all the best in his retirement. We will miss his service to the Coast Guard, but I am happy to know Captain Walker will continue to call Mobile home. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MARIPOSA 
COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL GRIZZLY BAND FOR ITS ACHIEVEMENTS AND COMMITMENT TO VET-ERANS 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor to rise in recognition of the Mariposa County High School Grizzly Band, which will be performing in the upcoming National Me-morial Day Parade. 
The Mariposa Grizzly Band brings much 
pride to a small rural community in the Sierra Foothills; it serves this community by sup-
porting American veterans at every possible opportunity. This commitment has led the band to perform patriotic music at every Me-morial Day service conducted by the local Vet-erans of Foreign Wars Post 6042. 
Its participation in this year’s Memorial Day 
Parade is not the first time the Grizzly Band has travelled across the country to showcase its talent. The band’s impressive reputation af-forded it the opportunity to perform in New York City for the 92nd Annual Veterans Day Parade. 
During this school year alone, the Grizzly 
Band has received first-place recognition for its performance at four separate events. It is no wonder the Grizzlies are so beloved in the foothills—their talents have won a total of thir-ty-seven first-place awards in the last decade. 
Furthermore, the band was the recipient of 
the GRAMMY Foundation’s Signature Schools Enterprise Award. This growing list of accom-plishments is evidence of the hard work and dedication of these young men and women. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to welcome 
the Mariposa County High School Grizzly Band to Washington, DC, and I look forward to hearing of both their future accomplish-ments and their support of our local veteran community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 2014–15 
DUBUQUE FIGHTING SAINTS SEASON 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, today I want to 
congratulate the Dubuque Fighting Saints of the United States Hockey League (USHL) on their successful 2014–2015 season. 
The Fighting Saints, led by head coach and 
general manager Matt Shaw, finished the reg-ular season 36–19–5, resulting in 3rd place in the Eastern Conference and earning them a berth in the playoffs. Goalie Jacob Nehama posted the second lowest GAA in the USHL for the season at 2.31 and forward Brett Boe-ing completed the season in the top 10 in the league for goals scored with 28 for the year. 
The Fighting Saints won the ‘‘Cowbell Cup,’’ 
winning the head to head matchups among the three teams in eastern Iowa, finishing one game ahead of the Waterloo Blackhawks and two games ahead of the Cedar Rapids Rough-Riders. 
The impact of the team extends outside the 
arena and into the greater Dubuque commu-nity. Through the ‘‘Live Like a Saint’’ initiative with Two by Two Character Development, the Saints visit local schools and teach empathy, kindness, respect, responsibility, teamwork, and the importance of physical education to young people. 
I would like to extend my sincerest con-
gratulations to the 2014–15 Dubuque Fighting Saints on their successful season and thank them for their charity work in the Dubuque community. 
I look forward to cheering them on next year 
to a championship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.024 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E766 May 20, 2015 
CELEBRATING 65 YEARS OF 
EXCEPTIONAL MEDICAL CARE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank OakBend Medical Center for providing quality healthcare for Fort Bend County for 65 years. 
OakBend Medical Center is the largest full 
service healthcare facility in Fort Bend County. As Fort Bend County continues to grow, med-ical centers like this provide easy access to professional care. With the traffic congestion we experience as our region continues to grow, easy access to critical care is essential. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, thank you again to OakBend Medical Center for 65 years of serv-ice to the Fort Bend community. We look for-ward to many more years of exceptional med-ical care. 
f 
FOSTER YOUTH SHADOW DAY 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to talk 
a little bit about foster care. As many of my colleagues are aware, today is Foster Youth Shadow Day and this morning I had the pleas-ure of meeting with Dawna—a foster youth who spent 7 years in the foster care system of my home state of Washington. 
Fortunately for Dawna, she was adopted 
when aged out of care. But for many foster kids this is not the case. In 2013, over 23,000 kids aged out without finding a forever family. And, even the kids that do find their forever families are often mistreated and even abused while in the system. Dawna was overpre-scribed psychotropic medications and forced unnecessarily into an adolescent psychiatric hospital. Her story is not the only one like it. When I was Chairman of the Human Re-sources Subcommittee of the Ways and Means Committee we held a hearing on this very issue and heard many other similar sto-ries. This is a tragedy and it is unacceptable. 
We can do more to help our youth in foster 
care, they are our responsibility and we can-not let them down. I will continue to fight to provide youth in the foster system the best possible care, and to help them find forever families, and I urge the rest of this Congress to do the same. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ISAAC JOE 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Mr. Isaac C. Joe on the occa-sion of his upcoming 100th birthday. As a sol-dier, educator, and civic leader, Mr. Joe has devoted his life to public service, and I join many in his community in wishing him a happy birthday. Born on June 24, 1915, Mr. Joe grew up in 
Thomastown, South Carolina, a small town in Lee County. As an African American in the Jim Crow South, he had to walk five miles each way to a school that was only open seven months of the year, while the white schools remained in session for nine. He per-severed to work his way through Morris Col-lege, from which he graduated in 1940. Mr. Joe has been dedicated to his alma mater ever since, donating 83 acres of land to the college in 2013. 
Mr. Joe began his teaching career in Lee 
County immediately after college. But after just one year in the classroom, he put his teaching career on hold to serve in the United States Army. He was in basic training when Pearl Harbor was bombed and rose to the rank of Master Sergeant, working at regimental head-quarters. Although Mr. Joe’s six years in the Army took him away from his students, he put his teaching skills to good use, teaching some of his fellow soldiers how to read, write, and sign their names so that they could collect their paychecks. 
In 1954, seven years after Mr. Joe returned 
to the classroom, the United States Supreme Court issued its Brown v. Board of Education decision outlawing segregation in public schools. Inspired by this decision, Mr. Joe re-turned to school himself, earning his master’s degree from South Carolina State College in 1956. He returned to the Lee County school system in 1957 as principal of the newly built Mount Pleasant High School in Elliott, where he served until his retirement in 1977. 
Mr. Joe’s community involvement has con-
tinued in the decades since his retirement. In 1980, he was elected to a term in the South Carolina House of Representatives, serving from 1981 to 1983. He is an active member of St. Mark’s Baptist Church in Bishopville where he has held various leadership roles and spearheaded numerous committees and projects. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-
leagues join me in wishing Mr. Joe a very happy 100th birthday. It is a remarkable mile-stone befitting a remarkable man. I wish him good health and Godspeed. 
f 
HONORING DR. MARGARET ‘‘PEG’’ 
BURKE LEE 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Dr. Margaret ‘‘Peg’’ Burke Lee for her distinct service to the people of the 9th Congressional District of Illinois and Oakton Community College. Dr. Lee will be re-tiring in June of this year, and I would like to congratulate her on 30 years of commitment to our community. 
Since Dr. Lee became vice president of 
academic affairs at Oakton Community Col-lege in 1985, her achievements have captured national recognition for the College while serv-ing 450,000 residents in 16 municipalities—in-cluding a salute by The New York Times rec-ognizing Oakton as one of the top 10 commu-nity colleges in the nation. Dr. Lee’s commit-ment and contributions to education and Oakton are immeasurable. She has been rec-ognized by college staff members and com-
munity members as a relationship builder in-side and outside of the college community, a legacy she is proud to share. 
Dr. Lee was named one of the ‘‘Most Pow-
erful and Influential Women of Illinois’’ by the National Diversity Council in 2012. In March 2011, Holy Family Medical Center honored her with its second annual C.A.R.E.S. Award for exemplifying Resurrection Health Care’s Core Values: compassion, accountability, respect, excellence and service. 
Dr. Lee has contributed to multiple edu-
cational events across the world, including in China, Netherlands, Thailand, and Spain. She was part of a diplomatic delegation to India where she traveled with Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs Karen Hughes and five other college and Uni-versity presidents to build bridges to American higher education through meetings with gov-ernment, university, and business leaders. In addition, Dr. Lee is the author of several monographs on global education in community colleges and the critical role of language learning in developing cultural competence. 
Dr. Lee holds a doctorate and a master’s 
degree in English language and literature from the University of Chicago, where she was a Ford Foundation Fellow in the Humanities and a Woodrow Wilson Dissertation Scholar in Women’s Studies. At the age of 17, she spent 8 years as a nun, a perspective and experi-ence that she brought to her role as a college administrator. She has always taught with compassion and enthusiasm throughout her career to help those most in need. Dr. Lee is known to go above and beyond to improve the quality of life in the community and she has touched the lives of many people through her commitment to providing innovative edu-cational programs at the college. 
In January, the Margaret Burke Lee Science 
and Health Careers Center opened on Oakton Community College’s Des Plaines campus. It is home to Oakton’s anatomy and physiology, biology, chemistry, earth science, medical lab-oratory technology, nursing, physics, and physical therapy assistant programs. Dr. Lee’s legacy will continue at Oakton not only through this new facility, but through the fabric of Oakton Community College. After she an-nounced her retirement, dozens of posts were made on Facebook demonstrating how much she is loved by the people she mentored over the past 30 years. 
I want to sincerely congratulate Dr. Lee for 
everything she has accomplished at Oakton Community College and for the people of the 9th Congressional District of Illinois. Your leg-acy will live on and will never be forgotten. May you enjoy this new chapter in your life in-cluding additional time you can spend with your nine children and 14 grandchildren. 
f 
REMEMBERING AND HONORING 
MARINE SERGEANT WARD MARK JOHNSON IV 
HON. JOHN L. MICA 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Marine Sergeant Ward Mark Johnson IV, a fallen hero who died while on a mission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.026 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E767 May 20, 2015 
of mercy in Nepal on May 12, 2015. Sgt. Ward 
spent time growing up in Central Florida where today our community remembers his service to our nation. 
Sgt. Johnson enlisted in the Marine Corps 
on March 23, 2009 after earning two degrees from Seminole State College of Florida. As-signed to the Marine Light Attack Helicopter Squadron (HMLA) 69, Johnson served dili-gently in Afghanistan with the 31st Marine Ex-peditionary Unit prior to being deployed to Nepal as a crew chief in charge of maintaining the helicopter. As a testament to his out-standing performance, Johnson has been awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Achieve-ment Medal, the Air Medal with Strike/Flight Numeral 5, the Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal and the Afghanistan Campaign Medal. 
Sgt. Ward Mark Johnson IV will always be 
remembered for the honor and courage with which he fulfilled his duties, and for the love and joy he gave his family and friends. This was his third deployment around the world and he never wavered in his commitment to his family, the Corps and his country. As you know, Mr. Speaker, our military deployed on a humanitarian mission to earthquake-ravaged Nepal, and Sgt. Johnson answered that call. With him were five other Marines who per-ished. We mourn their loss and extend our sympathy to their families. 
Sgt. Johnson was a patriot in every sense 
of the word and is remembered by a loving family and countless friends. He is survived by his wife Haley; their two young children, Na-than and Noah; and his parents, Mark and Shirley Johnson who reside in Florida’s 7th Congressional District. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in remembering and honoring Ma-rine Sergeant Ward Mark Johnson IV. We ex-tend the condolences of this Congress and the American people, who he served gallantly, epitomizing the very best of our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BROOKWOOD 
ELEMENTARY’S NANCY BONNEAU WORTH 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the career of one of the most dedi-cated teachers of the Third Congressional Dis-trict in Kansas. 
Nancy Bonneau Worth is shutting the doors 
to her Brookwood Elementary classroom for summer break for the last time next week. 
She’s ending a thirty year career as an edu-
cator, twenty of them at Brookwood. 
It began at Norman Rockwell Elementary 
School in her home state of Nebraska. 
She then moved to Great Bend, Kansas, 
where she worked for a short period at Barton County Community College before transitioning to a special education teacher in the Great Bend School District. 
Her Masters in Speech Pathology brought 
her to the Third District to teach at the Kansas School for the Deaf before moving on to Nall Hills Elementary, and eventually Brookwood. 
In fact, she integrated sign language into 
her teaching even after she left KSD by teach-ing her students to sign the Pledge of Alle-giance every morning before school. Hundreds of successful children, teenagers, 
and young adults throughout Kansas have called Mrs. Worth their teacher over the years—and are better people because of it. 
Congratulations on your retirement, Mrs. 
Worth and thank you for everything you have done for Kansans. 
Your impact on our district and state is im-
measurable. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAY AS 
NATIONAL HAMBURGER MONTH 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, with summer ap-
proaching, many Iowans are firing up their barbecues. While hotdogs, bratwursts, and pork chops are all traditional family favorites, I rise today in special recognition of the ham-burger—a delicious staple of grilling season. 
May is National Hamburger Month which 
warrants special recognition in Iowa. Iowa’s beef products are considered some of the best in the world, supplying several well-known steakhouses around the U.S., including here in D.C. 
According to the Iowa Beef Industry Council, 
Iowa is home to over 26,000 cattle operations, with ranches in all 20 counties in my district. Furthermore, the cattle industry in Iowa sup-ports over 15,000 jobs and injects over $6 bil-lion into the economy. Additionally, the cattle industry supports corn growers in Iowa by using corn as a feed source, consuming over 148 million bushels of corn every year. 
Iowa’s ranchers and packers play important 
roles in making sure consumers have safe and nutritious ground beef for our burgers. 
For great hamburger recipes, cooking tips, 
and beef safety information, I encourage all my constituents to visit www.iabeef.org. 
f 
TITUS REMEMBERS GARY GRAY 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, Nevada lost a very 
good man when Gary Gray was killed recently in an automobile accident coming down from his beloved Mt. Charleston. 
Gary has been one of my best friends since 
he took a master’s class from me at UNLV in 1977. And Tom and I have enjoyed many deli-cious dinners and lively conversations about politics and travel with Gary and his wife Chris Giunchigliani over the years. 
It is impossible to think of Gary in the past 
tense because he was larger than life. Who else would serve mountain oysters at a fancy dress party? Who else could turn an inexperi-enced group of freshman assemblymen (Jim Spinello, Matt Callister, Gene Porter, and Wendall Williams) into a political force the likes of which has not been seen since in Ne-vada politics? And who else would be brave enough to take on the indomitable Chris G? 
Life was always an adventure for Gary. No 
place was too dangerous to visit, no food too strange to eat, no person too threatening to strike up a conversation with. So I would 
never have been surprised to hear that some-thing had happened and he wasn’t coming home. But I expected him to be taken from us by an earthquake in Indonesia, an avalanche in the Alps, or perhaps a revolution in one of the ‘Stans, not by something so mundane as a car crash. It just doesn’t seem right. 
Gary truly changed the face of politics in 
Nevada: he elected candidates at every gov-ernmental level; he proudly pushed a progres-sive agenda; and he professionalized the cam-paign business. He was a civic activist, a pillar of the community, and a citizen of the world. He leaves a void that cannot be filled. 
Bon voyage, mon ami. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING 
HON. BRENDA L. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, both sides 
of the aisle recognize the importance of our transportation network to remain globally com-petitive and to keep our roads, railways, and bridges safe. We all know that long-term projects are more cost effective and provide good-paying jobs. 
In Michigan’s 14th District, we know the re-
ality of driving on crumbling bridges and roads. The Federal Highway Administration says nearly 30 percent of our state’s bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obso-lete. What else needs to go wrong before we do what is right? We must have a long-term funding plan in place before this latest 60-day patch job ends. 
We have passed 32 short-term extensions 
in the past six years. This lack of long-term planning wastes money and resources. More importantly, it has cost lives. Lives that could have been saved or spared serious injury had we all taken this issue seriously. I do not want to attend one more funeral for the victim of a transportation disaster knowing that Congress failed to act on this problem. 
f 
HONORING RABBI HERMAN AND 
LOTTE SCHAALMAN 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and celebrate Rabbi Herman and Lotte Schaalman, an internationally-re-nowned and beloved couple, on their 99th and 100th birthdays. Rabbi Schaalman celebrated his 99th birthday on April 28, 2015 and Lotte Schaalman celebrated her 100th birthday on January 13, 2015. 
Rabbi Schaalman was the Senior Rabbi at 
Emanuel Congregation in Edgewater, in my district, for 32 years, and is in his 28th year as Rabbi Emeritus. The Schaalmans will be hon-ored at a special event on May 31, 2015 at Emanuel Congregation, which is establishing the Rabbi Herman and Lotte Schaalman Fund, to assure that their remarkable legacy of serv-ice will continue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.030 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E768 May 20, 2015 
Rabbi Herman and Lotte Schaalman have 
devoted their life for the good of their fellow Jews and for humanity. Rabbi Schaalman fled Nazi Germany in 1935. He became known as one of America’s foremost leaders in Amer-ican Reform Judaism, serving as Rabbinical leader and President of the Reform Rabbis Association. Lotte Schaalman has exemplified the heart of Congregation Emanuel. Together the Schaalmans are the epitome of a thriving and wonderful life partnership. 
After his retirement as Senior Rabbi at 
Emanuel Congregation, Rabbi Schaalman continued his active involvement in many edu-cational, civic and religious organizations. He has participated in education programs at many institutions, including at Barat College, DePaul University, North Park Seminary, Gar-rett Evangelical Theological Seminary and Northwestern University. He served three terms on the Board of Directors of the Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago, was President of both the Chicago Board of Rabbis and the Chicago Association of Reform Rab-bis, and was a member of the National Jewish Communal Affairs Committee. He was Presi-dent of the Jewish Council of Urban Affairs and served in leadership roles on the Council of Religious Leaders of Metropolitan Chicago and the Edgewater Association of Clergy and Rabbis. 
Rabbi Schaalman also served as a member 
of the Education Committee of the National Holocaust Memorial in Washington, DC. As part of his commitment to interreligious under-standing and the promotion of a peaceful world, he has been a Trustee on the Board of the Millennium Institute and a member of the Executive Committee of the Council for the Parliament of World Religions. 
Rabbi Schaalman’s list of distinguished 
awards and honors is many pages long. His awards include the Julius Rosenwald Memo-rial Award from the Jewish Federation of Chi-cago, the Order of First Class Merit from Ger-many, the Order of Lincoln Award from the Lincoln Academy of Illinois, the Interfaith Gold Medallion from the International Council of Christians and Jews, being elected to the Hall of Fame for the Jewish Community Centers, and having a park on Sheridan Road in Chi-cago named ‘‘The Herman and Lotte Schaalman Park’’ in their honor. 
Rabbi Herman and Lotte Schaalman are a 
remarkable couple and I am proud to honor them today. 
f 
HONORING MARGARET DAVIS FOR 
HER SERVICE TO THE REPUB-LICAN PARTY AND HER DEDICA-TION TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Margaret Davis for her many years of service to the Tuolumne County Republican Party, and for her unwavering efforts in sup-port of Republican ideals across California and our nation. For decades, Margaret has devoted her 
time to advancing conservative principles as a member of the Tuolumne County Republican Central Committee, the Tuolumne County Re-publican Women Federated, and the California Federated Republican Women’s Central Divi-sion. 
Margaret served multiple terms as President 
of the Tuolumne County Republican Women Federated. She has also held a variety of po-sitions within the organization, and tirelessly supports Republican candidates and values. 
In addition to her past contributions, Mar-
garet currently serves as the 1st Vice Presi-dent of the Tuolumne County Republican Women Federated, the 2nd Vice President of the California Federated Republican Women’s Central Division, and the Treasurer of the Tuolumne County Republican Central Com-mittee. She does all of this while simulta-neously presiding as Chair of the Tuolumne Chamber of Commerce’s Governmental Affairs Committee. 
With all of these roles, it is clear that Mar-
garet is a fundamental pillar in the local com-munity. On a personal level, Margaret is well- respected and known for her high moral char-acter. She’s regularly involved in events, but more than that, she is the first to volunteer in support of her state, and her community. 
Margaret balances her lifetime commitment 
to the Republican Party with her lifetime com-mitment to her family. Perhaps the only re-sponsibility she places above her dedication to Tuolumne is her role as a widowed mother. Margaret gives her free time to Republican ef-forts, but her primary focus remains caring for her adult daughter, who is suffering from ef-fects of a severe stroke. 
Mr. Speaker, Margaret Davis does not just 
stand for conservative values; she lives by them. Tuolumne County Republicans consider Margaret Davis a remarkable example. Cali-fornia will continue to benefit from her efforts for years to come, and I rise to express my profound gratitude for her tremendous service. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
May 21, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 454, to 
amend the Department of Energy High- End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end com-puting research and development pro-gram of the Department of Energy, S. 784, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish microlabs to improve re-gional engagement with national lab-oratories, S. 1033, to amend the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act to re-place the current requirement for a bi-ennial energy policy plan with a Quad-rennial Energy Review, S. 1054, to im-prove the productivity and energy effi-ciency of the manufacturing sector by directing the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the National Acad-emies and other appropriate Federal agencies, to develop a national smart manufacturing plan and to provide as-sistance to small-and medium-sized manufacturers in implementing smart manufacturing programs, S. 1068, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-tect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats, S. 1181, to expand the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manu-facturing Program to include commer-cial trucks and United States flagged vessels, to return unspent funds and loan proceeds to the United States Treasury to reduce the national debt, S. 1187, to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance tech-nology commercialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, S. 1216, to amend the Natural Gas Act to modify a provision relating to civil penalties, S. 1218, to establish an interagency co-ordination committee or subcommittee with the leadership of the Department of Energy and the Department of the Interior, focused on the nexus between energy and water production, use, and efficiency, S. 1221, to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to require periodic re-ports on electricity reliability and reli-ability impact statements for rules af-fecting the reliable operation of the bulk-power system, S. 1223, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to im-prove the loan guarantee program for innovative technologies, S. 1229, to re-quire the Secretary of Energy to sub-mit a plan to implement recommenda-tions to improve interactions between the Department of Energy and Na-tional Laboratories, S. 1230, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish a program under which the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Land Management shall enter into memoranda of under-standing with States providing for State oversight of oil and gas produc-tions activities, and S. 1241, to provide for the modernization, security, and re-siliency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, development, demonstration, and information-shar-ing for cybersecurity for the energy sector. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20MY8.035 E20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D579 Wednesday, May 20, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3089–S3199 
Measures Introduced: Nineteen bills and one reso-
lution were introduced, as follows: S. 1390–1408, and S. Con. Res. 17.
                                        Pages S3183–84 
Measures Passed: 
Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to H. Con. 
Res. 47, to correct the enrollment of S. 178. 
                                                                                            Page S3198 
Measures Considered: 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right 
To Appeal Act—Agreement: Senate continued 
consideration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                             Pages S3092–S3175 
Pending: 
Hatch Amendment No. 1221, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                                       Page S3092 
Hatch (for Flake) Amendment No. 1243 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program.
     Page S3092 
Hatch (for Inhofe/Coons) Modified Amendment 
No. 1312 (to Amendment No. 1221), to amend the African Growth and Opportunity Act to require the development of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for negotiating and entering into free trade agreements.
                                                                   Page S3092 
Hatch (for McCain) Amendment No. 1226 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to repeal a duplicative in-spection and grading program.
                           Page S3092 
Stabenow (for Portman) Amendment No. 1299 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make it a principal nego-tiating objective of the United States to address cur-rency manipulation in trade agreements. 
                                                   Pages S3092, S3107–09, S3112–13 
Brown Amendment No. 1251 (to Amendment 
No. 1221), to require the approval of Congress be-fore additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement.
                                          Page S3092 Wyden (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 1227 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make trade agreements work for small businesses.
                                     Page S3092 
Wyden (for Warren) Amendment No. 1327 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to prohibit the application of the trade authorities procedures to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement that includes investor-state dispute settle-ment.
                                                                                Page S3092 
Hatch Modified Amendment No. 1411 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1299), of a perfecting nature.
                    Page S3092 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9 a.m., on Thursday, May 21, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S3199 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S3182–83 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3183 
Measures Read the First Time: 
                                                                      Pages S3183, S3198–99 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3183 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3184–85 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3185–89 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3178–82 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3190–98 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3198 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 11:57 p.m., until 9 a.m. on Thursday, May 21, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3199.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D580 May 20, 2015 
S. 1331, to help enhance commerce through im-
proved seasonal forecasts, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1297, to update the Commercial Space Launch 
Act by amending title 51, United States Code, to promote competitiveness of the U.S. commercial space sector, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1326, to amend certain maritime programs of 
the Department of Transportation, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1040, to direct the Consumer Product Safety 
Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements proposed by the Commission for recreational off-highway vehi-cles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1359, to allow manufacturers to meet warranty 
and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites; 
S. 806, to amend section 31306 of title 49, 
United States Code, to recognize hair as an alter-native specimen for preemployment and random con-trolled substances testing of commercial motor vehi-cle drivers and for other purposes, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1315, to protect the right of law-abiding citi-
zens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions; 
S. 1334, to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to 
stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to imple-ment the Antigua Convention, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1335, to implement the Convention on the 
Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012; 
S. 1251, to implement the Amendment to the 
Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, as adopted by Lis-bon, Portugal on September 28, 2007; 
S. 1336, to implement the Convention on the 
Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Auckland on November 14, 2009; 
H.R. 1020, to define STEM education to include 
computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Founda-tion; 
H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to prepare a comprehensive security assess-ment of the transportation security card program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
and 
The nominations of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, 
to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Mari-time Commissioner, and a routine list in the Coast Guard. 
IMPROVEMENTS AND INNOVATIONS IN 
FISHERY MANAGEMENT AND DATA COLLECTION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine im-provements and innovations in fishery management and data collection, after receiving testimony from Kathryn D. Sullivan, Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, and Administrator, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; Robert Beal, Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Com-mission, Arlington, Virginia; Brett Fitzgerald, Snook and Game Fish Foundation, Lake Worth, Florida; and Steven A. Murawski, University of South Flor-ida, St. Petersburg. 
OVERSIGHT OF EPA SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY 
PANELS AND PROCESSES 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight concluded an oversight hearing an oversight hearing to examine scientific advisory panels and processes at the Environmental Protection Agency, including S. 543, to amend the Environ-mental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public par-ticipation, after receiving testimony from J. Alfredo Go´mez, Director, Natural Resources and Environ-
ment, Government Accountability Office; Scott Faber, Environmental Working Group, and Terry F. Yosie, World Environment Center, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; Ted Hadzi-Antich, Pacific Legal Foun-dation, Sacramento, California; and Roger O. McClellan, Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
U.S.-CUBAN RELATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine United States-Cuban relations, focusing on the way forward, after receiving testi-mony from Roberta S. Jacobson, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, and Thomas A. Shannon, Counselor, both of the Department of State. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Gregory T. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D581 May 20, 2015 
Delawie, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-
public of Kosovo, Ian C. Kelly, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to Georgia, Nancy Bikoff Pettit, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Latvia, Azita Raji, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden, and Julieta Valls Noyes, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cro-atia, all of the Department of State. 
21ST CENTURY IDEAS FOR THE 20TH 
CENTURY FEDERAL CIVIL SERVICE 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management concluded a hearing to examine 21st century ideas for the 20th century Federal civil service, after receiving testimony from Yvonne D. Jones, Director, Strategic Issues, Government Ac-countability Office; Patricia J. Niehaus, Federal Managers Association, Alexandria, Virginia; and Dan G. Blair, National Academy of Public Administra-
tion, and J. David Cox, Sr., American Federation of Government Employees, both of Washington, D.C. 
HIGHER EDUCATION ACT 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focusing on explor-ing institutional risk-sharing, after receiving testi-mony from Senator Reed; Andrew P. Kelly, Amer-ican Enterprise Institute Center on Higher Education Reform, and Jennifer C. Wang, Young Invincibles, both of Washington, D.C.; Robert S. Silberman, Strayer Education, Inc., Herndon, Virginia; and Douglas A. Webber, Temple University, Philadel-phia, Pennsylvania. 
INDIAN WATER RIGHTS SETTLEMENTS 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine addressing the needs of Native communities through Indian Water Rights Settlements, after receiving testimony from Michael L. Connor, Deputy Secretary of the Interior; Montana Assistant Attorney General Jay Weiner, Helena; Mark Macarro, Pechanga Band of Luisen ˜o Indians, 
Temecula, California; and Steven C. Moore, Native American Rights Fund, Boulder, Colorado. THE RAPE KIT BACKLOG AND HUMAN 
RIGHTS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution concluded a hearing to examine taking sex-ual assault seriously, focusing on the rape kit back-log and human rights, after receiving testimony from Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan, Chicago; Skylor D. Hearn, Texas Department of Public Safety Assistant Director, Austin; Debbie Smith, Hope Ex-ists After Rape Trauma, Williamsburg, Virginia; Scott Berkowitz, Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network, Washington, D.C.; and Sarah Haacke Byrd, Joyful Heart Foundation, New York, New York. 
PROPOSED ENVIRONMENTAL 
REGULATION’S IMPACTS ON AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: On 
Tuesday, May 19, 2015, Committee concluded a hearing to examine proposed environmental regula-tion’s impacts on America’s small businesses, includ-ing an original bill entitled, ‘‘Small Business Regu-latory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015’’, after receiving testimony from Charles Maresca, Director of Interagency Affairs, Office of Advocacy, Small Business Administration; Darcy Maulsby, Dougherty Farm, Lake City, Iowa; Randy Noel, Reve Inc., La-place, Louisiana, on behalf of the National Associa-tion of Home Builders; Elizabeth Milito, National Federation of Independent Business Small Business Legal Center, Washington, D.C.; and Benjamin H. Bulis, American Fly Fishing Trade Association, Bozeman, Montana. 
SOLUTIONS TO THE HOSPITAL 
OBSERVATION STAY CRISIS 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine solutions to the hospital observa-tion stay crisis, after receiving testimony from Sean Cavanaugh, Deputy Administrator and Director, Center for Medicare, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services; Mark E. Miller, Executive Director, Medi-care Payment Advisory Commission; Jyotirmaya Nanda, SSM Health, St. Louis, Missouri, on behalf of the American Hospital Association; Spencer Young, HealthDataInsights, Las Vegas, Nevada; and Tori Gaetani, Beacon Health, Brewer, Maine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D582 May 20, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 26 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2461–2486; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 55; H. Con. Res. 47–48; and H. Res. 279 were introduced.
                                                            Pages H3505–06 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3507–08 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Carter (GA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3393 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:41 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H3398 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Minister Michael Greene, Lehman Avenue Church of Christ, Bowling Green, Kentucky. 
                                                                                            Page H3398 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-
imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on H.R. 880 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H3411 
American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 880, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit, by a yea-and- nay vote of 274 yeas to 145 nays, Roll No. 260. 
                                                                Pages H3410–19, H3490–91 
Rejected the Neal motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Ways and Means with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 181 yeas to 240 nays, Roll No. 259. 
                                                                Pages H3418–19, H3490–91 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, modi-fied by the amendment printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–127, shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H3410 
H. Res. 273, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2262) and (H.R. 880), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 251, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 250.
                                                                Pages H3403–10 
America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 1806, to provide for 
technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the 
competitiveness of the United States, by a recorded vote of 217 ayes to 205 noes, Roll No. 258. 
                                                                                    Pages H3419–90 
Pursuant to the Rule, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology now printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–15 shall be considered as read. 
                                                                                    Pages H3425–26 
Agreed to: 
Smith (TX) amendment (No. 1 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–120) that makes technical correc-tions;
                                                                        Pages H3445–46 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 3 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–120) that creates state and regional workshops to train K–12 teachers in science and technology project-based learning to provide instruc-tion in initiating robotics and other STEM competi-tion team development programs; leverages the col-laboration among higher education, businesses, and local private as well as public education agencies to support STEM efforts at schools located in areas with 1 percent or more above the national unemployment rate;
                                                                          Pages H3447–49 
Esty amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. 
Rept. 114–120) that instructs NSF’s I-Corps to sup-port and invest in female entrepreneurs; 
                                                                                    Pages H3449–50 
Crowley amendment (No. 5 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–120) that requires the National Science Foundation to establish a STEM grant pro-gram for Hispanic-serving institutions as authorized in the America COMPETES Act of 2007; 
                                                                                    Pages H3450–51 
Kelly (PA) amendment (No. 7 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–120) that increases the authorized funding for the Manufacturing Extension Partnership by $5,000,000, while decreasing the authorized funding level for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $5,000,000;
          Pages H3452–54 
Grayson amendment (No. 9 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–120) that authorizes the Energy Inno-vation Hubs Program within the Department of En-ergy;
                                                                         Pages H3455–56 
Griffith amendment (No. 6 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–120) that provides for the Speaker of 
the House and Senate Majority Leader to appoint members to congressionally created advisory boards (by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 253);
                                                 Pages H3451–52, H3486 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D583 May 20, 2015 
Rejected: 
Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX) amendment (No. 2 
printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–120) that sought to strike section 106 of the underlying bill (by a re-corded vote of 177 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 252); 
                                                                Pages H3446–47, H3485–86 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 8 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–120) that sought to eliminate addi-tional DOE reporting requirements and restrictions on sound scientific processes to independently verify scientific results (by a recorded vote of 187 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 254);
           Pages H3454–55, H3486–87 
Bonamici amendment (No. 10 printed in part A 
of H. Rept. 114–120) that sought to allow the De-partment of Energy to continue partnering with the Department of Defense to produce biofuels for the military (by a recorded vote of 208 ayes to 215 noes, Roll No. 255);
                                 Pages H3456–58, H3487–88 
Beyer amendment (No. 11 printed in part A of 
H. Rept. 114–120) that sought to remove ‘‘reduc-tions of energy-related emissions, including green-house gases’’ from goals of ARPA–E (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 256); and 
                                                                      Pages H3458–59, H3488 
Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX) amendment in the 
nature of a substitute (No. 12 printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–120) that sought to provide for sus-tained growth and policies across the scientific agen-cies that keep with the goals of the original Com-petes legislation (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 257).
           Pages H3459–85, H3488–89 
H. Res. 271, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1806), (H.R. 2250), and (H.R. 2353), was agreed to yesterday, May 19th. 
Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increas-
ing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act— Rule for Consideration: The House considered H. 
Res. 274, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to pro-vide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, May 21st.
                                           Pages H3491–96 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, May 21.
                           Page H3501 
Board of Trustees of the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts De-velopment—Reappointment: The Chair announced 
the Speaker’s reappointment of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Trust-ees of the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development: Representa-tive Ben Ray Luja ´n (NM).
                                    Page H3501 Commission on Care—Appointment: The Chair 
announced the Speaker’s appointment of the fol-lowing individuals on the part of the House to the Commission on Care: Mr. David P. Blom of Colum-bus, Ohio; Mr. Darin Selnick of Oceanside, Cali-fornia; and Dr. Roby Cosgrove of Cleveland, Ohio. 
                                                                                            Page H3501 
Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group: Representatives Linda T. Sa´nchez (CA), Gene Green (TX), Polis, Jackson Lee, 
and Torres.
                                                                    Page H3501 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:20 p.m. and recon-
vened at 10 p.m.                                                        Page H3504 
Correcting the enrollment of S. 178: Agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 47, to correct the enrollment of S. 178. 
                                                                                            Page H3504 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and eight recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3408–09, H3409–10, H3485–86, H3486, H3486–87, H3487–88, H3488, H3488–89, H3489–90, H3490–91, H3491. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10:01 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2393, to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2394, the ‘‘National Forest Foundation Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. H.R. 2393 and H.R. 2394 were ordered re-ported, as amended. 
PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF SNAP: 
THE WORLD OF NUTRITION, GOVERNMENT DUPLICATION AND UNMET NEEDS 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Nutrition 
held a hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The World of Nutrition, Government Dupli-cation and Unmet Needs’’. Testimony was heard from Kay Brown, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a markup on Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D584 May 20, 2015 
2016. The Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 2016 
was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. This markup was closed. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on Commerce, Justice, and Science Appro-priations Bill for FY 2016. The Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations Bill for FY 2016 was or-dered reported, as amended. 
REFORMING THE WORKERS’ 
COMPENSATION PROGRAM FOR FEDERAL EMPLOYEES 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming the Workers’ Compensation Program for Federal Employees’’. Testimony was heard from Scott Dahl, Inspector General, Depart-ment of Labor; Leonard Howie III, Director, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Department of Labor; Andrew Sherrill, Director of Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Ac-countability Office; a public witness. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a markup on a discussion draft of the ‘‘FCC Process Reform Act of 2015’’; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require identification and description on the website of the Federal Commu-nications Commission of items to be decided on au-thority delegated by the Commission; a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on improving the participation of small businesses in the proceedings of the Com-mission; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for a quarterly report on pending requests for action by the Federal Communications Commission and pending congressional investiga-tions of the Commission; and a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for publica-tion on the Internet website of the Federal Commu-nications Commission of certain policies and proce-dures established by the chairman of the Commis-sion. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment: the ‘‘FCC Process Reform Act of 2015’’; a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Com-
munications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require identi-fication and description on the website of the Federal Communications Commission of items to be decided on authority delegated by the Commission; a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on improving the par-ticipation of small businesses in the proceedings of the Commission; and a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to provide for publication on the Internet website of the Federal Communications Commission of certain policies and procedures estab-lished by the chairman of the Commission. The fol-lowing bills were forwarded to the full committee, as amended: a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on the website of the Com-mission documents to be voted on by the Commis-sion; and a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for a quarterly report on pending requests for action by the Federal Communications Commission and pending congressional investiga-
tions of the Commission. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 432, the ‘‘SBIC Advisers Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 686, the ‘‘Small Business Merg-ers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1334, the ‘‘Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1525, the ‘‘Disclosure Modernization and Sim-plification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1675, the ‘‘Encour-aging Employee Ownership Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1723, the ‘‘Small Company Simple Registration Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1847, the ‘‘Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnification Correction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1965, the ‘‘Small Company Disclosure Simplification Act’’; H.R. 1975, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Commission Overpayment Credit Act’’; H.R. 2064, the ‘‘Improving Access to Capital for Emerging Growth Companies Act’’; H.R. 2354, the ‘‘Streamlining Excessive and Costly Regulations Re-view Act’’; H.R. 2356, the ‘‘Fair Access to Invest-ment Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2357, the ‘‘Ac-celerating Access to Capital Act of 2015’’; and a res-olution to name a new Republican Member of the Committee to subcommittees. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 432, H.R. 686, H.R. 1334, H.R. 1525, H.R. 1675, H.R. 1723, H.R. 1847, H.R. 1965, H.R. 1975, H.R. 2064, H.R. 2354, H.R. 2356, and H.R. 2357. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D585 May 20, 2015 
The resolution to name a new Republican Member 
of the Committee to subcommittees was adopted. 
EGYPT TWO YEARS AFTER MORSI: PART I 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Egypt Two Years After Morsi: Part I’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES; EVEREST 
TREMBLED: LESSONS LEARNED FROM THE NEPAL EARTHQUAKE RESPONSE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a markup on H.R. 1853, to di-rect the President to develop a strategy to obtain ob-server status for Taiwan in the International Crimi-nal Police Organization, and for other purposes; and H. Res. 235, expressing deepest condolences to and solidarity with the people of Nepal following the devastating earthquake on April 25, 2015; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Everest Trembled: Lessons Learned from the Nepal Earthquake Response’’. H.R. 1853 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. H. Res. 235 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. Testimony was heard from Nisha Desai Biswal, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, Department of State; Jonathan Stivers, Assistant Administrator, Bu-reau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment; Thomas H. Staal, Acting Assistant Adminis-trator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflict and Humani-tarian Assistance, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment; and Anne A. Witkowsky, Deputy Assist-ant Secretary of Defense, Stability and Humanitarian Affairs, Department of Defense. 
DEVELOPMENTS IN RWANDA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘De-velopments in Rwanda’’. Testimony was heard from Robert P. Jackson, Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of African Affairs, Department of State; Steven Feldstein, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, Department of State; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Responder An-thrax Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 1615, the ‘‘DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1626, the ‘‘DHS IT Duplication Reduction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1633, the ‘‘DHS Paid Administrative Leave Ac-countability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1637, the ‘‘Feder-ally Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Ac-
countability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Home-land Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act’’; H.R. 1738, the ‘‘Integrated Public Alert and Warn-ing System Modernization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2206, the ‘‘SWIC Enhancement Act’’; and H.R. 2390, the ‘‘Homeland Security Uni-versity-based Centers Review Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1300, H.R. 1615, H.R. 1626, H.R. 1633, H.R. 1640, H.R. 1646, H.R. 1738, H.R. 2200, and H.R. 2206. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 2390 and H.R. 1637. 
UNITED STATES CAPITOL POLICE 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held a hearing on the United States Capitol Police. Testimony was heard from Kim Dine, Chief, Capitol Police. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands; and Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, held a joint hearing on a discussion draft of a bill to protect and enhance opportunities for rec-reational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Steve Ellis, Deputy Director for Operations, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; Les-lie Weldon, Deputy Chief, National Forest System, U.S. Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on a dis-cussion draft titled the ‘‘National Energy Security Corridors Act’’. Testimony was heard from Linwood Parker, Mayor, Town of Four Oaks, Four Oaks, North Carolina; Tim Spisak, Senior Advisor for Min-erals and Realty Management, Bureau of Land Man-agement, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
ELECTRICITY RELIABILITY AND FOREST 
PROTECTION ACT 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’. Testimony was heard from Karen E. Mouritsen, Deputy Assistant Director, Energy, Minerals, and Realty Management, Bureau of Land Management, Department of Interior; Greg Smith, Director of Lands, U.S. Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D586 May 20, 2015 
STATE PERSPECTIVES ON THE STATUS OF 
COOPERATING AGENCIES FOR THE OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING’S STREAM PROTECTION RULE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘State Perspectives on the Status of Cooperating Agencies for the Office of Surface Mining’s Stream Protection Rule’’. Testimony was heard from Randall Johnson, Director, Alabama Surface Mining Com-mission; Gregory F. Baker, Reclamation Program Manager, Virginia Department of Mines, Minerals and Energy; Russell M. Hunter, Counsel, Division of Mining and Reclamation, West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection; and a public witness. 
ADVANCING COMMERCIAL WEATHER 
DATA: COLLABORATIVE EFFORTS TO IMPROVE FORECASTS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Commercial Weather Data: Collabo-rative Efforts to Improve Forecasts’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ACROSS TOWN, ACROSS OCEANS: 
EXPANDING THE ROLE OF SMALL BUSINESS IN GLOBAL COMMERCE 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Across Town, Across Oceans: Ex-panding the Role of Small Business in Global Com-merce’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.R. 2322, the ‘‘Pub-lic Buildings Reform and Savings Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2131, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’; and two General Services Administration resolutions. H.R. 2322 was ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 2131 was or-dered reported, without amendment. The General Services Administration resolutions were approved. 
EXAMINING THE USE OF 
ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS IN THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Use of Administrative Actions in the Implementa-tion of the Affordable Care Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
LEGISLATIVE PRESENTATIONS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
joint hearing with the House Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, after re-ceiving testimony from Al Kovach, Paralyzed Vet-erans of America, Larry E. Via, AMVETS, and J. Patrick Little, Military Order of the Purple Heart, all of Washington, D.C.; Colonel Robert F. Norton, USA (Ret.), Military Officers Association of Amer-ica, and Glenn Minney, Blinded Veterans Associa-tion, both of Alexandria, Virginia; John Rowan, Vietnam Veterans of America, and Paul Rieckhoff, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, both of New York, New York; and Gene Overstreet, Non Commissioned Officers Association of the United States of America, Seguin, Texas. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D575) 
H.R. 2252, to clarify the effective date of certain 
provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014. Signed on May 19, 2015. (Public Law 114–13) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
MAY 21, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business 
meeting to consider pending legislation, and the nomina-tion of Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture, 9:45 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to con-
sider the fiscal year 2016 302(b) allocations, an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and Water Development Appro-priations Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 11 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
United States policy in Iraq and Syria, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi-
ness meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘The Financial Regulatory Improvement Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee 
on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, to hold hearings to examine S. 160, and H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D587 May 20, 2015 
of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to expe-
dite access to certain Federal land under the administra-tive jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions, S. 365, to improve range-land conditions and restore grazing levels within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, Utah, S. 472, to promote conservation, improve public land, and provide for sensible development in Douglas County, Ne-vada, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in cen-tral Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances in-volving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 814, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Or-egon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, S. 815, to provide for the convey-ance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, and S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Anto-nio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-
sider S. 802, to authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, S. Res. 87, to express the sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the Euro-pean Union, and the Organization for Security and Co- operation in Europe in preventing and responding to anti-Semitism, the nominations of Charles C. Adams, Jr., of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fin-land, Cassandra Q. Butts, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Paul A. Folmsbee, of Oklahoma, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Stafford Fitzgerald Haney, of New Jer-sey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Costa Rica, Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, and Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of 
service, all of the Department of State, Matthew T. McGuire, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, 9:15 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine understanding America’s long-term fiscal picture, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
pending calendar business, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’ (con-tinued), 8:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘What are the State Governments Doing to Combat the Opioid Abuse Epidemic?’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Task Force to Investigate 
Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘A Dangerous Nexus: Terrorism, Crime, and Corruption’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 1853, to direct the President to develop a strat-egy to obtain observer status for Taiwan in the Inter-national Criminal Police Organization, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 2100, the ‘‘Girls Count Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2323, the ‘‘United States International Communications Reform Act of 2015’’; H. Res. 213, condemning the April 2015 terrorist attack at the Garissa University Col-lege in Garissa, Kenya, and reaffirming the United States support for the people and Government of Kenya, and for other purposes; and H. Res. 235, expressing deepest con-dolences to and solidarity with the people of Nepal fol-lowing the devastating earthquake on April 25, 2015, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Sub-
committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Issues Facing Civilian and Postal Service Vehicle Fleet Procurement’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 475, the ‘‘GI Bill Processing Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 571, the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 675, the ‘‘Veterans’ Com-pensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat set-tings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces; H.R. 1607, the ‘‘Ruth Moore Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2256, the ‘‘Veterans Information Mod-ernization Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD588 May 20, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9 a.m., Thursday, May 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act, and vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on Hatch Amendment No. 1221 to the bill at approximately 10 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, May 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 2262— 
SPACE Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Blum, Rod, Iowa, E765, E767 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E757 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E763, E764 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E756 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E765 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E766 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E762 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E755, E758, E762 Cook, Paul, Calif., E761 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E755 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E764 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E757 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E761 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E757 
Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E759 Holding, George, N.C., E761 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E755 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E760 Kato, John, N.Y., E755 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E764 Lawrence, Brenda L., Mich., E767 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E758, E762 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E765, E768 Messer, Luke, Ind., E759 Mica, John L., Fla., E766 Olson, Pete, Tex., E766 Poe, Ted, Tex., E756 Price, David E., N.C., E757 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E758 
Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E758 Reichert, David G., Wash., E766 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E766, E767 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E759 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E763 Titus, Dina, Nev., E767 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E756, E762, E765 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E757 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E763 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E762 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E767 Young, David, Iowa, E761 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 May 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D20MY5.REC D20MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST