Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9331 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2015 No. 183 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
Rear Admiral Margaret Grun Kibben, 
Chief of Chaplains for the United States Navy, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, whose way is in the 
sea and whose paths are in the great waters, we offer our gratitude to You, for the pastors, rabbis, priests, and imams who, over the course of 240 years, have left the safety of their homes and the comfort of their pulpits to wear the cloth of this country’s 
Navy. 
We would ask that You would grant 
Your blessing on these whom You have 
called to ensure that the voices of faith are never silenced, to provide the sanc-tuary of Your presence, to serve along-side the sons and daughters who faith-fully serve in every clime and place to preserve the ideals You have offered. 
In our efforts to preserve liberty, re-
mind us that the freedoms we enjoy are gifts of Your grace. 
In our deliberations to uphold jus-
tice, keep us bound to Your law of mercy. In our encounters with each other, 
guide us with Your steadfast love that, in these days of tumultuous seas of conflict and raging waters of uncer-tainty, Your way be known and Your path revealed. It is in the strength of Your name we pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.000 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9332 December 16, 2015 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. A LLEN ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ALLEN led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
REMOVAL AND APPOINTMENT OF 
CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 2, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: I am writing to ad-
vise you of my intention to retire from fed-eral service in early 2016. Accordingly, I hereby resign as Chief Administrative Offi-cer of the House effective upon the election of my successor, or as you otherwise direct. 
It has been a high honor and distinct privi-
lege to serve you and your colleagues, past and present, since the 1970’s; and especially so, to serve alongside the extraordinarily dedicated men and women in the Office of the CAO during the 113th and 114th Con-gresses. 
In order to ensure a seamless transition, I 
am pleased that Clerk of the House Karen Haas has graciously detailed to my office Mr. Will Plaster, a senior member of her staff, to serve on an interim basis as Deputy Chief Administrative Officer. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate more than words 
can adequately convey the priceless opportu-nities afforded me throughout my career to serve this magnificent—and uniquely Amer-ican—institution we call the people’s House. 
I congratulate you on your election as 
Speaker, and wish you all the best in the challenging days ahead. 
Sincerely, 
E
DCASSIDY . 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 1 
of rule II, Mr. Ed Cassidy, of the State of Connecticut, is removed effective December 31, 2015. 
Pursuant to the provisions of section 
208(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, the Chair appoints William Plaster of the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia to act as and to exercise the du-ties of Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, effective December 31, 2015. 
The Chair will administer the oath at 
this time. 
Mr. Plaster appeared at the bar of 
the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-
port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HALT ON K–1 VISA PROGRAM 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, the deadliest attack on U.S. soil since September 11, made it clear that our homeland is vulnerable to terrorists. 
The terrorist couple’s attack also 
made it clear that there are serious screening problems associated with the K–1 fiance(e) visa program. That is ex-actly how the wife involved in these at-tacks came to the United States to begin with. 
Mr. Speaker, protecting our home-
land is my most sacred duty, which is why I want the American people to know that right now, I will be intro-ducing legislation to put a halt on the K–1 visa program until the Congress votes to resume it. 
In the meantime, my legislation 
would require the GAO to review the national security risks associated with this program and to submit findings to the Congress. 
This is the right and commonsense 
thing to do. We must protect our home-land. 
f 
PANTHER PRIDE 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the color 
purple and Panther Pride are alive and well in Texas. 
Ridge Point High School has been 
open for 5 years—5 short years—yet last Saturday, they took us to heights that schools that have been around for 50 years have never achieved. They made the Final 4, the Texas 5A Divi-sion 2 State semifinal football playoffs. 
Mr. Speaker, the Panthers came up a 
little short, but fans like me walked out darn proud of our guys. They never quit, and they never will. 
I have a warning for teams we play 
next year: Panthers don’t retreat—we reload. 
f 
FUNDING TO TEST RAPE KITS 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow 
the House will vote on an omnibus spending bill, and I look forward to supporting that bill because it does so much good for America, moves us for-ward, and brings us together as a body to move America forward. Included in there is the amendment I have had on the House floor, and the Senate accept-
ed to add an additional $4 million to test rape kits. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a horrific back-
log of rape kits in this country, and the Federal Government has stepped for-ward. Now we will step forward with $45 million—last year it was $41 mil-lion—to give to local governments to reduce the backlog. That means we will be able to catch the guilty and stop them before they violate the law again and violate another woman, because rapists are often serial offenders. 
I look forward to supporting the om-
nibus bill, protecting women in Amer-ica, and finding justice for criminals. 
f 
TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNT-
ABILITY OF FAILED EXCHANGES ACT 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, the only 
thing 5 years of ObamaCare has shown us has been its multiple and contin-uous flaws. When this legislation was signed into law, the President freely gave money away to establish State ex-changes. However, they forgot one piece of the puzzle: They provided no provisions for recouping funds when the State exchanges failed. 
Mr. Speaker, these accounts spent 
billions of taxpayer dollars and pro-vided zero solutions to protect tax-payers when States decided to stop op-erating the exchanges. Where is the ac-countability? This burden cannot be placed on the taxpayer. 
Today I introduced the Transparency 
and Accountability of Failed Ex-changes Act to ensure Americans are not on the hook for the billions that were recklessly doled out to the States to establish these State exchanges. By promoting accountability and trans-parency, my legislation fixes the prob-lems by providing clear steps to re-cover Federal funds when State ex-changes fail, and it requires unused funds to be returned back to the Treas-ury Department to pay down the na-tional debt. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
cosponsor this legislation that pro-motes accountability and trans-parency. 
f 
BOOSTING TIMBERING IN THE 
ALLEGHENY NATIONAL FOREST 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again reinforce the importance of proper management of our Nation’s national forests. 
Over the past two decades, timber 
harvests in the Allegheny National Forest have fallen dramatically, fol-lowing a trend we have seen in national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.001 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9333 December 16, 2015 
forests nationwide. This has a domino 
effect on communities and school dis-tricts in and around the forest, be-cause, since 1908, counties in national forests are entitled to 25 percent of the receipts from timber sales under the 1908 Good Neighbor Compact. 
These are communities which were 
built on the lumber industry and nat-ural resources. Many are among the most rural, poorest in Pennsylvania, and the funding from timber sales is critical for schools, roads, and other public services, something these towns and school districts depend on. 
Due to this diminished revenue and 
various challenges forest communities continue to face, we must pass real re-form that leads to good management practices in our national forests. As such, I continue to support the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2015, or H.R. 2647. I believe this legislation is a 
key to increasing timber harvests in our national forests, which will not only benefit our communities but will create a forest that is healthier and less prone to wildfires and invasive spe-cies. 
f 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA ACADEMY 
NOMINEE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to announce my nominees for appointment to our Nation’s service academies. With the recommendations of my Veterans Council, we have nomi-nated a group of young men and women that are committed to representing the First District and our great Nation. 
For the U.S. Naval Academy, we have 
Trent Foster; we have Kody Rulofson and David Shattuck. 
For the U.S. Military Academy, we 
have Nicholas Katz, Bradley Salyer, and Wyatt Wyckoff. 
For the U.S. Air Force Academy, we 
have Christiana Jackman. 
For our Merchant Marine Academy, 
we have Anna Lewis and Garret Read-er. 
For the U.S. Naval Academy and the 
U.S. Air Force Academy, we have Mason Royse. 
And for the U.S. Naval Academy and 
the U.S. Military Academy, we have Rory Sprague. 
Congratulations to them all. We thank the Veterans Council for 
helping with the interview process and vetting these young people. 
We thank the parents for raising 
them to be the go-getters that they are and for the dedication required to get to this point. And we thank the nomi-nees themselves for the hard work that it takes and the service that they are willing to do and put out and their sac-rifice for us. 
God bless them all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
PALAZZO ). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further 
proceedings today on motions to sus-pend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
STEM CELL THERAPEUTIC AND 
RESEARCH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2820) to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and 
insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stem Cell 
Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE C.W. BILL 
YOUNG CELL TRANSPLANTATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 379(d)(2)(B) of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274k(d)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘remote collection’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘collection’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘including remote collection,’’ 
after ‘‘cord blood units,’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 379B of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274m) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal 
years 2011 through 2014 and’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘and $30,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’ before the period at the end. 
(c) S
ECRETARY REVIEW ON STATE OF  
SCIENCE .—The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, in consultation with the Director of the National Institutes of Health, the Commis-sioner of the Food and Drug Administration, and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, including the Ad-visory Council on Blood Stem Cell Transplan-tation established under section 379(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 274k(a)), and other stakeholders, where appropriate given relevant expertise, shall conduct a review of the state of the science of using adult stem cells and birthing tissues to develop new types of thera-pies for patients, for the purpose of considering the potential inclusion of such new types of therapies in the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program (established under such sec-tion 379) in addition to the continuation of on-going activities. Not later than June 30, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives rec-ommendations on the appropriateness of such new types of therapies for inclusion in the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program. 
SEC. 3. CORD BLOOD INVENTORY. 
Section 2 of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-
search Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 274k note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘one-time’’; (2) by striking subsection (c); (3) by redesignating subsections (d) through 
(h) as subsections (c) through (g), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (d) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraphs 
(2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION OF BEST SCIENCE .—The 
Secretary shall take into consideration the best scientific information available in order to maxi-mize the number of cord blood units available for transplant when entering into contracts under this section, or when extending a period of funding under such a contract under para-graph (2). 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF BANKED UNITS OF  
CORD BLOOD .—In extending contracts pursuant 
to paragraph (3), and determining new alloca-tion amounts for the next contract period or contract extension for such cord blood bank, the Secretary shall take into account the number of cord blood units banked in the National Cord Blood Inventory by a cord blood bank during the previous contract period, in addition to con-sideration of the ability of such cord blood bank to increase the collection and maintenance of additional, genetically diverse cord blood units.’’; 
(5) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as 
paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(6) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘$23,000,000 for each of fiscal 
years 2011 through 2014 and’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and $23,000,000 for each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’ before the period at the end; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 4. DETERMINATION ON THE DEFINITION OF 
HUMAN ORGAN. 
Not later than one year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue determinations with respect to the inclusion of peripheral blood stem cells and umbilical cord blood in the definition of human organ. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
b0915 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act, in-troduced by my colleagues, Represent-ative C
HRIS SMITH of New Jersey and 
Representative D ORIS MATSUI of Cali-
fornia. 
This bill is another example of the 
Energy and Commerce Committee’s on-going effort to work together in a bi-partisan manner to strengthen public health and solve problems in our Na-tion’s healthcare system. 
H.R. 2820 reauthorizes the National 
Cord Blood Inventory program and the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program through fiscal year 2020, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.003 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9334 December 16, 2015 
which provides Federal support for 
cord blood donation and research es-sential to increasing patient access to transplants. 
The National Cord Blood Inventory, 
the NCBI, is a program to collect, store, and distribute umbilical cord blood to those in need of a cord blood stem cell transplant. These cord blood units must meet specific criteria, and are available through the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program to treat patients who need a trans-plant. 
The blood-forming cells from cord 
blood have unique qualities that help some patients who would otherwise be unable to have a potentially lifesaving transplant. NCBI is the largest and most diverse marrow registry in the world. 
The C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplan-
tation Program provides support to pa-tients who undergo a transplant and helps match donors to patients who are in need of an unrelated marrow donor. Seventy percent of all patients who need a transplant don’t have a match donor in their family, and this program gives them somewhere to turn. 
I support H.R. 2820. I urge my col-
leagues to support this important piece of legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic 
and Research Reauthorization Act, would continue the highly successfully Be The Match Registry for bone mar-row and umbilical cord blood trans-plantation. 
This program provides hope to people 
in need of lifesaving transplants. Each year about 20,000 patients receive blood marrow transplants. Seventy percent of those patients do not find a match within their family and instead rely on the Be The Match Registry to find a non-relative bone marrow donor. 
That is why continued Federal sup-
port for the Be The Match Registry and its nearly 12.5 million registered bone marrow donors and collection of more than 209,000 cord blood units is so im-portant. 
I am glad that we have come to-
gether on a bipartisan basis in our committee and in the House and the Senate to support this lifesaving pro-gram. 
I want to thank Congresswoman 
M
ATSUI for her leadership in this area. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ to concur with Senate H.R. 2820. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I would like to reiterate the impor-
tant work that the National Marrow Donor Program does for patients. Be The Match, operated by the National Marrow Donor Program, has facilitated more than 68,000 marrow and cord blood transplants, which is an average of more than 520 transplants a month. They conducted their first transplant as the National Marrow Donor Pro-
gram in 1987. 
They also continue to lead the way in 
developing new cellular therapies, in advancing services to speed the trans-plant process, and improving treat-ments for post-transplant complica-tions. Be The Match invests in dedi-cated researchers whose countless hours in the lab and caring for patients have helped more patients than ever before to receive a transplant. 
Beyond establishing the registry, in-
vestment in medical research over the years has been essential in helping find the answers that save the lives of more patients. 
In 1990, the Nobel Prize in Medicine 
was awarded to Dr. E. Donnall Thomas for discoveries in cellular transplan-tation. 
In 1994, the first peripheral blood 
stem cell collected for use in unrelated transplants occurred. 
In 1998, the cord blood program was 
launched. 
In 2001, the NMDP Repository was 
built, one of the world’s largest tissue sample storage facilities used for med-
ical research. 
In 2004, Be The Match and the NMDP 
partnered with the Medical College of Wisconsin to create the Center for International Blood and Marrow Trans-plant Research. 
The great work and discovery con-
tinues. I urge bipartisan support for H.R. 2820 and support for discovery and cures for patients. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-search Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
This bill reauthorizes the National 
Cord Blood Inventory program and the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, two programs that save lives every day through bone marrow trans-plants and blood infusions. 
This bill is very similar to legislation 
that the Georgia General Assembly passed in 2007, establishing the new-born umbilical cord blood bank. I voted for that legislation in the Georgia Gen-eral Assembly, and I will vote in favor of this legislation. 
For some patients who have leu-
kemia, lymphoma, sickle cell anemia, or a life-threatening blood cancer, help from programs like the National Cord Blood Inventory program and the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Pro-gram, may be their last hope at living longer, healthier lives. That is why H.R. 2820 is so important. 
This bill reauthorizes these two pro-
grams through 2020, and continues to provide lifesaving techniques and re-search to many who fight for their lives every day. 
This bill originally passed the House 
on September 8 by voice vote. I encour-age my colleagues to support it again. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such 
time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), 
the prime sponsor of this legislation. 
(Mr. SMITH of New Jersey asked and 
was given permission to revise and ex-tend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, our distinguished chairman, Chairman P
ITTS, for his extraordinary work on 
this legislation. 
I also want to thank Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. P ALLONE , and, of course, 
Chairman U PTON for his strong support 
of this reauthorization. 
In the Senate, we have had a tremen-
dous team of O RRIN HATCH , JACKREED, 
RICHARD BURR, and A LFRANKEN , who 
again worked in a very bipartisan way to ensure that this life-affirming, life-saving legislation not only made it through the Senate, but was beefed up, made stronger. 
People talk about the lack of biparti-
sanship. I do believe this is one of those bills where we have all come together to try to say—whether it be bone mar-row or adult stem cells in the form of cord blood—that it be made available to as many people as possible in the most usable and efficacious way. 
Mr. Speaker, just let me say—and we 
know this and I will try not to be too redundant because I think the chair-man has explained it—the bill under consideration by the House today does reauthorize through 2020 two critically important and complementary pro-grams, the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory. 
It is especially appropriate during 
this time of gift-giving to reauthorize these life-giving programs. Americans willing to give the gift of life to others are at the heart of the success of this program. 
In reauthorizing it, we are grateful 
for the adult donors willing to provide bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells as well as mothers who donate their child’s cord blood through public cord blood banks. 
Under the National Cord Blood In-
ventory program, Mr. Speaker, con-tracts are awarded to cord blood banks to collect cord blood units donated after mothers give birth. 
Around 4 million births occur in the 
United States every year. God, in his grace and love, has left a gift that then gives life and helps to cure diseases, in-cluding leukemia and other dev-astating blood-related diseases, left after that birth. 
Again, cord blood and the placenta 
itself is teeming with stem cells that are, again, highly efficacious in curing and mitigating disease. 
Americans have access to more than 
12 million adult volunteer donors and 209,000 cord blood units through Be The Match. The program’s Bone Marrow and Cord Blood Coordinating Centers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.005 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9335 December 16, 2015 
make information about bone marrow 
and cord blood transplants available to donors and patients. The Office of Pa-tient Advocacy helps support patients and families dealing with a life-threat-ening diagnosis. The Stem Cell Thera-peutic Outcomes Database tracks re-sults. 
Again, if you want to know how 
something is working or not, you track it, and you are constantly recali-brating it in order to make it better. 
Today’s bill is the second reauthor-
ization of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, a law that I authored a decade ago, joined by Artur Davis of Alabama, legislation that, again, cleared the Senate with the great help of Senator O
RRIN HATCH . 
That law built upon the excellent 
work of our distinguished, late col-league Bill Young of Florida to facili-tate bone marrow transplants and cre-ated a brand-new national umbilical cord blood donation and transplan-tation program. 
Dr. Jeffrey Chell, the CEO of NMDP/ 
Be The Match, has noted that, for many diseases, including blood cancers and sickle cell anemia disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. 
As he told Chairman P
ITTS and his 
committee, the patient population ris-ing the most quickly is the elderly pop-ulation, growing by double digits every year. The reason for that is that the medical conditions for which trans-plant is often the only cure tend to occur in older populations; diseases like acute leukemia, myelofibrosis, and others. 
Breathtaking scientific break-
throughs have turned medical waste, post-birth placentas, and umbilical cord blood into medical miracles, treating more than 70 diseases—some say as many as 80—including leukemia, lymphoma, and sickle cell anemia. 
Let me just conclude by pointing out 
that, during consideration of the Sen-ate HELP Committee, language was added to direct relevant agencies to study the state of science using adult stem cells and birthing tissues to de-velop new therapies for patients. 
Last year I visited Celgene Corpora-
tion in Summit, New Jersey, to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal diabetic foot ulcers and how they turn amniotic mem-brane, an old placenta, into wound management that now has advanced past stage 3 clinical trials to the ap-proval and regulatory filings stage. 
Again, I want to thank the chief co-
sponsor, Ms. M
ATSUI ; Mr. J OLLY ; and 
Mr. F ATTAH . Again, this is a bipartisan 
bill. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill under consideration by 
the House today reauthorizes through 2020 two critically important and complementary programs—the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program and National Cord Blood Inventory. 
During this time of gift-giving, it is incredibly 
timely to reauthorize these life-giving pro-grams. Americans willing to give the gift of life to others are at the heart of the success of this program. In reauthorizing it we are grate-
ful for the adult donors willing to provide bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells, as well as mothers who donate their child’s cord blood through public cord blood banks. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, under the National 
Cord Blood Inventory Program (NCBI), con-tracts are awarded to cord blood banks to col-lect cord blood units donated after mothers give birth. These units are then made avail-able through the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program also called the Be the Match Registry. The Program provides a sin-gle point of access, enabling those in need of lifesaving transplants to search for a match via an integrated nationwide network of bone mar-row donors and cord blood stem cells. Ameri-cans have access to more than 12 million adult volunteer donors and 209,000 cord blood units through Be The Match. The Program’s Bone Marrow and Cord Blood Coordinating Centers makes information about bone mar-row and cord blood transplant available to do-nors and patients, and the Office of Patient Advocacy helps support patients and families dealing with a life-threatening diagnosis. And the Stem Cell Therapeutic Outcomes Data-base tracks results. 
The leadership of Senators O
RRIN HATCH , 
JACK REED, RICHARD BURR and A LFRANKEN  
was invaluable in shepherding this vital bill through the Senate. And special thanks to both Chairmen U
PTON and P ITTS for their out-
standing leadership and help on this bill, as well as the strong support by Ranking Mem-bers P
ALLONE and G REEN . I am deeply grateful 
to original cosponsors Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. J OLLY 
and Mr. F ATTAH for their important contribu-
tions. 
Today’s bill is the second reauthorization of 
the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, a law that I sponsored a decade ago joined by Artur Davis of Alabama; legislation that cleared the Senate with the incomparable help of Senator O
RRIN HATCH . That law built 
upon the excellent work of our distinguished late colleague Bill Young of Florida to facilitate bone marrow transplants and created a brand new national umbilical cord blood donation and transplantation program. 
Dr. Jeffrey W. Chell, CEO of NMDP/Be the 
Match has noted that for many diseases in-cluding blood cancers and sickle cell disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. He told Chairman P
ITTS’ subcommittee that the 
patient population ‘‘rising the most quickly is the elderly population . . . growing by double digits every year, and the reason for that is the medical conditions for which transplant is often the only cure tend to occur in older pop-ulations for diseases like acute myeloid leu-kemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, myelofibro-sis and others.’’ 
Breathtaking scientific breakthroughs have 
turned medical waste—post birth placentas and umbilical cord blood—into medical mir-acles treating more than 70 diseases including leukemia, lymphoma and sickle cell anemia. 
Not only has God in His wisdom and good-
ness created a placenta and umbilical cord to nurture and protect the precious life of an un-born child, but now we know that another gift awaits us immediately after birth. Something very special is left behind—cord blood that is teeming with lifesaving stem cells. 
In addition to currently treating more than 70 
diseases like sickle cell anemia and leukemia, cord blood units from NCBI banks are also made available for research on future thera-
pies. In groundbreaking research, Dr. Kurtzberg of Duke University also testified last June that ‘‘in addition to use in patients with malignant and genetic diseases, cord blood is showing enormous potential for use in cellular therapies and regenerative medicine. Cord blood derived vaccines against viruses and certain types of cancers are currently under development and in early phase clinical trials. Cells, manufactured from cord blood units are being developed to boost recovery of the im-mune system. Cells regulating autoimmunity (Regulatory T cells) are also in clinical trials. These approaches, which often utilize cord blood banked in family banks, may help pa-tients with Type 1 Diabetes, as well as other diseases.’’ 
Dr. Kurtzberg further testified that she and 
others are developing uses for cord blood to treat acquired brain disorders. ‘‘Over the past six years’’ she said ‘‘we have initiated trials of autologous (the patient’s own) cord blood in babies with birth asphyxia, cerebral palsy, hearing loss and autism . . .’’ 
Dr. Kurtzberg has also said ‘‘We’ve learned 
that when donor cells are infused into one’s body, they go to the brain and help heal the brain. When a child has a brain injury around birth, we can use their own cord blood cells to correct the damage that’s occurred.’’ 
Inportantly, during consideration in the Sen-
ate HELP Committee, language was added to direct the relevant agencies to study the state of science using adult stem cells and birthing tissues to develop new therapies for patients. Last year, Mr. Speaker, I visited Celgene Cor-poration of Summit, New Jersey to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal diabetic foot ulcers and how they’ve turned amniotic membrane—an old placenta— into wound management that has now ad-vanced past stage 3 clinical trials to the ap-proval and regulatory filings stage. 
H.R. 2820 authorizes $265 million over five 
years and will ensure that thousands of present-day and future patients benefit from the exciting field of regenerative medicine. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 2820. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b0930 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERV-
IST DEBT RELIEF EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4246) to exempt for an addi-tional 4-year period, from the applica-tion of the means-test presumption of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:38 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.006 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9336 December 16, 2015 
abuse under chapter 7, qualifying mem-
bers of reserve components of the Armed Forces and members of the Na-tional Guard who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to per-form a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4246 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVISTS DEBT 
RELIEF AMENDMENT. 
Section 4(b) of the National Guard and Re-
servists Debt Relief Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–438; 122 Stat. 5000) is amended by striking ‘‘7-year’’ and inserting ‘‘11-year’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C OHEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 4246, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Every day at home and abroad, uni-
formed men and women risk their lives to protect our freedom and way of life. Among those brave souls are military reservists and members of the National Guard, who have been called to duty in Iraq, Afghanistan, and in many other places across the globe. We are eter-nally grateful for their service to our country. 
The Federal Government has a re-
sponsibility to ease the transition of reservists and guardsmen back into ci-vilian life upon their return home. Some may return home with physical handicaps. For others, psychological challenges face them and their fami-lies. Some of these veterans and their families have suffered financial hard-ships, and, occasionally, bankruptcy is the unfortunate last resort. In a chap-ter 7 bankruptcy, debtors surrender virtually all of their assets to the bankruptcy trustee and receive a dis-charge from their debts at the end of the short case. 
In 2005, Congress made a number of 
reforms to the Bankruptcy Code under the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act. A signifi-cant policy goal of that Act was to ad-dress abuses of the chapter 7 bank-ruptcy process. To that end, Congress inserted into the Bankruptcy Code a 
threshold test to gauge whether debt-ors have disposable income that can be used to pay their debts. This is com-monly referred to as the ‘‘means test.’’ 
If debtors are able to pay some por-
tion of their debts from their dispos-able monthly incomes, then the filing of a chapter 7 bankruptcy case is pre-sumed to be an abuse of the bank-ruptcy system. Debtors can contest that presumption or can seek relief under other bankruptcy chapters, in-cluding chapter 13, under which they can restructure how to pay for their debts over time from their disposable incomes. 
In 2008, Congress recognized that 
military reservists and National Guardsmen sometimes confront unique financial challenges as a consequence of their military service. For instance, if these military members receive haz-ard pay during their service, that could actually inflate the results of the dis-posable income calculation under the means test, lifting them out of chapter 7 eligibility. So Congress enacted the National Guard and Reservist Debt Re-lief Act, which President Bush signed into law in October of 2008. This Act al-lows reservists and National Guards-men to bypass the means test, making it easier for them to file a chapter 7 case. 
The original Act expired in 2011, but 
it was extended for an additional 4 years. The exemption is, once again, set to expire on December 19. H.R. 4246, introduced by Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. 
FORBES , further extends the existing 
exemption to 2019. 
We continue to call on our guards-
men and reservists to serve our coun-try. We should ensure that those mili-tary members who fall on hard times are not denied access to bankruptcy be-cause of their service to their country. The bill before us today extends the sunset date by 4 years, at which time Congress will have the opportunity to reexamine whether this exception to the means test continues to be nec-essary. 
I thank the gentleman from Ten-
nessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. F ORBES ) for intro-
ducing this legislation; and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. C
ONYERS is the ranking member, 
and I appreciate his support just as I appreciate Mr. G
OODLATTE for bringing 
this bill to the floor. Bills don’t get to the floor without the chairman of the committee having recommended them; so I thank Mr. G
OODLATTE and I thank 
Mr. C ONYERS , as I have been thinking 
about the apology for slavery and Jim Crow that came to this floor 7 years ago but that wouldn’t have without the work of then-Chairman C
ONYERS ; so I 
thank him again. 
Today, I thank Mr. F ORBES and my 
other sponsors, Mr. N ADLER and Mr. ROHRABACHER , who have cosponsored 
this bill with me. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 4246, the National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015. 
This bipartisan legislation ensures 
that certain members of the National Guard and Reserves who fall on hard economic times after their service will continue to obtain the bankruptcy re-lief which we have granted them in the past so they won’t have to fill out sub-stantial paperwork that is required by the so-called ‘‘means test’’ under chap-ter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code and meet that test. 
The means test came into effect 
about 10 years ago when President Bush signed into law what is called the BAPCPA, the Bankruptcy Abuse Pre-vention and Consumer Protection Act, which made numerous amendments to the bankruptcy law. It provided a means test, which made it more dif-ficult to get into bankruptcy court. This gives National Guardsmen and re-servists an opportunity to extinguish their debts without having to go through that difficult test. 
The National Guard and Reservist 
Debt Relief Act of 2008 created an ex-ception to the means test’s presump-tion of abuse for members of the Na-tional Guard and Reserves who after September 11 served on Active Duty or in a homeland defense activity for at least 90 days. The exception remains available for 540 days after the service-member leaves the military. 
Many servicemembers, we know, are 
subjected to unscrupulous lenders and payday loans, and we have seen stories that show that up to, I think, 11 per-cent of servicemembers have been tak-ing out payday loans. Eleven percent of enlisted personnel in the Active Duty military obtain these loans, which in-clude vehicle title loans, pawnshop loans, and other high-interest loans; so they are preyed upon. 
In understanding they give service to 
our country and are preyed upon by folks near the military establishment in the communities, it is appropriate that we give them this relief. It is a way for our Nation to recognize the sacrifices made by National Guard and Reserve members who have served on Active Duty or in homeland defense since September 11 and who may be suffering from financial hardship. 
The bill is supported by the National 
Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys and by the Veterans of For-eign Wars. 
Again, I thank Mr. G
OODLATTE and 
Ranking Member C ONYERS and my fel-
low cosponsors; and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation that continues a very good practice that benefits our Guard and Reserve members. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.009 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9337 December 16, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong 
support of H.R. 4246, the ‘‘National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015.’’ 
It has been ten years since President Bush 
signed into law the Bankruptcy Abuse Preven-tion and Consumer Protection Act, a bill that made numerous amendments to the Bank-ruptcy Code, many of which pertained to con-sumer debtors. 
In particular, the Act established a means 
test mechanism—purportedly intended to de-termine a debtor’s ability to repay debts—that requires a presumption of abuse if the debtor has income in excess of specified thresholds. 
H.R. 4246 would continue the current ex-
emption from this presumption for certain qualifying National Guard members and re-serve component members of the Armed Services. 
This exemption, which was first enacted in 
2008 on a bipartisan basis, is due to expire in just a few days on December 19th. 
H.R. 4246 recognizes that some of those 
who serve in the military encounter financial difficulties during or in the wake of their serv-ice and that they merit relief from the addi-tional proof requirements of the means test. 
In fact, servicemembers are often targeted 
by unscrupulous lenders. As reported by the Wall Street Journal earlier this year, payday lenders prey on service members and their families at twice the rate that they use to tar-get civilians. 
These short-term, high-interest loans are 
often used to provide small amounts of money to pay for unexpected or emergency expendi-tures or to obtain advances on tax refunds. 
Yet, as a result of excessive interest rates, 
these loans can quickly balloon into over-whelming debt obligations. According to the Journal, some servicemembers have paid as much as 600 percent to 700 percent for the life of their loans, or even four times the amount of the original loan. 
In 2013, about 11 percent of enlisted per-
sonnel in the active duty military obtained pay-day loans, which included vehicle title loans, pawnshop loans, and other high-interest loans. 
So, at least for those servicemembers who 
seek bankruptcy protection in response to fi-nancial distress, H.R. 4246 ensures that they are exempted from the presumption of abuse if he or she is on active duty or is performing a homeland defense activity for a specified pe-riod. 
I commend the gentleman from Tennessee, 
S
TEVE COHEN , for his leadership on this legis-
lation and for his enduring commitment to our Nation’s servicemembers. 
Accordingly, I urge my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to join me in supporting H.R. 4246. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4246. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. EMERGENCY INFORMATION 
IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1090) to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1090 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emergency 
Information Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY OF BROADCASTING FACILI-
TIES FOR CERTAIN DISASTER AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) P RIVATE NONPROFIT FACILITY DE-
FINED .—Section 102(11)(B) of the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(11)(B)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘broadcasting facilities,’’ after ‘‘workshops,’’. 
(b) C
RITICAL SERVICES DEFINED .—Section 
406(a)(3)(B) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(a)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘communications,’’ and inserting ‘‘commu-nications (including broadcast and tele-communications),’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) and the 
gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C ARSON ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on S. 1090. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Currently, the Robert T. Stafford 
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act, also known as the Stafford Act, provides for assistance to govern-ments and to nonprofit organizations to rebuild damaged facilities following a declared disaster. 
S. 1090, the Emergency Information 
Improvement Act of 2015, clarifies the eligibility of certain not-for-profit broadcasting facilities for disaster as-sistance that is consistent with exist-ing policy. 
These stations provide essential 
alerts and information before, during, and after disasters and emergencies. In fact, these broadcasters are an integral component of our national public alert and warning system. Following a dis-aster, it is critical that these facilities get up and running as soon as possible to ensure the public receives necessary emergency information. For example, during recent major disasters, these 
broadcasters were critical to getting information to the public quickly. 
I want to thank Congressman 
P
ALAZZO for his leadership on shep-
herding this bill through committee and for getting it here to the House floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
S. 1090, the Emergency Information 
Improvement Act of 2015, would clarify the eligibility of certain broadcasting facilities for public assistance. 
Broadcasters are critical partners 
when it comes to emergency manage-ment in the face of a disaster. One of the best ways to prevent deaths and in-juries during a disaster is to warn those who are in harm’s way of im-pending danger. This allows people to take the necessary precautions to avoid injury and death and to minimize property damage. Broadcasters work hand in hand with emergency man-agers to provide this notice before a disaster strikes. After a disaster, the broadcasters’ role remains just as crit-ical. They continue airing information about ongoing hazards and aid recovery efforts by providing how-to informa-tion on accessing recovery assistance. 
From Hurricane Sandy to this year’s 
floods in the Carolinas, the emergency broadcasts save lives and keep people out of harm’s way. This is not just about large-scale disasters. When a vio-lent storm caused the sudden collapse of a concert stage in my hometown of Indianapolis, Indiana, local broad-casters kept a tragedy from becoming that much worse. Timely alerts en-abled Fair officials to clear the Midway minutes before the storm struck, po-tentially saving the lives of hundreds of people. We see this all over the coun-try every year. 
Unfortunately, broadcast facilities 
are not immune to hazards, which is why this bill is so important. When broadcasting facilities are damaged by a disaster, we must ensure that they are eligible for recovery assistance so that they can be up and running in time for the next hazard. 
I would note, Mr. Speaker, that this 
language is absolutely identical to the language that my good friend from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) has been so 
tirelessly advocating for; so I want to thank him for his efforts in bringing this issue to our attention and for his diligence in ensuring this matter was brought to the House floor. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I urge the passage of the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I give my full 
support of Senate Bill 1090, the Emergency Information Improvement Act. Congressman B
RIAN HIGGINS of New York and I sponsored 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.011 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9338 December 16, 2015 
the House version of this bill, and we are 
proud to see this simple but very important piece of legislation pass. 
Disasters strike every year in every corner 
of America. Hurricanes on the Gulf Coast and Eastern Seaboard, ice storms in the Midwest and plains states, wild fires in the West, tor-nados through our Nation’s heartlands and flooding in Texas, the Carolinas, and else-where. 
During a disaster, local public radio stations 
play an essential role in delivering information about response efforts, local relief supplies, evacuation orders and emergency routes, where to find food, shelter and fuel as well as on-the-ground, at-the-scene reporting to help affected communities understand and re-spond. 
Approximately 98 percent of the American 
population has access to a public radio or TV signal. Current federal emergency response and relief statutes are ambiguous on whether local public broadcasting stations are eligible for emergency financial assistance when dam-aged by storms and other disasters. This leg-islation amends the Stafford Act to make clear that local public radio and broadcasting sta-tions are eligible recipients of disaster relief. The Emergency Information Improvement Act brings greater stability to the availability of crit-ical information during times of crisis. 
Its passage by Congress will significantly 
boost our efforts to ensure that all Americans have the information they need when they need it during occurrences of natural and man-made disasters. It will guarantee that lo-cally licensed stations are eligible for federal disaster relief funding in the event their facili-ties are impacted by a disaster. 
I want to personally thank my colleagues in 
the Senate, Senators T
EDCRUZ and C ORY 
BOOKER , for introducing companion legislation 
in the Senate and for their hard work in seeing this important piece of legislation pass their chamber. 
b0945 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 1090. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FURTHER CONTINUING 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 78) making further continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: H.J. R ES. 78 
Resolved by the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Continuing Ap-
propriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–53) is further amended by striking the date speci-fied in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 22, 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Mrs. L OWEY ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the con-sideration of H.J. Res. 78. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present 
H.J. Res. 78, a short-term continuing resolution that will fund the govern-ment through December 22. 
This morning, we posted a full-year 
omnibus funding bill. The bill will re-sponsibly fund the government for the remainder of fiscal 2016 year at the level set by the Bipartisan Budget Act passed in October. We are set to con-sider it later this week. 
However, our current funding mecha-
nism expires today at midnight. To allow for enough time to read and proc-ess this legislation, it is necessary at this point that we pass another con-tinuing resolution to keep the lights on in our government. 
The legislation we have before us 
today simply extends current levels of funding for critical government pro-grams and services for 6 additional days through next Tuesday. It is very short and limited in scope, buying us enough time to shepherd the omnibus through to enactment and then for the bill to be enrolled, sent to the Presi-dent, and signed into law. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this bill, to give us the time to con-sider the full appropriations package, and bring the fiscal year 2016 appro-priations process to a close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
For the second time in a week, I rise 
in half-hearted support for the con-tinuing resolution before us. This is the third time the Republican majority has brought us to the brink of a shut-down in just the past 11 weeks. It has been over 2
1⁄2months since we passed a 
bipartisan 2-year budget agreement that set guidelines for appropriations. We should have final bills signed into law by now. There are no excuses for these constant delays. 
Unfortunately, Republicans’ insist-
ence on including dangerous, harmful policies in spending bills that would re-
strict women’s reproductive health de-cisions, harm the environment, and roll back consumer protections, just to name a few, delayed the ability of Con-gress to come to a fair, bipartisan agreement on time. 
However, we did know throughout 
this process that Republicans would need Democratic votes to pass the om-nibus. That is why I am pleased to say we were able to get rid of more than 150 poison pill riders, including those re-lated to women’s health, labor, such as efforts to block the fiduciary rule and the joint employer rule, consumer fi-nancial protection, clean air and water—all gone. However, I was dis-appointed we were unable to reverse a 19-year-old prohibition on Federal funding for the research of gun vio-lence. 
The budget agreement enacted in No-
vember provided additional funding, al-lowing us to make critical invest-ments, reflecting Democratic values. There are some large increases to the National Institutes of Health and the Army Corps of Engineers, for example, Head Start, energy research, COPS hir-ing, nutrition funding, and so much more. We also prevented further cuts to the EPA and other agencies rou-tinely targeted by Republicans. I am disappointed that the omnibus does not deal adequately with Puerto Rico’s cri-sis. It does carry the 9/11 health and compensation fund. The omnibus car-ries some tax matters, including the Cadillac tax and solar and wind tax credits. 
In all, the package is a mixed bag. 
Each Member will have to read the de-tails for him- or herself. 
While I will vote to keep the govern-
ment open today, Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve a Congress that does its job on time and puts the interests of hardworking families ahead of special interests. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 78. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the joint res-olution was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Concurring in the Senate amendment 
to H.R. 2820, by the yeas and nays; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.010 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9339 December 16, 2015 
H.R. 4246, by the yeas and nays; 
S. 1090, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 3654, de novo. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
STEM CELL THERAPEUTIC AND 
RESEARCH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2820) to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 421, nays 0, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 695] 
YEAS—421 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding 
Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—12 
Cuellar DeGette DeSantis Deutch Granger 
Herrera Beutler Hultgren Kildee Lipinski 
Slaughter Stivers Wilson (FL) 
b1030 
Messrs. BARTON and AUSTIN 
SCOTT of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN RECOGNI-
TION OF THE LIVES LOST IN THE SAN BERNARDINO TER-RORIST ATTACK 
(Mr. AGUILAR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise with a heavy heart to pay tribute to the 14 innocent lives lost on Decem-ber 2 in San Bernardino, California, in the terrorism attack at the Inland Re-gional Center. 
In the wake of this terrorist act, our 
San Bernardino community has come together and supported one another during this dark chapter in our region and our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my col-
leagues, fellow Americans, and those who hear this message around the world, to pray for the families of the 14 victims, the speedy recovery of the 22 injured, the countless first responders that helped that day, and for the health and resilience of the San Bernardino community. 
In the aftermath of this pain, I have 
seen firsthand the tenacity and the spirit of the area that we call the In-land Empire. We have said loudly, as one community, that this tragedy will not define us and it will not divide us. 
We will not be afraid to come to-
gether in fellowship, to work together, to mourn together, or to rebuild to-gether. Across faiths and across cul-ture, we will support one another in this time of need. 
Mr. Speaker, San Bernardino has 
been forced to soldier through difficult times before. As we face this new and difficult hurdle, I know my community will continue to stand together to show our country and our region the resolve of this city and of these people to heal. We are San Bernardino united. 
Mr. Speaker, I am joined by my col-
leagues, and I ask the House to pause for a moment of silence in honor of those affected by the terrorist act in San Bernardino on December 2. 
The SPEAKER. The House will ob-
serve a moment of silence. 
f 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERV-
IST DEBT RELIEF EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- 
minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-
ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4246) to exempt for an additional 4-year period, from the application of the means-test presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of re-serve components of the Armed Forces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.015 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9340 December 16, 2015 
and members of the National Guard 
who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that 
the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 419, nays 1, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 696] 
YEAS—419 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren 
Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce 
Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—13 
Cuellar 
DeGette DeSantis Deutch Granger Herrera Beutler 
Huffman Hultgren Kildee Lipinski Slaughter 
Stivers Waters, Maxine 
b1042 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. M CCARTHY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, there 
are a few certainties in life: death, taxes, and my good friend from Mary-
land (Mr. H OYER ) asking for a colloquy 
about every week, but the schedule of this House in December is not one of those certainties. So I rise today to en-sure that the Members of this body have the most up-to-date information on the floor schedule in the House. 
Currently, the House is scheduled to 
be in session and voting on Thursday and Friday of this week. Members are advised that we are expected to remain in session until we finish our business for the year. 
At this point, we expect to consider 
the tax extender package tomorrow, and the omnibus on Friday. Should there be any further changes to the schedule, I will be sure to notify the Members as soon as possible. 
b1045 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Can the leader tell me what the ex-
pectation would be for Members on Fri-day as to when would be a target date to complete business on Friday? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. We will convene at 
9 a.m. It is our anticipation as long as it goes as scheduled that we can be walking off the floor by noon. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for the information. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
f 
EMERGENCY INFORMATION 
IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota). Without objec-
tion, 5-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1090) to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act to provide eligi-bility for broadcasting facilities to re-ceive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 420, nays 1, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 697] 
YEAS—420 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin 
Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera 
Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.017 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9341 December 16, 2015 
Blum 
Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers 
Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg 
Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Massie 
NOT VOTING—12 
Cuellar 
DeGette DeSantis Deutch Granger 
Herrera Beutler Huffman Hultgren Kildee 
Lipinski Slaughter Stivers 
b1053 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 695, 696 and 697. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote Nos. 695, 696, and 697. 
f 
COMBAT TERRORIST USE OF 
SOCIAL MEDIA ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 3654) to require a report on United States strategy to combat ter-rorist use of social media, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3654, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. b1100 
HEZBOLLAH INTERNATIONAL FI-
NANCING PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2297) to prevent Hezbollah and associ-ated entities from gaining access to international financial and other insti-tutions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments 
is as follows: 
Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Hizballah International Financing Preven-tion Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Statement of policy. 
TITLE I—PREVENTION OF ACCESS BY 
HIZBALLAH TO INTERNATIONAL FINAN-CIAL AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS 
Sec. 101. Report on imposition of sanctions on 
certain satellite providers that carry al-Manar TV. 
Sec. 102. Sanctions with respect to financial in-
stitutions that engage in certain transactions. 
TITLE II—REPORTS AND BRIEFINGS ON 
NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND SIGNIFI-CANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL AC-TIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH 
Sec. 201. Report and briefing on narcotics traf-
ficking by Hizballah. 
Sec. 202. Report and briefing on significant 
transnational criminal activities of Hizballah. 
Sec. 203. Rewards for Justice and Hizballah’s 
fundraising, financing, and money laundering activities. 
Sec. 204. Report on activities of foreign govern-
ments to disrupt global logistics networks and fundraising, fi-nancing, and money laundering activities of Hizballah. 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 301. Rule of construction. 
Sec. 302. Regulatory authority. Sec. 303. Termination. 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— 
(1) prevent Hizballah’s global logistics and fi-
nancial network from operating in order to cur-tail funding of its domestic and international activities; and 
(2) utilize all available diplomatic, legislative, 
and executive avenues to combat the global criminal activities of Hizballah as a means to block that organization’s ability to fund its global terrorist activities. 
TITLE I—PREVENTION OF ACCESS BY 
HIZBALLAH TO INTERNATIONAL FINAN-CIAL AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS 
SEC. 101. REPORT ON IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS 
ON CERTAIN SATELLITE PROVIDERS THAT CARRY AL-MANAR TV. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership a report on the following: 
(1) The activities of all satellite, broadcast, 
Internet, or other providers that have know-ingly entered into a contractual relationship with al-Manar TV, and any affiliates or succes-sors thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.009 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9342 December 16, 2015 
(2) With respect to all providers described in 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) an identification of those providers that 
have been sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism); and 
(B) an identification of those providers that 
have not been sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order 13224 and, with respect to each such pro-vider, any information indicating that the pro-vider has knowingly entered into a contractual relationship with al-Manar TV, and any affili-ates or successors of al-Manar TV. 
(b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, but may in-clude a classified annex. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
ANDLEADERSHIP DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’’ means— 
(1) the Speaker, the minority leader, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
(2) the majority leader, the minority leader, 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 102. SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FINAN-
CIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS AND CONDITIONS WITHRE-
SPECT TO CERTAIN ACCOUNTS HELD BY FOREIGN  
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall prescribe regulations to prohibit, or impose strict conditions on, the opening or maintaining in the United States of a cor-respondent account or a payable-through ac-count by a foreign financial institution that the President determines, on or after such date of enactment, engages in an activity described in paragraph (2). 
(2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—A foreign finan-
cial institution engages in an activity described in this paragraph if the foreign financial insti-tution— 
(A) knowingly facilitates a significant trans-
action or transactions for Hizballah; 
(B) knowingly facilitates a significant trans-
action or transactions of a person identified on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury and the property and interests in property of which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) for acting on behalf of or at the direction of, or being owned or controlled by, Hizballah; 
(C) knowingly engages in money laundering 
to carry out an activity described in subpara-graph (A) or (B); or 
(D) knowingly facilitates a significant trans-
action or transactions or provides significant fi-nancial services to carry out an activity de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C). 
(3) P
ENALTIES .—The penalties provided for in 
subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that vio-lates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regulations prescribed under this subsection to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of such section 206. 
(4) P
ROCEDURES FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW OF  
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If a finding under this sub-
section, or a prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding, is based on classified information (as defined in section 
1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.)) and a court reviews the finding or the imposition of the prohibition, con-dition, or penalty, the President may submit such information to the court ex parte and in camera. 
(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
paragraph shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under this subsection or any prohibition, condi-tion, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding. 
(b) W
AIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may waive, on 
a case-by-case basis, the application of a prohi-bition or condition imposed with respect to a foreign financial institution pursuant to sub-section (a) for a period of not more than 180 days, and may renew the waiver for additional periods of not more than 180 days, on and after the date on which the President— 
(A) determines that such a waiver is in the 
national security interests of the United States; and 
(B) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees a report describing the reasons for such determination. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1)(B) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
(c) S
PECIAL RULE TOALLOW FOR TERMI-
NATION OF SANCTIONABLE ACTIVITY .—The Presi-
dent shall not be required to apply sanctions to a foreign financial institution described in sub-section (a) if the President certifies in writing to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
(1) the foreign financial institution— (A) is no longer engaging in the activity de-
scribed in subsection (a)(2); or 
(B) has taken and is continuing to take sig-
nificant verifiable steps toward terminating the activity described in that subsection; and 
(2) the President has received reliable assur-
ances from the government with primary juris-diction over the foreign financial institution that the foreign financial institution will not engage in any activity described in subsection (a)(2) in the future. 
(d) R
EPORT ON FOREIGN CENTRAL BANKS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that— 
(A) identifies each foreign central bank that 
the Secretary determines engages in one or more activities described in subsection (a)(2)(D); and 
(B) provides a detailed description of each 
such activity. 
(2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required 
by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may ex-
ercise all authorities provided under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section: 
(A) A CCOUNT ; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAY-
ABLE-THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘‘ac-
count’’, ‘‘correspondent account’’, and ‘‘pay-able-through account’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. 
(B) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(i) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the 
Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
(ii) the Committee on Foreign Relations and 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
(C) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘finan-
cial institution’’ means a financial institution specified in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), (J), (K), (M), (N), (P), (R), (T), 
(Y), or (Z) of section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code. 
(D) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(E) H
IZBALLAH .—The term ‘‘Hizballah’’ 
means— 
(i) the entity known as Hizballah and des-
ignated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or 
(ii) any person— 
(I) the property or interests in property of 
which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
(II) who is identified on the list of specially 
designated nationals and blocked persons main-tained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury as an agent, in-strumentality, or affiliate of Hizballah. 
(F) M
ONEY LAUNDERING .—The term ‘‘money 
laundering’’ includes the movement of illicit cash or cash equivalent proceeds into, out of, or through a country, or into, out of, or through a financial institution. 
(2) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—The President may 
further define the terms used in this section in the regulations prescribed under this section. 
TITLE II—REPORTS AND BRIEFINGS ON 
NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND SIGNIFI-CANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL AC-TIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH 
SEC. 201. REPORT AND BRIEFING ON NARCOTICS 
TRAFFICKING BY HIZBALLAH. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership a report on the activities of Hizballah related to narcotics traf-ficking worldwide. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, but may include a clas-sified annex. 
(b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 30 days after 
the submission of the report required by sub-section (a), the President shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees and lead-ership a briefing on— 
(1) the report; (2) procedures for designating Hizballah as a 
significant foreign narcotics trafficker under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); and 
(3) Government-wide efforts to combat the 
narcotics trafficking activities of Hizballah. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
ANDLEADERSHIP DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’’ means— 
(1) the Speaker, the minority leader, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, the Committee on the Judici-ary, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the majority leader, the minority leader, 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 202. REPORT AND BRIEFING ON SIGNIFI-
CANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership a report on the significant transnational criminal activities of Hizballah, including human trafficking. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.013 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9343 December 16, 2015 
greatest extent possible, but may include a clas-
sified annex. 
(b) B RIEFING .—Not later than 30 days after 
the submission of the report required by sub-section (a), the President shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees and lead-ership a briefing on— 
(1) the report; (2) procedures for designating Hizballah as a 
significant transnational criminal organization under Executive Order 13581 (75 Fed. Reg. 44,757); and 
(3) Government-wide efforts to combat the 
transnational criminal activities of Hizballah. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
ANDLEADERSHIP DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’’ means— 
(1) the Speaker, the minority leader, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, the Committee on the Judici-ary, and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the majority leader, the minority leader, 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 203. REWARDS FOR JUSTICE AND 
HIZBALLAH’S FUNDRAISING, FI-NANCING, AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that details actions taken by the Department of State through the Department of State rewards program under sec-tion 36 of the State Department Basic Authori-ties Act (22 U.S.C. 2708) to obtain information on fundraising, financing, and money laun-dering activities of Hizballah and its agents and affiliates. 
(b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of State shall pro-vide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of the actions described in subsection (a). 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the 
Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 204. REPORT ON ACTIVITIES OF FOREIGN 
GOVERNMENTS TO DISRUPT GLOBAL LOGISTICS NETWORKS AND FUND-RAISING, FINANCING, AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report that includes— 
(A) a list of countries that support Hizballah 
or in which Hizballah maintains important por-tions of its global logistics networks; 
(B) with respect to each country on the list re-
quired by subparagraph (A)— 
(i) an assessment of whether the government 
of the country is taking adequate measures to disrupt the global logistics networks of Hizballah within the territory of the country; and 
(ii) in the case of a country the government of 
which is not taking adequate measures to dis-rupt such networks— 
(I) an assessment of the reasons that govern-
ment is not taking such adequate measures; and 
(II) a description of measures being taken by 
the United States to encourage that government to improve measures to disrupt such networks; (C) a list of countries in which Hizballah, or 
any of its agents or affiliates, conducts signifi-cant fundraising, financing, or money laun-dering activities; 
(D) with respect to each country on the list re-
quired by subparagraph (C)— 
(i) an assessment of whether the government 
of the country is taking adequate measures to disrupt the fundraising, financing, or money laundering activities of Hizballah and its agents and affiliates within the territory of the coun-try; and 
(ii) in the case of a country the government of 
which is not taking adequate measures to dis-rupt such activities— 
(I) an assessment of the reasons that govern-
ment is not taking such adequate measures; and 
(II) a description of measures being taken by 
the United States to encourage that government to improve measures to disrupt such activities; and 
(E) a list of methods that Hizballah, or any of 
its agents or affiliates, utilizes to raise or trans-fer funds, including trade-based money laun-dering, the use of foreign exchange houses, and free-trade zones. 
(2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form to the greatest extent possible, and may contain a clas-sified annex. 
(3) G
LOBAL LOGISTICS NETWORKS OF  
HIZBALLAH .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘glob-
al logistics networks of Hizballah’’, ‘‘global lo-gistics networks’’, or ‘‘networks’’ means finan-cial, material, or technological support for, or fi-nancial or other services in support of, Hizballah. 
(b) B
RIEFING ON HIZBALLAH ’SASSETS AND AC-
TIVITIES RELATED TOFUNDRAISING , FINANCING , 
AND MONEY LAUNDERING WORLDWIDE .—Not 
later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the heads of other applicable Federal departments and agencies shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the disposition of Hizballah’s assets and activities related to fundraising, financing, and money laundering worldwide. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Financial Services, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act or any amendment made 
by this Act shall apply to the authorized intel-ligence activities of the United States. 
SEC. 302. REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, not 
later than 120 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, promulgate regulations as nec-essary for the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 
10 days before the promulgation of regulations under subsection (a), the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of the proposed regulations and the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act that the regulations are implementing. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the 
Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. SEC. 303. TERMINATION. 
This Act shall terminate on the date that is 30 
days after the date on which the President cer-tifies to Congress that Hizballah— 
(1) is no longer designated as a foreign ter-
rorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); and 
(2) is no longer designated for the imposition 
of sanctions pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking prop-erty and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism). 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to 
prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international finan-cial and other institutions, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this measure. 
In particular, I want to thank the 
gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. M
ARK MEADOWS , for being an early 
leader on this issue, focusing on Hezbollah and on this legislation. 
I also want to thank Congressman 
D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. He served for 
8 years on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee as vice chairman of the Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade. 
I would just mention that, as chair-
man of the NATO Parliamentary As-sembly Committee that researched and wrote the report on Iran’s nuclear weapons program, he has unique in-sights with respect to the threat posed by Hezbollah—not just to Israel, but to the West. We thank them both for their work on this measure. 
I also want to thank Senators R
UBIO 
and S HAHEEN for recognizing the ur-
gency of this problem and working in a bipartisan way to ensure that this leg-islation was able to pass the Senate so that today we can send it to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
And, most importantly, I want to 
thank my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from New York, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , for his work to push back 
against Iran and its proxies that threaten the United States and threat-en our allies globally. 
Now, I will say that this day is over-
due. This past May, the House passed this bill by a vote of 423–0. In fact, last Congress the House also passed legisla-tion spearheaded by Mr. M
EADOWS in 
the 113th Congress 404–0, which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.013 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9344 December 16, 2015 
other body failed to take up. Thank-
fully, this year is different because right now, Iran is on a roll. 
Last week we learned the regime 
test-fired another ballistic missile in violation of two U.N. resolutions. Meanwhile, Iran continues to hold American hostages. And its terrorist proxy—which is Hezbollah—is wreak-ing havoc throughout the Middle East. 
Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we 
confront this kind of aggression. We cannot stand by while the Iranian re-gime exports violence and exports its revolutionary ideology. That is why this legislation targeting Hezbollah is so important. 
Prior to September 11, 2001, 
Hezbollah was responsible—before that attack by al Qaeda—for more American deaths than any other terrorist organi-zation on this planet. In 1983, Hezbollah suicide bombers struck the U.S. marine barracks in Beirut, killing 241 Amer-ican servicemen, and in a similar at-tack in 1996, in Saudi Arabia, killed 19 American servicemen. 
Hezbollah continues to serve as 
Iran’s frontline against Israel, with 100,000 rockets pointed at our ally. The terrorist group also plays a key role in Iran’s effort to prop up Syria’s mur-derous Assad regime. Thousands of Hezbollah fighters freely cross the bor-der between Lebanon and Syria to join the fight. 
Unfortunately, the threat posed by 
Hezbollah and other Iranian proxies is poised to become even more dangerous. 
Iran is Hezbollah’s primary bene-
factor, giving the Lebanese political 
party and militant group some $200 million a year in addition to weapons, training, intelligence, and logistical assistance as well. 
Over the past few years, Iran has 
been forced to cut back its financial support to Hezbollah due to the inter-national sanctions regime that the Obama administration will dismantle in the coming months. 
As a result of the sanctions relief due 
to Tehran under the Iran deal, Hezbollah will see additional funding come its way, a boost that will benefit Hezbollah’s regional and international operations. 
With more money, Hezbollah will 
step up its aid to Shia militias in Iraq and Yemen in cooperation with Iran. It will increase its presence in Syria, and, most significantly, it is going to in-crease its threat to Israel. 
Finally, increased funding will help 
Hezbollah rebuild its capabilities be-yond the Middle East. A newly en-riched Hezbollah will be more aggres-sive at home and abroad, boosting its destabilizing activities inside and out-side of Lebanon. 
Yet, this is not a foregone conclu-
sion. This legislation represents an im-portant first step in pushing back against Iran and Hezbollah and repair-ing the damage that the administra-tion’s sanctions relief for Tehran has done to our national security. 
Hezbollah is worried, as this bill puts 
Hezbollah’s sources of financing under additional scrutiny, particularly those 
resources outside of Lebanon, given that many Lebanese banks have stepped up their game now to prevent money laundering. 
It will also promote the application 
of advanced antiterrorism and antimoney laundering methods to both financial institutions and business en-terprises operating as financial institu-tions, such as those adopted by re-gional banks, including many in Leb-anon. 
In addition to targeting the terrorist 
organization’s diverse financial net-work, the legislation also requires the U.S. Government to focus on Hezbollah’s global logistics network and its transnational organized crimi-nal enterprises, including its drug smuggling operations, key areas of ex-pansion for that terrorist organization. 
How do I know they are worried? Be-
cause they said so in their own words. After the Senate passage of this legis-lation, Hezbollah issued a formal state-ment condemning the Senate vote and describing it as a ‘‘crime’’ against Hezbollah. With their international networks, particularly their most lu-
crative networks outside of Lebanon in Africa and Latin America, in our cross-hairs, they should be worried. They should be worried. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this critical measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of the 
Hezbollah International Financing Pre-vention Act. 
The House first passed this bipar-
tisan legislation on May 14 by a vote of 423–0. That is as bipartisan as you can get. On November 17, the Senate sent the bill back to us with a number of very modest changes. By passing it again today, we send it to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
I want to commend my friend, Chair-
man R
OYCE , for being the driving force 
behind this very, very important bill. When Chairman R
OYCE introduced the 
bill, I was glad to join as an original cosponsor. 
I also want to acknowledge Rep-
resentatives D
EUTCH , M EADOWS , and 
MENGfor their had work on this impor-
tant legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, over a decade ago, I au-
thored the Syria Accountability and Lebanese Sovereignty Restoration Act, which is now law. My partner, I
LEANA  
ROS-LEHTINEN of Florida, and I pushed 
very hard for many years to get this bill finally passed by both Houses and signed into law by the President. 
This measure aimed to end Syrian 
support for terrorism, including sup-port to groups such as Hezbollah. Since then, Hezbollah has found new ways to siphon resources and expand its reach, all the while working toward the same goal: to undermine Lebanese political independence and support Iran’s dan-gerous agenda throughout the region. 
It is a bit ironic that the group that 
really controls Lebanon today is not really the Lebanese Government, but it 
is Hezbollah, which really has the same type of duplication, but they are stronger militarily than the Lebanese Government. That is a shame for Leb-anon. It really is. 
We know the aggregation that 
Hezbollah has had with Lebanon’s wars against Israel and being Iran’s proxy in Syria and doing all kinds of things that are detrimental to the world. Our laws to crack down on this group of Hezbollah need to keep pace. Again, their goal is to undermine Lebanese po-litical independence and support Iran’s dangerous goals. We need to be one step ahead of them. 
Iran is the world’s leading state spon-
sor of terrorism. Let’s not forget that. While the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Quds Force spread insta-bility throughout the region, Iran’s most destructive terrorist tool has been Hezbollah. 
Among other things, this heinous 
group was behind the bombings of the U.S. Embassy and marine barracks in Lebanon and the Israel embassy and Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, Argentina. 
Hezbollah’s nefarious activities are 
not limited to terrorism. The group has put down roots in drug trafficking and other forms of transnational crime. Hezbollah has become a sophisticated and complex terrorist organization, and we need a response adequate to meet this challenge. 
This legislation will move the ball 
forward by sanctioning foreign banks for knowingly doing business with Hezbollah. We need to send a clear mes-sage to companies getting tangled up with this terrorist group. That message is: Walk away or face the consequences of the United States of America. 
The bill would also shine a bright 
light on Al-Manar, Hezbollah’s tele-vision station, itself a specially des-ignated terrorist group. Chairman R
OYCE and I, working together through 
the years, especially listen to what is being broadcast. 
During the cold war, when we had 
Radio Free America and television broadcasts, we felt that the message that the United States was getting to these countries was very important. And we believed—both of us—that it did, in fact, play a major role in the collapse of the Soviet Union because they were fed the truth by us. We are strong supporters of continuing that kind of thing. 
Hezbollah uses Al-Manar for 
logistical propaganda and fundraising purposes. It defies reason that this sta-
tion is still carried by the satellite pro-viders all over the world. Can you imagine that? 
Let me say that again. This legisla-
tion shines a bright light on Al-Manar, which is Hezbollah’s television sta-tion—itself, a specially designated ter-rorist group—and Hezbollah uses this station for logistical propaganda and fundraising purposes. It is outrageous that this station is still carried by sat-ellite providers all over the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.024 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9345 December 16, 2015 
b1115 
We need to expose this puppet organi-
zation for what it is. Our government needs new powers provided in this leg-islation, and I am pleased that the House and Senate worked together to get the bill across the finish line. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation; and I, again, thank Chairman R
OYCE for pushing 
this, for being the driving force of this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), a member of the 
House Committee on Armed Services. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. I thank the chair-
man for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2297, legislation that will im-pose sanctions on international finan-cial institutions that knowingly en-gage in business with Hezbollah. 
Hezbollah is one of the world’s larg-
est, most dangerous, well-funded ter-rorist organizations. Trained, funded, and deployed as a proxy of the Iranian Government, with operations spanning several continents, the Shiite group has effectively taken over the Leba-nese Government and has launched thousands of rockets at Israeli civil-ians. 
There is no question that Hezbollah 
is stronger than ever. They have mur-dered Americans, Israelis, Syrians, and citizens of other nations. They have amassed an arsenal of advanced weap-onry, including 150,000 rockets and mis-siles; have made technological ad-vances; and have gained battlefield ex-perience in Syria, all which have helped turn Hezbollah into what could be Israel’s most dangerous enemy in a generation. 
The bill also requires that President 
Obama report to Congress on Hezbollah’s involvement in its drug business, money laundering, and other criminal activities—all of which are critical to funding its terrorism. 
We cannot jeopardize our national se-
curity and continue to ignore the seri-ous threat that Hezbollah poses to our country and to our allies, including Israel. While this bill is not a silver bullet, it is a huge step in the right di-rection. 
I thank the chairman and the com-
mittee for their work on this impor-tant measure. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT), who serves on 
the Financial Services Committee, who was a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, who has served as 
vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Congressman S
COTT is also a 
member of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly. He does such a fine job, and I want everyone to know he grew up in my district. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman and really appreciate that. I, certainly, want to thank Chairman 
R
OYCE for his very kind remarks that 
he gave to me concerning our work. 
Ladies and gentlemen of the House 
and ladies and gentlemen of America, we have before us, perhaps, the most singular, significant bill and thing that we can do right now to send a bold, powerful message to the world that we are going to finally begin that really intricate process, with determination, to dismantle one of the single most horrific terrorist groups on this Earth—Hezbollah. 
Now, why do I say that? I don’t say that just to get up and 
say a few words. I have spent 12 years on the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, and I have served as chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. For 3 hard years, we did the re-search, and we wrote the report specifi-cally on getting the real truth out about Iran’s nuclear weapons program. In the process of doing that, we discov-ered the intricals, the tunnels and all of the different things that gave sup-port to Hezbollah by Iran. This is why this is so important. 
Let me just tell you that almost the 
single, solitary, main purpose for 
Hezbollah is to destroy Israel. Make no mistake about it. Right now, they have already got hundreds of missiles point-ed toward Israel. 
How can we do something right now 
to address this? 
It is with this bill. You always follow 
the money, and the money trails are so complex. You have corporations; you have dummy companies; you also have individuals and third and fourth par-ties that our work found out that Iran works through. 
The language in this bill clearly 
points to and gives the President of the United States the authority. As a mat-ter of fact, it is almost like a very strong demand and request from us in the Congress. It is the executive branch that has investigative power. The CIA, Special Ops, and the entire military are at its disposal, including the FBI. 
We are the single most powerful na-
tion in the world, and it is about time we stood up and showed the world that we are no longer going to tolerate Hezbollah and that we are no longer going to tolerate Iran’s working through these third parties to make the people of Israel suffer and live under the conditions under which they are living. 
Let me get to the other crux of this 
matter. 
It is as I said on CNN, in my com-
mentary, that I was fighting very strongly against—and I talked with the President—and fighting as to how weak the position the Iranian agreement has put us in. Sure, they are going to get a nuclear weapon, probably within the next 9 years. That worries us. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. But 
the real Achilles’ heel in this Iranian agreement is where we simultaneously 
lift up the sanctions on their econ-omy—and they are thriving now—and also unleash $150 billion right away— cash. At the same time, we know that, with this cash, already both Russia and China have signed agreements to get the most sophisticated weapons there are. 
This bill will help us because, in sec-
tion 201, it very clearly states that the President shall identify any country that is helping to finance the terrorism coming out of Hezbollah. We will be able to track this. We are sending a powerful message with this. Once Iran has this cash, there is no boundary as to what they can use it for. I guarantee you, because Hezbollah is an arm—a very terroristic arm—of Iran, they will channel money there, and that will help us. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Fi-
nally, in my few minutes, ladies and gentlemen, we can’t stop there, be-cause Israel, as I said, is a target, and we have got to put forth a new memo-randum of understanding. We need to do this, Members of the House, and we need to do it right away. The President and the executive branch need to go to work and start identifying these people who are providing this support. 
There is another step we have got to 
go through right away. We support Israel with a memorandum of under-standing in the form of military aid. Right now, it is at $3.1 billion annu-ally; but, ladies and gentlemen, given the circumstances, we need to increase that to $5 billion annually. 
Now, why do I say that? I hope that my previous remarks will 
give support to that. At no time has Israel needed our help as they need it now. This was, in my humble opinion, a weak Iranian agreement. A lot was made out of it as to the United States and Israel. We need to send a powerful, strong message that there is no light between the United States and Israel and that we are going to send $5 bil-lion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. The 
other point is that our current appro-priations for Israel end in 2017. I want to repeat that because I don’t think the people of America know the aid they will get. Where would Israel be? It could have been blown away if they hadn’t had the Iron Dome; but it is be-cause we had an understanding—a memorandum—and because we are giv-ing them $3.1 billion. 
With all of this upsurge of terrorism 
all around the world now—right here in California just last week, in Paris, and all over—we may not think we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.026 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9346 December 16, 2015 
going to war, ladies and gentlemen, but 
war has been declared on the United States, on Israel, and on Europe. By George, it is time we declared war back on them. That is why we need to in-crease this memorandum of under-standing to that $5 billion mark for that year, and that will send a power-ful message as to how strong Israel and the United States’ relationship is. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of 
the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
the gentleman. 
First of all, let me thank our distin-
guished chairman for offering yet an-other important bill in the fight against terrorism, especially as it re-lates to Hezbollah. The Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015, has been very adequately explained by both the chairman and the ranking member. I don’t want to be redundant, but it is a very, very impor-tant bill that will make a difference. 
Hezbollah, as we all know, is a ter-
rorist organization and is a proxy of the Iranian regime, which directly threatens our close ally Israel as well as ourselves. This bill would help hob-ble Hezbollah’s ability to finance its terrorist activities, and it is strongly deserving of the support of every Mem-ber of this Chamber. 
This bill sends a message to the ad-
ministration. It seeks to mitigate at least some of the damage that has been unleashed by President Obama’s mis-guided policy towards Iran, and by an egregiously flawed nuclear arms deal that lifts sanctions that will free up billions of dollars for the regime in Tehran to finance anti-American and anti-Israel terror groups, such as Hezbollah. 
Let’s not forget that Hezbollah is an 
organization that has attacked Ameri-cans. It not only fires missiles unprovoked—like Hamas—into Israel, but it finances all sorts of terror and bombings, including of U.S. Embassies. Many of the terrorists associated with Hezbollah were involved with the kill-ing of the marines back in the early 1980s. One of those marines was Paul Innocenzi, from my district—from my hometown—who left behind his dear wife and children. She was left a widow, as were many others, by that horrific act of terrorism. 
I ask Members to support this bill. 
Again, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his 
leadership. I will remind my colleagues that, I think, to date, the chairman has had about 35—three dozen—hearings on Iran and on issues related to Iran. Every aspect of our misguided policy has been focused upon, as have the ideas that seek, to mitigate the dam-
age. This is one of those initiatives. Interdict the money flow, and you can help to stop some of the terrorism. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Colleagues, in closing, we all know 
too well that Iran is the world’s lead-ing state sponsor of terror and that its most destructive terrorist tool is Hezbollah. This group’s nefarious ac-tivities are not limited to terrorism. They range from drug trafficking to other forms of illicit activity. Hezbollah has transformed into one of the world’s most sophisticated and complex and dangerous terror organi-zations. 
H.R. 2297 is the adequate response to 
meet this challenge. On the terror fi-nancing front, this bill would move the ball forward by sanctioning foreign banks for knowingly doing business with Hezbollah. The bill would also ex-pose Hezbollah’s television apparatus, as I mentioned before, Al-Manar, which is used for logistical, propaganda, and fundraising purposes. 
b1130 
Again, I want to commend Chairman 
R
OYCE and commend all the other peo-
ple who worked so hard making this a reality. This will be signed into law. This will go to the President’s desk. I think we can all be proud, once again, of the bipartisan way in which the For-eign Affairs Committee works. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
I would just remind our colleague 
that, yes, indeed, Hezbollah has cost the lives of 260 marines and other U.S. service personnel. 
I would share with you that in 2006, 
during the second Lebanon war—during the Hezbollah war, as I would call it— I was in Haifa. At that time, I wit-nessed what were probably 4,000 to 5,000 rockets being fired over a period of time into Israel and saw firsthand the human cost of this. 
I mentioned the 260 marines that died 
in two attacks. Going down to the trauma hospital and seeing firsthand the 600 victims of those Hezbollah at-tacks, including the realization that Hezbollah had tunnelled underneath Israel’s territory to bring fighters up within Israel, you see the impact that Iran’s encouragement, money, and training is having on these terrorist fighters, and you see the consequence and the cost in terms of human lives lost. 
Representative E
LIOT ENGEL and I, 
after the Gaza conflict, by the way, were in one of these tunnels that came up right outside of a school. This one was coming from Hamas but, again, fi-nanced by Iran. The engineering work for the tunnels in Lebanon underneath the border there was, again, done by Iran. 
You look at these rockets, whether 
they are the antiaircraft rockets or the antiship rockets and missiles or the ground-to-ground missiles, where do they get these rockets? They get them from Iran. When I was in Haifa, there were maybe 15,000 of those rockets. Today, as you know, there are over 
100,000. 
Mr. E
NGEL and I have held a number 
of hearings on this subject. But those 100,000 rockets have a much longer range, again, thanks to Iran. Hezbollah, in the meantime, is gaining in its position and strength mone-tarily, both from the money it gets from Iran and from its clandestine ac-tivities in smuggling. We have an op-portunity with this legislation to cut off its international financing. 
I want to thank my colleagues for 
their work because we have got to have a strategy that cuts off their illicit ac-tivities and that holds other countries and banking systems accountable. We have got to go after the vulnerabilities that Hezbollah has in terms of sus-taining this terror network. Let’s cut off their cash and their support system with this legislation. I urge passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ments to the bill, H.R. 2297. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 571. An act to amend the Pilot’s Bill of 
Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDERS PASSPORT 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3750) to waive the passport fees for first responders proceeding abroad to aid a foreign country suffering from a natural disaster, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3750 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-
sponders Passport Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PASSPORTS FOR FIRST RESPONDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
1 of the Passport Act of June 4, 1920 (22 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.027 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9347 December 16, 2015 
U.S.C. 214), is amended, in the third sen-
tence, by inserting after ‘‘to attend a funeral or memorial service for such member;’’ the following: ‘‘from an individual who is oper-ating under a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with the United States Govern-ment, including a volunteer, who is pro-ceeding abroad to aid a foreign country suf-fering from a natural disaster as determined by the Secretary;’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the end of the first full fiscal year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of State shall submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate a report on the number of waivers of fees for the execution and issuance of passports to first responders under section 1 of the Act of June 4, 1920, as amended by subsection (a) of this section, for such fiscal year. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any ex-traneous material for the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I begin by thanking Representative 
D
ARRELL ISSA, a senior member of the 
Foreign Affairs Committee and the former chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for authoring this very straightforward piece of legislation. 
When catastrophe strikes overseas, 
America’s first responders deploy all over the world. They assist in some of the most difficult and damaged envi-ronments that we could only imagine: the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, the 2014 flooding in Paraguay, earlier this year following the earthquake in Nepal. Rushing to the front lines of human need, leaving their own families, they represent the true face of American compassion. 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
I
SSA) is at the cutting edge of this 
issue, and his trips to visit these spots speak on an issue that he knows of very well when he says that these brave men and women have saved countless lives on this planet over the years. This bill that he has written, the First Responders Passport Act, is an important amendment to the Passport Act of 1920, allowing the Secretary of State to waive passport fees for those first responders who have volunteered to serve our country and volunteered to travel abroad to aid others in their time of greatest need. 
Currently, the passport fee waiver 
can only be exercised for a very limited group, largely comprised of officers or employees of the U.S. traveling abroad 
on official duty. What this bill would do is to extend that waiver to include first responders that are working under a contract with the United States Gov-ernment. 
The U.S. Agency for International 
Development contracts with approxi-mately 450 first responders every year. These first responders are required to maintain a valid passport in case of im-mediate deployment, which can cost as much as $165 per passport for a first- time applicant. These fees are not cov-ered by the USAID contract or the country but, rather, are paid out of pocket by the individual. 
These first responders are serving in 
support of our national interests. They are putting their own lives at risk to provide immediate medical response following a natural disaster like the ’04 Indian Ocean earthquake, which un-leashed devastating tsunamis on Thai-land, Indonesia, and Sri Lanka. 
Many of the first responders that de-
ploy abroad come from the search and rescue teams based in Los Angeles County, California, and Fairfax Coun-ty, Virginia. Waiving the passport fee for those brave and selfless enough to help those in the greatest need is the least we can do. I commend Congress-man I
SSAfor doing this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Member 
ENGEL , my colleague and friend from 
California (Mr. I SSA), and my fellow 
Foreign Affairs Committee colleagues for their unanimous support in helping our first responders answer the call to service when a natural disaster strikes abroad. 
Every year, Americans bravely go 
abroad to help victims of natural disas-ters in foreign lands, such as the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, the 2008 cyclone in Yemen, and 2015 Hurricane Patricia in Mexico, just to name a few. 
Earlier this year, the world was 
shocked by the images of Nepal’s 7.8 magnitude earthquake that killed over 8,600 and injured over 16,800. The United States was one of the largest donors to the relief and rebuilding ef-fort in the wake of this catastrophe through charitable donations, DOD do-nations, and search and rescue oper-ations and efforts. The United States’ search and rescue teams searched for survivors trapped in debris. 
These first responders continuously 
put their lives on the line at home and abroad. Mr. Speaker, this is an example of American leadership. Their bravery and efforts do not go unnoticed. We should all do what we can to make their endeavors easier. 
Unfortunately, American contractors 
and volunteers, despite being coordi-nated by USAID, are subject to pass-port fees at their own expense when at-tempting to travel abroad in response to these disasters. To alleviate this ob-
stacle, H.R. 3750, the First Responders Passport Act, would allow the Sec-retary of State to grant their passports free of charge. 
I am proud to have introduced this 
commonsense bill with the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA) because con-
tractors and volunteers deserve the same treatment as government em-ployees when they are being sent abroad to offer their service on behalf of our Nation. 
Cultural diplomacy, like the services 
these brave men and women provide in the face of international disasters, is critical to our international image and international relations. I ask that my colleagues support this bipartisan, commonsense legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. I
SSA), a senior member of 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the author of this bill. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member 
ENGEL for bringing this, in a timely 
fashion, to the floor. I want to thank my partner in this legislation, Mr. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Now, Congress often does things and 
makes a lot of to-do about it. I don’t want to overstate this simple technical correction, but I don’t want to under-state it either. The fact is America is proud of people who volunteer or choose, in the worst possible condi-tions, to go in harm’s way, to go in devastation’s way. 
It is a small thing, but very meaning-
ful, to say that, one, they won’t have to pay for their passport out of their own pocket, and, two, although nor-mally the contracts for these first re-sponders come out of Los Angeles and Fairfax County, should there be a major disaster again that is beyond these first responders’ capability, the 
law will allow for anyone authorized by the United States Government to go and help in these areas to be granted, as necessary, a passport, including ex-pediting fees, in order to get to the devastation quickly and with a min-imum of bureaucracy involved. 
America knows about Haiti, Nepal, 
Japan, and so many other devastated areas over the last few years. Until today, America never took the time to simply say in this small way thank you to our first responders: Thank you for what you do. We certainly appreciate it enough for it to come out of the tax-payers’ pocket to make sure it doesn’t have to come out of your own pocket when you are going, on behalf of the American people, to help those in need around the world. 
Again, I thank the chairman for his 
leadership in bringing this in a timely fashion. I urge support. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. 
I would just say, briefly, that we are 
reminded each and every day that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.015 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9348 December 16, 2015 
American leadership abroad is needed 
now more than ever. Yes, this has a military component, it has an inter-national relations and diplomacy com-ponent, and it also has this soft power component. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a part of the soft 
power of the United States, harnessing the idealism and volunteerism of our people to do good for others around the world when they are most in need. This is a rather simple step that we can take to help those who are helping oth-ers. I am proud to support it, and I ask that all Members support our legisla-tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I would like to recognize the work of 
Representative I
SSA and also Rep-
resentative B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. I think that this bill, this First Responders Passport Act, is going to be an important change in the law in terms of encouraging people to be first responders. 
b1145 
By extending a courtesy that we cur-
rently grant to employees of the gov-ernment, we here have an opportunity to get first responders who have that expertise, those volunteers who travel the greatest distances to work in the harshest of conditions and to help those in greatest need. This, to me, I think is a great concept. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill so that we can take care of those who take care of others, our first re-sponders. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3750, as 
amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GLOBAL HEALTH INNOVATION ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2241) to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2241 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global 
Health Innovation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, the Administrator of the United 
States Agency for International Develop-ment shall submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health in-novations in the programs, projects, and ac-tivities of the Agency. 
(b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report 
required by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of— (A) the extent to which global health inno-
vations described in subsection (a) include drugs, diagnostics, devices, vaccines, elec-tronic and mobile health technologies, and related behavior change and service delivery innovations; 
(B) how innovation has advanced the Agen-
cy’s commitments to achieving an HIV/ AIDS-free generation, ending preventable child and maternal deaths, and protecting communities from infectious diseases, as well as furthered by the Global Health Stra-tegic Framework; 
(C) how goals are set for health product de-
velopment in relation to the Agency’s health-related goals and how progress and impact are measured towards those goals; 
(D) how the Agency’s investments in inno-
vation relate to its stated goals; and 
(E) progress made towards health product 
development goals. 
(2) How the Agency both, independently 
and with partners, donors, and public-private partnerships, is— 
(A) leveraging United States investments 
to achieve greater impact in health innova-tion; 
(B) engaging in activities to develop, ad-
vance, and introduce affordable, available, and appropriate global health products; and 
(C) scaling up appropriate health innova-
tions in the development pipeline. 
(3) A description of collaboration and co-
ordination with other Federal departments and agencies, including the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, in support of global health product development, includ-ing a description of how the Agency is work-ing to ensure critical gaps in product devel-opment for global health are being filled. 
(4) A description of how the Agency is co-
ordinating and aligning global health inno-vation activities between the Global Devel-opment Lab, the Center for Accelerating In-novation and Impact, and the Bureau for Global Health. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S IRES) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of the Global Health 
Innovation Act introduced by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES). I would just point out that, over the 
past two decades, we have made un-precedented progress in addressing some of the most difficult global health challenges of our time. Global rates of child mortality have dropped by 53 percent. Malaria deaths are down by 47 percent. Maternal mortality has been reduced by 44 percent. The eradi-cation of polio is within reach. 
Yet, despite these successes, we have 
a long way to go. The Ebola outbreak in West Africa should serve as a stark reminder of the global threat of infec-tious disease. Though child and mater-nal mortality rates have been dras-tically reduced, there are still 5.9 mil-lion children under the age of 5 who died from preventable causes in 2015. There were 830 mothers who died from preventable causes every day. I have been to Africa and have often seen the disastrous effects of these diseases. 
USAID’s Global Development Lab 
and Center for Accelerating Innovation and Impact is working to address these global health challenges by bringing together science, technology, innova-tion to develop low-cost, high-impact health technologies. 
This legislation, written by Mr. 
S
IRES, before us today seeks to support 
these efforts while bettering congres-sional oversight. It directs the admin-istrator of USAID to submit to Con-gress five annual reports on the devel-opment and use of global health inno-vations in its programs, particularly those relating to HIV/AIDS, to mater-nal and child health and to combating infectious diseases. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, for bringing this forward in a timely manner. 
I urge Members to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. 
I want to start by thanking Chair-
man R
OYCE and Ranking Member 
ENGEL for their work on global health 
and their efforts to bring this bill to the floor. 
I would also like to thank the many 
Members who have cosponsored this bill, especially Congressman M
ARIO 
DIAZ-BALART , who has gracefully acted 
as the Republican lead. 
Additionally, I would like to thank 
the staffers who worked diligently to bring H.R. 2241 to the floor for a vote. 
Infectious diseases and other health 
conditions still claim the lives of near-ly 9 million people each year. Emerg-ing health threats, such as drug resist-ance, pose a serious threat to human health across the globe. 
New vaccines, drugs, tests, and other 
health tools are desperately needed. Progress cannot be made without a sustained investment in research and development. 
U.S. investments in global health re-
search are central components of U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.032 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9349 December 16, 2015 
foreign policy to increase national se-
curity, strengthen U.S. relations around the world, and reduce infectious diseases. 
The U.S. has a legacy of leadership in 
global health research through agen-cies like USAID. That is why I was proud to introduce H.R. 2241, the Glob-al Health Innovation Act. This will provide the oversight needed to gain a clearer picture of USAID’s global health research and development. 
Over the years, research and develop-
ment projects have greatly expanded at the USAID, searching for advance-ments toward an HIV- and AIDS-free generation and preventable maternal and childhood deaths, and preventable infectious diseases. 
This legislation is an effort to keep 
up with the scope of USAID’s expanded efforts and ensure their research and development activities reflect their goals and priorities. This report asks them to provide clarity on their goals and metrics to better understand their work. 
H.R. 2241 directs the USAID adminis-
trator to report annually to Congress on the development and use of global health innovations in USAID pro-grams, projects, and activities. The re-port must also include how the Agency measures progress, investments, and developments toward their health-re-lated goals. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in sup-
port of H.R. 2241 to allow Congress to exercise its oversight powers and en-sure USAID’s research and develop-ment efforts reflect their priorities. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman 
R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL  
once again. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2241. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, the Global 
Health Innovation Act will enable Con-gress to conduct more effective over-sight of USAID’s effort to develop and expand access to low-cost, high-impact health technologies. 
I support this bill, and I urge its 
adoption. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2241, as amended. 
The question was taken. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I object to 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. TRACKING FOREIGN FIGHTERS IN 
TERRORIST SAFE HAVENS ACT 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4239) to require intelligence com-munity reporting on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4239 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tracking 
Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY REPORTING 
TO CONGRESS ON FOREIGN FIGHT-ER FLOWS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on for-eign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to each terrorist safe haven, the fol-lowing: 
(1) The total number of foreign fighters 
who have traveled or are suspected of having traveled to the terrorist safe haven since 2011, including the countries of origin of such foreign fighters. 
(2) The total number of United States citi-
zens present in the terrorist safe haven. 
(3) The total number of foreign fighters 
who have left the terrorist safe haven or whose whereabouts are unknown. 
(c) F
ORM.—The reports submitted under 
subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. If such a report is submitted in classi-fied form, such report shall also include an unclassified summary. 
(d) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit 
reports under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) in the Senate— (A) the Committee on Armed Services; (B) the Select Committee on Intelligence; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs; 
(E) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs; 
(F) the Committee on Foreign Relations; 
and 
(G) the Committee on Appropriations; and (2) in the House of Representatives— (A) the Committee on Armed Services; (B) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence; 
(C) the Committee on the Judiciary; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security; (E) the Committee on Financial Services; (F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (G) the Committee on Appropriations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBIONDO ) and the 
gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) each will control 20 min-
utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 4239. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, terrorism remains one 
of the greatest threats facing our Na-tion today. As a member of both the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the Committee on Armed Services, I have seen how the brave men and women of our Nation’s Armed Forces and the intelligence services battle this threat on a daily basis. 
But the recent terrorist attack in 
San Bernardino has highlighted that this is not just a threat to be faced by our servicemen and -women. We face this threat here at home, in our com-munities, from individuals who have been radicalized abroad and entered our country with the intent to do us harm. 
We must focus our intelligence ef-
forts and bring them to bear directly on the problem of individuals radicalizing abroad and traveling to commit terrorist acts here at home. We must ensure that this important infor-mation gets into the hands of our Na-tion’s representatives here in the United States Congress. 
The bill we are debating today will 
do just that. The Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act requires the intelligence community to report to Congress three important categories of information: 
The total number of foreign fighters 
who have traveled to terrorist safe ha-vens, including their country of origin; 
The number of U.S. citizens present 
in terrorist safe havens; and 
The total number of foreign fighters 
who have left terrorist safe havens or whose whereabouts are unknown. 
This information is crucial to policy-
makers. It will help Members under-stand the size and scope of the threats we face, the potential risk of terrorism at home, and how terrorist safe havens can undermine our national security. 
By ensuring that this information 
goes to a wide range of congressional committees, the bill ensures that rel-evant committees of Congress can begin to address this growing threat. 
This legislation is also bipartisan. I 
want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) for cospon-
soring this legislation. 
I want to also thank Chairman 
NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF  
and my colleagues on Homeland Secu-rity, Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking 
Member T HOMPSON . 
Before closing, I want to take a mo-
ment to thank the men and women of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.035 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9350 December 16, 2015 
this country who serve our intelligence 
community and our Armed Forces. I am honored to know so many of them in the course of my oversight work and to see their diligent efforts in helping to keep our Nation safe. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
First, let me express my thanks to 
Mr. L
OBIONDO , my colleague on the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the chairman of its CIA Subcommittee. 
I serve as the subcommittee’s rank-
ing member. I appreciate the bipar-tisan way that the chairman of the whole committee and our ranking member, Mr. S
CHIFF , as well as the way 
that Mr. L OBIONDO and I have ap-
proached this critical issue of foreign fighter flow. 
ISIS is one of the greatest threats 
facing the United States today. Defeat-ing ISIS means that the United States and its allies must be more coordinated in our efforts to scrub ISIS from this Earth and to protect Americans at home than ISIS is in attacking us. This will require a multifaceted approach, involving both foreign policy and the way that our intelligence community tracks ISIS here at home. 
The threat posed by foreign fighters 
who travel to and from a foreign zone or a terrorist safe haven and then re-turn to wreak havoc in the West is both real and persistent. 
The challenge is that, when these for-
eign fighters go to these countries, if they are not killed on the battlefield, oftentimes they learn even better training and are able to return either to Western Europe or other parts of the world or even the United States with improved training and an increased ha-tred for innocent people. That leaves us very vulnerable. 
b1200 
To help confront this threat, the 
Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act builds on important provisions in the 2016 Intelligence Au-thorization Act which require a report on foreign fighter flows into and out of Syria and Iraq. This would expand the scope of that report. 
This bill broadens this requirement 
by calling on the Director of National Intelligence to report regularly on for-eign fighter travel to and from any for-eign safe haven or terrorist safe haven. If we do not know who is going to fight in these hot zones, we will have an in-complete picture of our own vulnera-bilities. 
And, these reports have to be spe-
cific. They must include, for example, the foreign fighters’ countries of ori-gin, the number of foreign fighters who have traveled to or departed each safe haven, and the number of those whose whereabouts remain unknown. 
Importantly, to the extent a report is 
submitted in a classified form, it must also include an unclassified summary 
of the report’s contents. I appreciate the chairman agreeing to my request to include this unclassified require-ment. 
Increased transparency and public 
awareness is very important in the fight against terrorism. These broad, comprehensive reports will allow us to better understand the foreign fighter threat and, in turn, help all of us bet-ter protect our national security. 
Let me again thank Mr. L
OBIONDO . I 
urge my colleagues to vote in support of the Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ar-izona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 4239, the Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act. This legislation ful-fills a recommendation of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Task Force on Combating Terrorist and For-eign Fighter Travel, of which I was proud to be a member. In fact, our chairman, Mr. K
ATKO , and another 
member, Mr. H URD, are with us today 
to speak on this important legislation. 
Our bipartisan task force inves-
tigated America’s security vulnerabili-ties for 6 months. We produced a final report in September that made 32 key findings and over 50 recommendations to make Americans safer. Today’s bill, which I cosponsored, is the direct re-sult of one of these recommendations. 
We know that ISIS is adept at propa-
ganda and has used social media exten-sively to attract fighters to their cause. At least 30,000 people from 100 different countries have traveled to Iraq and Syria, including 250 Ameri-cans. But their calls to action now ex-tend past Syria and Iraq. In fact, our Task Force found ISIS now has a direct presence, affiliates, or groups pledging support in at least 19 countries. 
In my 26 years in uniform, including 
six deployments to the Middle East and Afghanistan and a final assignment at U.S. Africa Command, we watched for-eign fighters flow to safe havens in Af-rica and the Middle East to get train-ing and join the Islamic extremist fight. ISIS has accelerated this dan-gerous dynamic and is expanding, de-spite the President declaring other-wise. So our efforts to track these fighters should not be limited to Iraq and Syria. That is why our Task Force recommended that the intelligence community regularly track and update Congress on foreign fighter flows to all terrorist sanctuaries, which is what this bill requires. 
The administration’s response to 
ISIS can only be described as anemic. We must take decisive action to defeat the ISIS threat and protect Americans. 
I am pleased that, in the last month, 
the House has taken action on several of our Task Force’s recommendations. It is obvious that more work remains. And if the President won’t act, the 
House will. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting H.R. 4239. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ), 
the ranking member. 
Mr. SCHIFF. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act, and I want to thank Chairman L
OBIONDO , Representative 
SWALWELL , and the full committee 
chairman, Mr. N UNES , for their leader-
ship on this issue. 
This bill will help inform Congress 
and the public on one of the most pressing counterterrorism challenges we face today: the flow of foreign fight-ers from the West to and from Syria, Iraq, and other terrorist safe havens. 
The Paris attacks brought home the 
dangers posed by citizens of Western nations who can move easily between countries, traveling to Syria and Iraq to fight with ISIS, and who may then return home to commit horrific acts of terror and violence in their own coun-tries. 
Tracking foreign fighters is a con-
stant concern of the intelligence com-munity and an issue on which we re-ceive continual briefings. I believe these new reporting requirements will help keep Congress and the Nation more fully informed about this very se-rious threat to our national security. 
Of course, tracking foreign fighters is 
not enough. We have to redouble our efforts to staunch the flow of foreign fighters to and from Syria and Iraq. In addition to intelligence coordination, this requires a serious, substantial, and new commitment from Turkey, whose border with Syria has proven to be a conduit for a large number of fighters, as well as oil, money, and arms enter-ing and leaving Syria. 
From the Mara line to the Euphrates, 
there is a 60-mile stretch along the Turkish-Syrian border through which much of the illegal trafficking in fight-ers and goods flow to ISIS. Turkey must close that border to ISIS. It has the power to do so, but does it have the will? Thus far, the answer has been, tragically, no, and this must change. 
Turkey must stop the flow of foreign 
fighters from crossing into Syria to join the fight. Where the Turks have been unable or unwilling to stop that flow, Kurdish forces have stepped up and demonstrated much greater suc-cess. I believe that if the Turks are un-willing to do more to shut down the flow of foreign fighters and resources that cross that border, we should in-crease our assistance to the Kurds, who have proven themselves far and away the most effective anti-ISIS fighting force in the region. 
Once again, I thank the chairman 
and Representative S
WALWELL for their 
leadership on this issue. I hope that, in addition to these reports, we will also hear from the intelligence community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.037 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9351 December 16, 2015 
about actions that Turkey takes to 
close down this critical 60-mile stretch of border between the Mara line and the Euphrates. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
threat equals capabilities plus intent. 
ISIS has demonstrated that it has 
both the capabilities and the intent to attack the homeland. ISIS has ex-panded far beyond Iraq and Syria. It has affiliates that have carried out deadly attacks in Egypt, Libya, Af-ghanistan, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Tuni-sia, and France. 
Groups and individuals have pledged 
their support to ISIS in numerous other places, including the Philippines, the Palestinian territories, Nigeria, and Sudan. Tracking foreign fighters who travel to Iraq and Syria alone is not enough to mitigate the threat they pose to our national security. Terrorist safe havens around the globe are poten-tial petri dishes for bad guys aiming to do bad things to the U.S. 
ISIS has explicitly encouraged fight-
ers who cannot make it to Iraq and Syria to join their struggle in other lo-cations. It is imperative that our intel-ligence and defense efforts aim at tracking and stemming the flow of fighters to and from all terrorist safe havens, even those outside of Iraq and Syria. 
I was an undercover officer in the 
CIA, and I understand how important it is to track threat indicators early. We cannot wait until one of these foreign fighters in a terrorist safe haven at-tempts an attack. We must preempt rather than react. This legislation sup-ports our intelligence community’s ef-forts to do just that. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas for his service in the intelligence community, and I appreciate the bipar-tisan nature of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
E-
WELL ). 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, today, I rise in support of our Na-tion’s security and in our ongoing fight against terrorists and extremism around the world. As a Member who serves on the Intelligence Committee, the safety and security of the Amer-ican people is my top priority. 
H.R. 4239, the Tracking Foreign 
Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act, requires the intelligence community to report on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad. 
The recent horrific terrorist attacks 
that occurred in Paris, Beirut, and here at home in San Bernardino, California, not only shake our very conscience, but also cause us to evaluate our own security measures and intelligence pro-tocols. 
This bill expands on the approach to 
tracking foreign fighters outlined in the Intelligence Authorization Act, and 
requires the DNI to produce an addi-tional written report on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad every 180 days. Each report would include invaluable details, such as countries of origin, the numbers of U.S. citizen foreign fighters, and the numbers of foreign fighters whose whereabouts are unknown to us. 
The threat of extremists returning to 
the United States from the battlefields in Iraq and Syria are serious, and we must do what we can to prevent it. I am convinced that a more vigilant and robust foreign fighter tracking and re-porting process is critically important to fighting terrorism and combating ISIS abroad, as well as extremism here at home. 
We must evaluate our national coun-
terterrorism strategy and policies con-tinuously to ensure that we are doing everything within our power to protect the American people and to defeat and destroy ISIS and all terrorists that seek to do us harm. 
I want to congratulate the chairman 
and my colleague, Mr. S
WALWELL , for 
their leadership on this effort, and I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for introducing this bill, and I rise today in support of it. 
The tragic events in San Bernardino 
have brought ISIS violence to our shores. Attacks like this are aimed at undermining our democratic way of life and sowing fear among the citizens of our Nation. This threat must be de-feated, plain and simple. To defeat it, we need to respond in an intelligent manner that deals with the vulnerabili-ties and protects the constitutional lib-erties that we hold dear. 
The measure before us today 
strengthens our hand against ter-rorism, and I hope the House will join today in a strong, bipartisan manner to support this bill. 
I had the privilege of chairing the bi-
partisan Task Force on Combating Ter-rorism and Foreign Fighter Travel. Over 6 months, we investigated secu-rity gaps at home and abroad to deter-mine the best ways to make America safe. We heard from stakeholders here in the United States, Europe, and the Middle East, about the unique chal-lenges they face every day in com-bating terrorism. 
Out of this Task Force, we came up 
with 32 findings and over 50 rec-ommendations that will make our country and our allies safer, if adopted. This bill, Mr. Speaker, contains one of those recommendations, that our intel-ligence community should report regu-larly on the flow of foreign fighters to terrorist safe havens. 
The bill takes action to stop ISIS’ 
practice of encouraging fighters to go to what it calls provinces in places like Libya to carry out acts of terrorism by 
improving the sharing of information on the flow of these foreign fighters be-tween nations. 
Understanding where the enemy’s 
safe havens are and tracking and ana-lyzing foreign fighter flows will better allow our intelligence agencies and the Department of Defense to strike effec-tively and deadly and give us a better picture of the ISIS threat. 
As we leave to celebrate the holidays 
with our families, let’s leave having taken action on this commonsense bill that will make every American safer. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ). 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise in support of this legislation, which I believe is critical to our na-tional security and that of our allies. 
Public estimates indicate that over 
30,000 foreign fighters, including some from the United States, have traveled to Iraq and Syria. 
Over the last few years, Mr. Speaker, 
Americans watched as three teenage girls from Denver were arrested on their way to Syria. Ten young men from Minnesota were arrested—includ-ing the ringleader just last week—for a similar attempt. 
These young men and women, Mr. 
Speaker, and many others who make it to Syria, intend to carry out terrible atrocities against innocent people. Even more concerning, we know that some people hope to return and bring their fight to American soil. 
b1215 
As a member of the House Intel-
ligence Committee, I have confidence that the men and women in our intel-ligence community have the resources and expertise to keep us safe. 
Every day, they are tracking foreign 
fighters around the world, coordinating with our allies, and shutting down threats before they become a reality. We need to better understand this threat to create a whole-of-government response. 
Mr. Speaker, this information will 
help us conduct outreach into affected communities here at home so we can show parents what their kids are doing online and how to protect them from radicalization. 
Mr. Speaker, it will help us expand 
our support and coordination with our allies, including Turkey and Iraq, to show them what they can do, what we can do, and combine our efforts to stop these fighters. 
These reports, mandated in this leg-
islation, will show where terrorists are coming from and where they train. It will help us assess when they may be returning home and what precautions we need to put in place. In light of the attacks in San Bernardino and Paris, this is absolutely critical. 
I encourage support from my col-
leagues. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.038 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9352 December 16, 2015 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. M CCAUL), 
the chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
first thank Chairman L OBIONDO for his 
hard work on this legislation. And I want to thank the House Intelligence Committee for working closely with my committee to get this important legislation done. I can think of no more timely piece of legislation. I want to thank Ranking Member S
WALWELL  
from California for his hard work on this as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
bill. Hundreds of our people have been radicalized, lured to the jihadist safe haven in Syria. They have been joined by thousands of Westerners, forming a terrorist army unlike anything we have ever seen. 
These foreign fighters represent a tri-
ple threat: They strengthen groups like ISIS on the ground; they radicalize others back home; and, worst of all, they may be sent back to conduct ter-rorist attacks against us in the home-land. 
We saw this in the streets of Paris, 
where battle-hardened extremists re-turned from Syria prepared to kill. And here at home, we have arrested so- called returnees from Syria, including one individual plotting a terrorist at-tack in Ohio. 
Earlier this year, I launched a bipar-
tisan congressional Task Force on Combating Terrorists and Foreign Fighter Travel. One of their findings was that we must do more to track ‘‘the great jihadi migration’’ around the world. 
Our intelligence about foreign fight-
ers in Syria is improving, but as we have seen, the threat can change al-most overnight. ISIS is already urging its followers to go to its other sanc-tuaries in places like Afghanistan and Libya. 
We need to stay a step ahead of this 
threat, which is why this legislation requires the intelligence community to track extremist travel patterns and to report on a regular basis to Congress. It also requires agencies to monitor the number of U.S. citizens in terror hotspots and to report on how many in-dividuals have departed those loca-tions. 
This is the kind of early-warning in-
telligence we need in order to create a ‘‘firebreak’’ to slow the spread of Islamist terror, and to keep Americans from being lured to new jihadist safe havens. 
I would like to commend the task 
force for their hard work on this, in-cluding Mr. K
ATKO . 
And let me just say this. I get reg-
ular threat briefings, and I have never seen a higher threat environment than we have seen since 9/11, and it is from the flow of foreign fighters. 
We have 5,000 of them that have 
Western passports, 30,000 foreign fight-ers from 100 different countries; 250 Americans have left to join the fight, and, Mr. Speaker, that is just who we know about. Now we know they are commu-
nicating in dark space. As the Director of the FBI says, they have one simple message: Come to fight in Syria or kill where you are. Unfortunately, we have seen them too often come to fight in Syria and, unfortunately, just re-cently, too many that have come to kill here in the United States. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ). 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, in these 
trying times, Congress needs to provide leadership and answer the question: What really keeps Americans safe? 
ISIS has directed U.S. and Western 
passport holders to launch attacks at home and abroad, and this threat re-quires our vigilance. But it is foolish to think we can effectively combat this terrorism blindly. Congress needs an accurate estimation of the number of foreign fighters who have traveled to terrorist havens like Syria. We need to know how many U.S. citizens are cur-rently there, and we need to know the whereabouts of those who have left. 
Given that many of the terrorist 
attackers were European nationals, the need for this intelligence is crucial in the fight against ISIS and those who wish to harm the U.S. 
The Tracking Foreign Fighters in 
Terrorist Safe Havens Act provides for a more clear understanding of the real threats to U.S. security and allows Congress to work in partnership with our national security agencies to de-fend against these threats. I am happy to support this commonsense step to keep Americans safe. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers on this side, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, I want to thank the gen-
tleman from New Jersey for working in a bipartisan way to address one of the greatest threats that the United States, our allies, and people in the Middle East face today, and that is ISIS. ISIS is a brutal, growing force, growing in its influence and ability to carry out successful terrorist attacks, but also growing in its ability to in-spire others to take up attacks on their own. 
ISIS has been so successful these 
days that they don’t even have to order attacks here in America. Their success has inspired others to take up their own attacks. Until we are as coordi-nated as they are, they will continue to be successful. We saw, in Paris, that a number of the attackers were people who had traveled from Western Europe to Syria and then returned to carry out the horrific attacks we saw back in No-vember. 
But we can defeat ISIS. We have de-
feated evil as a country before, and this country works best when its leaders work to protect the American people in a bipartisan way, as we are seeing today. There is no silver bullet we can fire 
to stop ISIS. Instead, ISIS’ defeat will come at the hands of American leader-ship—American leadership in stitching together a coalition of countries will-ing and able to defeat ISIS—but also American leadership and its own intel-ligence community to protect us here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, let me close by reit-
erating my strong support for the Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist 
Safe Havens Act. The information that this will provide is an important step regarding foreign fighter training, and it will be of great importance as we continue to fight terrorism at home and abroad and secure our homeland. 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
New Jersey. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Once again, I join in thanking my 
colleague from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ). I think the approach we 
have had to this is exactly what we need in combating terrorism. 
It is hard to imagine, even just a few 
years ago, that we would be facing this threat that we face today and this threat of terrorism that we have seen, this barbaric face in Paris and in San Bernardino, the fact that the enemy is evolving in so many different ways, and the fact that we have to be right 100 percent of the time and that they have so many different avenues that they can pursue. 
This piece of legislation is another 
piece to the puzzle which will help our country and our agencies be able to fig-ure things out. Our intelligence com-
munity works tirelessly with law en-forcement to be able to figure out what the next challenge is. 
I hope the people of America under-
stand the expertise and professionalism that the intelligence community and law enforcement bring to the table to keep our country safe. I hope my col-leagues understand how important this legislation is and everyone votes ‘‘yes’’ to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
IP-
TON). The question is on the motion of-
fered by the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. L
OBIONDO ) that the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4239, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
STRENGTHENING CYBERSECURITY 
INFORMATION SHARING AND CO-ORDINATION IN OUR PORTS ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.040 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9353 December 16, 2015 
and pass the bill (H.R. 3878) to enhance 
cybersecurity information sharing and coordination at ports in the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3878 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-
ening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPROVING CYBERSECURITY RISK AS-
SESSMENTS, INFORMATION SHAR-ING, AND COORDINATION. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall— 
(1) develop and implement a maritime cy-
bersecurity risk assessment model within 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, consistent with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecu-rity and any update to that document pursu-ant to Public Law 113–274, to evaluate cur-rent and future cybersecurity risks (as that term is defined in the second section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148)); 
(2) evaluate, on a periodic basis but not 
less than once every two years, the effective-ness of the cybersecurity risk assessment model established under paragraph (1); 
(3) seek to ensure participation of at least 
one information sharing and analysis organi-zation (as that term is defined in section 212 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 131)) representing the maritime com-munity in the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, pursu-ant to subsection (d)(1)(B) of the second sec-tion 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148); 
(4) establish guidelines for voluntary re-
porting of maritime-related cybersecurity risks and incidents (as such terms are de-fined in the second section 226 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148)) to the Center (as that term is defined sub-section (b) of the second section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148)), and other appropriate Federal agencies; and 
(5) request the National Maritime Security 
Advisory Committee established under sec-tion 70112 of title 46, United States Code, to report and make recommendations to the Secretary on enhancing the sharing of infor-mation related to cybersecurity risks and in-cidents between relevant Federal agencies and State, local, and tribal governments and consistent with the responsibilities of the Center (as that term is defined subsection (b) of the second section 226 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148)); relevant public safety and emergency response agen-cies; relevant law enforcement and security organizations; maritime industry; port own-ers and operators; and terminal owners and operators. 
SEC. 3. CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENTS TO 
MARITIME SECURITY ACTIVITIES. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security, act-
ing through the Commandant of the Coast Guard, shall direct— 
(1) each Area Maritime Security Advisory 
Committee established under section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, to facilitate the sharing of cybersecurity risks and incidents to address port-specific cybersecurity risks, which may include the establishment of a working group of members of Area Maritime Security Advisory Committees to address port-specific cybersecurity vulnerabilities; and (2) that any area maritime security plan 
and facility security plan required under sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code ap-proved after the development of the cyberse-curity risk assessment model required by paragraph (1) of section 2 include a mitiga-tion plan to prevent, manage, and respond to cybersecurity risks. 
SEC. 4. VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENTS AND SE-
CURITY PLANS. 
Title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 70102(b)(1)(C), by inserting 
‘‘cybersecurity,’’ after ‘‘physical security,’’; and 
(2) in section 70103(c)(3)(C), by striking 
‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of clause (iv), by redesignating clause (v) as clause (vi), and by inserting after clause (iv) the following: 
‘‘(v) prevention, management, and response 
to cybersecurity risks; and’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-
woman from California (Mrs. T ORRES ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3878, and I urge its passage. 
Since the terrorist attacks of 9/11, 
the U.S. Congress has appropriated $2.4 billion in port security grant funds to protect port facilities against potential terror attacks. As a nation, we have done a fairly good job of updating the physical security at ports, but the U.S. Government has been very slow to en-sure that our ports are secure from cyber vulnerabilities. 
For example, cybersecurity of our 
Nation’s critical infrastructure has been on the Government Account-ability Office’s High Risk List since 2003, yet we have not fully engaged on cybersecurity efforts at the Nation’s 
360 seaports. 
The threat of a cyber attack is real, 
and, when addressing the protection of maritime critical infrastructure, we must clearly define the roles and re-sponsibilities for ensuring our Nation’s ports are protected. 
Under the Maritime Transportation 
Security Act of 2002, the Coast Guard is identified as the government agency responsible for ensuring the physical security at our Nation’s port infra-structure. This bill makes it clear that the Coast Guard is also the primary agency responsible for ensuring the maritime sector is prepared to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity risk and vulnerability. 
More than $1 trillion of goods—from 
cars, to oil, to corn, and everything in between—move through our Nation’s 
seaports each and every year. Like many industries in America, port fa-cilities and ship operators are increas-ingly moving cargo through our ports using automated industrial control systems. 
While this automation certainly has 
a lot of benefits, such as reducing the time that it takes to stock our shelves and lowering the cost of doing busi-ness, it doesn’t come without risks. These computer systems are control-ling machinery at port facilities to move containers and fill tanks and onload and offload ships. 
Terror groups, nation-states, crimi-
nal organizations, hackers, and even disgruntled employees could breach these systems, with potentially cata-strophic results to the Nation’s secu-rity and economy. 
Breaches in the maritime domain are 
particularly concerning, not only from an economic standpoint, but because the dangerous cargos, such as liquefied natural gas and other dangerous car-gos, that also pass through our Na-tion’s seaports are at risk. 
Just as we have hardened physical se-
curity at our Nation’s ports, we need to do the same in virtual space to protect the systems critical to the maritime transportation system against mali-cious actors. This bill does just that, and it requires the Coast Guard to de-velop a comprehensive cyber risk as-sessment specific to the vulnerabilities of the maritime industry. It directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to en-courage participation with information sharing to better streamline coordina-tion at the national level. 
H.R. 3878 is a bipartisan piece of leg-
islation, introduced by my colleague from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), and I 
give her great credit for this piece of legislation, working with so many Members on this. It actually is the re-sult of a hearing held by the Homeland Security Subcommittee that I chaired back in October on the subject of cy-bersecurity at our Nation’s ports. 
b1230 
The bill clarifies the Department of 
Homeland Security’s role in maritime cybersecurity as well as it ensures that port facilities work with the Coast Guard to identify cyber risks and vul-nerabilities and share best practices across the industry. This is the first step, Mr. Speaker, in protecting our ports from cyber threats, and I cer-tainly urge my colleagues to join this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. 
Again, I want to thank the gentle-
woman from California for her work on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3878, the Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.R. 3878, 
the Strengthening Cybersecurity Infor-mation Sharing and Coordination in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.042 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9354 December 16, 2015 
Our Ports Act, to ensure the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security takes a more proactive approach to address cy-bersecurity risks at our Nation’s ports and to improve cybersecurity informa-tion sharing and coordination between public and private partners at mari-time facilities. 
The United States has approximately 
360 commercial sea and river ports which use cyber technology to move over $1 trillion worth of cargo each year. The Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach and other ports in Cali-fornia account for almost 40 percent of the cargo entering this country, and nearly 30 percent of the country’s ex-ports leave through California ports. 
The Port of Los Angeles is the num-
ber one port by container volume and cargo value in the United States, see-ing around $1.2 billion worth of cargo each day. Each year, the Port of Long Beach handles more than 6.8 million 20- foot container units in cargo value at $180 billion and is the second busiest port in the U.S. With so much eco-nomic activity happening at our Na-tion’s ports, protecting the cyber net-works they rely on is critical to our local and national economy. 
This past October, the Subcommittee 
on Border and Maritime Security on which I serve held a hearing focused on the threat of cyber attacks at a port and how the Coast Guard is working with private and public partners to protect maritime critical infrastruc-ture against such attacks. This is of particular interest to me because many of the goods that enter through the Ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles come directly to my district where the goods are redistributed throughout the Nation. The hearing was called in re-sponse to a June 2014 GAO report rec-ommending the Department of Home-land Security take action to strength-en cybersecurity at our Nation’s ports. 
Mr. Speaker, the report found that 
maritime Sector Coordinating Councils are no longer active. These councils in-clude port owners, operators, and re-lated private industry associations. This means that today there is no one entity that coordinates information sharing between the ports, the private sector, and government stakeholders. 
At the October subcommittee hear-
ing, we received testimony that infor-mation sharing on cyber risks at ports should be stronger and that some ports lack the resources to prevent, identify, and respond to cyber attacks. To ad-dress these challenges, I introduced H.R. 3878, which will require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and the Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard to take several steps to enhance cyber-security at our ports. 
Specifically, it requires the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security to estab-lish guidelines for reporting cybersecu-rity risks, to develop and implement a maritime cybersecurity risk model, and to make recommendations on en-hancing the sharing of cyber informa-tion. It also requires the Coast Guard to direct Area Maritime Security Com-
mittees to address cybersecurity risks. These measures will create an environ-ment where DHS, the Coast Guard, ports, and stakeholders work together to enhance cybersecurity at our Na-tion’s ports. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chairman M
CCAUL and Subcommittee 
Chairwoman M ILLER for their coopera-
tion and the bipartisan nature of the staff discussions on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 3878. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gen-tleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 3878, the Strengthening Cybersecurity Informa-tion Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015. 
This bill by my friend Representative 
T
ORRES contains an amendment I of-
fered at committee, which makes an important change to the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002. 
More than $1.3 trillion worth of cargo 
travels through U.S. ports each year, making them a truly critical part of our Nation’s infrastructure. Any dis-ruption or slowdown of activity could have a tremendous impact on the en-tire economy, costing billions of dol-lars every day. 
Ensuring the security of our mari-
time infrastructure is a complex task and one that falls primarily on the United States Coast Guard. However, while the Coast Guard has the history and the expertise to provide physical security, its mission of ensuring that our maritime infrastructure is safe from cyber threats is still evolving. 
Currently, the Maritime Transpor-
tation Security Act of 2002 requires vessels and port facilities to conduct vulnerability assessments and develop security plans for physical security, ac-cess controls, procedural security measures, and communication systems. My amendment in committee added cy-bersecurity to that list. This addition will make it crystal clear that the Coast Guard has the specific authority to require maritime vessels and facili-ties to incorporate cybersecurity into their assessments and plans. 
The need for this change and the un-
derlying legislation was highlighted during a hearing before the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee on the topic of cybersecurity at our Na-tion’s ports. In that hearing, we heard how a range of actors—from narcotics traffickers to terrorist organizations, and even nation-states—could exploit cyber vulnerabilities at our ports for the purpose of smuggling illicit mate-rials or causing severe economic dis-ruption. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will ensure that we are better prepared to respond to the growing cyber threat to our Nation’s maritime infrastruc-ture. I thank Representative T
ORRES for 
offering this legislation and for accept-ing my amendment at committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the bill. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. I thank the gen-
tlewoman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3878, the Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, in southern California, I 
represent the Port of Long Beach, which is one of the busiest seaports in the country, is set to handle more than 7 million containers this year, and ac-counts for nearly 20 percent of all the loaded containers moving throughout our Nation. It is a critical link for trade between our country and Asia and is a linchpin for our national secu-rity and our national economy. In other words, the security of the Port of Long Beach is not to be treated lightly. 
I am not a stranger to the critical 
nature of the port, but we are now learning about emerging port-specific cyber threats. This body recently took the first steps to fight off the growing threats to our Nation’s cybersecurity with a number of bills and hearings on this topic. I am glad that out of those hearings, our attention now turns to the cybersecurity of our critical infra-structure, including the hundreds of cargo ports in this country. 
As a result of H.R. 3878, we would see 
working groups forming at our ports and coming together to address port- specific cybersecurity vulnerabilities. These findings would be shared with appropriate stakeholders, including Federal and local governments, port authorities, terminal operators, as well as law enforcement, in an effort to en-hance cybersecurity situational aware-ness at the ports. 
Mr. Speaker, I am confident that 
these working groups will continue to find innovative solutions in response to this emerging threat. Within the work-ing groups, I hope that they will codify key definitions and classification mechanisms and that they will come out of these discussions to ensure the effectiveness of the group. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to support this important bill. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
AHN). 
Ms. HAHN. I thank my colleague, 
Congresswoman T ORRES , for intro-
ducing this very important bill. 
Mr. Speaker, as co-chair and co-
founder of the Congressional PORTS Caucus and also as a representative of the busiest port complex in the Nation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.044 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9355 December 16, 2015 
I have long advocated for much-needed 
cybersecurity at our Nation’s ports. 
In 2013, a report by the Brookings In-
stitution found that there is a serious cybersecurity gap at many of our Na-tion’s ports, putting them at risk for an attack. A significant cyber attack at one of our major ports could bring commerce in an entire region to a halt and send shock waves throughout the national and global economies. 
This is a problem that needs to be ad-
dressed, but unfortunately, we do not have a clear picture of where cyberse-curity vulnerabilities exist at our ports. 
Earlier this year, the House passed 
my amendment to instruct the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to identify gaps in cybersecurity at the Nation’s 10 most at-risk ports and then to make recommendations for how we can ad-dress these problems. I am pleased that that amendment has been included in the omnibus that we will be voting on later this week. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill we are talking 
about today expands on this progress and is a great vehicle to identify cyber-security problems at our Nation’s ports. I would like to commend my col-league Congresswoman T
ORRES for 
bringing this important issue to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I have no further speakers. If the gentlewoman from California is prepared to close, I will then close for our side. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3878 will enhance 
our understanding of cyber risks at our ports and the countermeasures needed to mitigate them. 
With the increased levels of tech-
nology at maritime facilities, all pub-lic and private port stakeholders must share information and coordinate ef-forts to make sure that our Nation’s ports are protected from cyber attacks. 
Again, I appreciate the bipartisan co-
operation on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-
leagues to support H.R. 3878. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I simply, once again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3878. It is a very good bill, and it is a very impor-tant bill—again, in a bipartisan way— for the security of our ports and the homeland security of our Nation as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I speak in 
support of H.R. 3878, the Strengthening Cy-bersecurity Information Sharing and Coordina-tion in Our Ports Act. 
I thank Chairman M
CCAUL and Ranking 
Member T HOMPSON for their bipartisan work 
and stewardship of the Committee on Home-land Security’s work, which includes H.R. 3878. Congresswoman T
ORRES should be com-
mended for her hard work that led to the intro-duction of the Strengthening Cybersecurity In-formation Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act. 
H.R. 3878, requires the Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS) to seek to enhance cybersecurity situational awareness and infor-mation sharing between maritime security stakeholders, the maritime industry, port own-
ers and operators, which include maritime ter-minal owners and operators. 
This bill requires DHS to: consult with the Coast Guard to enhance 
participation by the Maritime Information Shar-ing and Analysis Center in the National Cyber-security and Communications Integration Cen-ter; and 
request that the National Maritime Security 
Advisory Committee report and make rec-ommendations to DHS on methods to en-hance cybersecurity and information sharing between stakeholders. 
The bill also assures DHS leadership in port 
security by requiring the agency’s maritime se-curity risk assessments to include cybersecu-rity risks to ports and the maritime border of the United States. 
Ports serve as America’s gateway to the 
global economy. The nation’s economic pros-perity rests on the ability of containerized and bulk cargo arriving unimpeded at U.S. ports to support the rapid delivery system that under-pins the manufacturing and retail sectors. 
My service in the House of Representatives 
has focused on making sure that our nation is secure and prosperous. 
A central component of national security is 
the ability of our International Ports to move goods into and out of the country. 
The Port of Houston is critical infrastructure: According to the Department of Commerce 
in 2012, Texas exports totaled $265 billion. 
The Port of Houston is a 25-mile-long com-
plex of diversified public and private facilities located just a few hours’ sailing time from the Gulf of Mexico. 
In 2012 ship channel-related businesses 
contributed 1,026,820 jobs and generated more than $178.5 billion in statewide eco-nomic impact. 
In 2014, the Port of Houston was ranked 
among U.S. ports as the 1st in foreign ton-nage; largest Texas port with 46 percent of market share by tonnage and 95 percent mar-ket share in containers by total TEUS in 2014; largest Gulf Coast container port, handling 67 percent of U.S. Gulf Coast container traffic in 2014; and 2nd ranked U.S. port in terms of total foreign cargo value. 
The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO), reports that this port, and its water-ways, and vessels are part of an economic engine handling more than $700 billion in mer-chandise annually. 
A Maritime Cyber-RISKS report published in 
2014 outlined examples of cybersecurity vulnerabilities that are specific to ports. 
The Cyberattacks examined included: Theft of money by deceiving a company into 
transferring large amounts of funds to a bank account owned by criminals; 
In 2013, the FBI issued a warning to mari-
time companies warning them of a fraud com-mitted against several companies using a man-in-the-middle cyberattack that resulted in $1.65 million in losses. 
In this attack an impersonation occurs when 
the email address of a trusted party is co- opted or taken over by an unknown 3rd party. The trusted 3rd party makes a request to 
change banking information that should be used to provide payment for legitimate serv-ices provided an established business relation-ship. 
The legitimate business is not aware of the 
request to change bank payment information. 
When the payment is sent, thieves receive 
it and quickly close the account so that the funds cannot be retrieved. 
Another malicious attack that does not in-
volve theft of funds can occur if the location of cargo information is deleted by a cyber- attacker. 
According to CyberKeel this type of attack 
happened to a shipping company in 2011. 
In this attack data related to rates, loading, 
cargo number, date and place were corrupted. 
This cyberattack meant that no one at the 
port could identify where containers were, whether they loaded, nor identify which con-tainers were on ships. 
Cyberattack that targeted technology used 
by companies who are taking receipt of cargo at port locations. 
The Firmware software code on handheld 
scanning technology that reads barcodes on containers was corrupted by malware. 
When the scanners were plugged into the 
company’s network the corrupted code started a series of automated cyberattacks that searched the company’s network for financial information. 
After finding the information, a connection 
was established with a computer in China. 
Cyberattack at the Port of Antwerp was run 
by a drug smuggling ring. 
In this attack the cyber criminals were able 
to gain control of the port terminal system that allowed them to release containers to their own trucks without the knowledge of port au-thorities. 
This attack is particularly chilling when con-
sidering our efforts to protect against weapons of mass destruction in the form of biological, nuclear and chemical weapons from being 
brought into the country undetected. 
This type of attack also has implications for 
persons entering the country undetected. 
The same attack carried out against port 
worker automated identification systems would open the door on a host of domestic security issues. 
Our nation has thousands of miles of coast-
lines, lakes, and rivers and hundreds of ports that provide opportunities for legitimate travel, trade, and recreation. 
At the same time, these waterways offer op-
portunities for terrorists and their instruments, and drug smugglers to enter our country. 
Cybersecurity at ports must be national pri-
ority, for this reason, I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of H.R. 3878. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ONOVAN ). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3878, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.045 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9356 December 16, 2015 
declares the House in recess until ap-
proximately 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 43 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 2 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Concurring in the Senate amend-
ments to H.R. 2297, by the yeas and nays; 
H.R. 3750, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4239, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
HEZBOLLAH INTERNATIONAL FI-
NANCING PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2297) to prevent Hezbollah and as-sociated entities from gaining access to international financial and other in-stitutions, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ments. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 425, nays 0, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 698] 
YEAS—425 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano 
Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes 
Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cuellar 
DeSantis Deutch Herrera Beutler 
Joyce Kildee Rangel 
Rogers (KY) 
b1430 
Messrs. JEFFRIES and GRIFFITH 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDERS PASSPORT 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3750) to waive the passport fees for first responders proceeding abroad to aid a foreign country suf-fering from a natural disaster, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 421, nays 2, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 699] 
YEAS—421 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer 
Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.046 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9357 December 16, 2015 
Connolly 
Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding 
Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton 
Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—2 
Amash Sanford 
NOT VOTING—10 
Cicilline Cuellar DeSantis Deutch Herrera Beutler 
Hudson Joyce Keating Kildee 
Meadows 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1439 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
699, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
699, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
699, I was inadvertantly detained and missed the vote on H.R. 3750. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
TRACKING FOREIGN FIGHTERS IN 
TERRORIST SAFE HAVENS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4239) to require intelligence community reporting on foreign fight-er flows to and from terrorist safe ha-vens abroad, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBIONDO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 700] 
YEAS—423 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost 
Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers 
Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.020 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9358 December 16, 2015 
Renacci 
Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Collins (NY) 
Cuellar DeSantis Deutch Herrera Beutler 
Joyce Keating Kildee Simpson 
Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1448 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Wednes-
day, December 16th, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to a death in the family. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 695, to concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2820—Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Authorization Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 696, passage of H.R. 4246—National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 697, passage of S. 1090—Emergency Information Improvement Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 698, to concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2297— Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 699, passage of H.R. 3750—First Responders Passport Act of 2015, as amended; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 700, pas-sage of H.R. 4239—Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
T
ROTT ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Min-
nesota? 
There was no objection. 
f 
WAYNE COUNTY STATE CHAMPS 
(Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commend the Wayne County High School football team on winning the 5A Mississippi State Football Championship. 
The War Eagles finished their 12–3 
season in a 45–41 victory over the de-fending State champion, Oxford High School. 
In the final minutes of the game, 
four-star defensive tackle Benito Jones caught a touchdown pass from Reggie Stewart, putting the War Eagles ahead. Earlier this year, Jones was named a Dandy Dozen, which is a title given to the top 12 high school football players in Mississippi. 
It takes resilience, perseverance, 
and, most importantly, skill to beat a defending champion on its home turf in Oxford. That is why I congratulate the team, Coach Todd Mangum and his staff, and the parents and administra-tors for bringing home the State title. 
We are proud of you. 
f 
TAKE OFF YOUR MASKS 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
the Las Vegas Review-Journal, which is the largest newspaper in Nevada and is one of the largest in the Southwest, was sold to a group of unknown inves-tors. 
We know little about the details of 
the sale except that the paper was pur-chased for $140 million by a group of financiers, including some who alleg-edly have ties to Las Vegas. We know nothing about the group, nothing about its business ties, its political positions, or its potential conflicts of interest. 
Several watchdog and journalistic in-
tegrity groups, including the Society of Professional Journalists, have rightly called for the new owners to be trans-parent and reveal their identities or risk having the quality and value of the information they provide rightly questioned by readers and employees. 
I applaud the many hard-working re-
porters, editors, photographers, and columnists at the RJ who have pro-tested this lack of transparency and journalistic ethics. 
It is time for the new owners to take 
off their masks and prove they have nothing to hide. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, being unin-
sured in the era of ObamaCare is about to get a lot more expensive. The pen-alty for individuals and families who cannot afford ObamaCare-approved plans will double next year. 
Congress will soon finalize a rec-
onciliation bill that will repeal this pu-nitive individual mandate tax. We urge the President to sign this bill for the sake of American families who can’t afford this penalty. 
Rather than punish Americans who 
can’t afford to buy ObamaCare’s expen-sive insurance with an equally unaffordable tax, here is a better idea: Let’s give uninsured Americans the freedom to purchase high-quality pri-vate insurance on a more affordable basis. 
House Republicans have and will con-
tinue to offer the American people an alternative to ObamaCare. We call it the American Health Care Reform Act. This legislation, which I helped draft and which I cosponsored, will actually decrease the cost of health care with-out growing government. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to end this 
costly experiment called ObamaCare and to actually focus on solutions that will lower costs and make life easier for the American people. 
f 
REMEMBERING AURORA GODOY 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize and to honor the life of 26-year- old Aurora Banales Godoy of San Jacinto, California, whose life was taken in the December 2 terrorist at-tack in San Bernardino, California. 
‘‘Rora,’’ as she was called by her fam-
ily, had a caring, loving, and happy personality, and she smiled a lot. She would always lend a helping hand when needed even without being asked. 
Rora graduated from Carson High 
School in California and attended cul-inary school. She worked for the San Bernardino County’s Department of Environmental Health. She married her high school sweetheart, James Godoy, and is mother to Alexander, a beautiful 2-year-old boy. 
Rora’s legacy will live on through Al-
exander’s happy demeanor and smiles. Rora’s passion was to be a great mom and wife. She enjoyed baking, scrapbooking, Disneyland, the Green Bay Packers, and ‘‘Star Wars’’ movies. 
We will miss Rora’s laugh; but as she 
would say, ‘‘What can I do to get through this? Smile. Everything will be okay, and happiness will come back again.’’ 
f 
BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as 
we remain correctly focused on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.022 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9359 December 16, 2015 
ISIS threat, less attention is being paid 
to Boko Haram. 
Over the past few years, Boko Haram 
has evolved from a regional to a global threat. Boko Haram is one of the world’s deadliest terror groups, and it has pledged allegiance to ISIS. It has also been almost 2 years since Boko Haram kidnapped hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls. 
I want to thank my south Florida 
colleague, F
REDERICA WILSON , for her 
leadership in reminding all of us about this tragic terrorist attack. 
We must bring back our girls. We are 
right to be concerned by the threat that ISIS poses to our national secu-rity and to the world; but we cannot ig-nore the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, ISIS, Boko Haram, and 
so many other radical Islamic groups are being given the time and space to operate; so we must redouble our ef-forts to defeat these Islamic extremist groups. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE LOS ANGE-
LES CONSOLIDATED SCHOOL DIS-TRICT 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have had both the sobering and serious responsibility of serving on the Home-land Security Committee since the hei-nous acts of 9/11. 
I rise today to give comfort to and to 
thank the Los Angeles Consolidated School District for its swift response. I know that the reports of its actions re-ceived conflicting commentary, but it had the responsibility for over 600,000 children. I believe, when administra-tors act seriously, competently, and thoughtfully, they need to know that we appreciate it. 
We live in very difficult and chal-
lenging times. It is a horrific person who sends false threats and who fright-ens the general public; but it is a wise leader who takes it seriously to protect his constituents. In this instance, the Los Angeles Consolidated School Dis-trict, its superintendent, and all of those involved in making the decision to protect those children did the right thing. 
We live in very difficult times, and 
we here in the United States are con-tinuing to try and define and refine our alert system and to do the kind of in-telligence work to provide our local au-thorities with the right information; but, as a parent, I congratulate them for standing up for the children and making sure that those children and teachers and others were safe. 
God help us that we will purge out 
the horrificness and horribleness of ter-roristic acts. b1500 
BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT 
(Mr. HARDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, we are $18 
trillion in the red. Specifically, our Federal debt, which is a combination of debt held by the public and debt held by government accounts, stands at $18.7 trillion. That means every man, woman, and child owes roughly $58,000 right now, and it will no doubt rise day by day. 
At the beginning of the year 2000, we 
were $5 trillion underwater. Fast-for-ward a few years to when President Obama took office, and we were ap-proximately $10 trillion in debt. Today, we are almost double that. 
I came to Congress to make the dif-
ficult decisions to help put our Nation back on the path of growth, because right now I am fearful that my chil-dren and my grandchildren will not have the same opportunities. 
It is for these reasons that I have au-
thored and introduced a balanced budg-et amendment. In fact, 45 States have some type of balanced budget require-ment already in law. It is time the Fed-eral Government follows suit. 
My amendment will prohibit outlays 
from exceeding receipts. It will prevent Congress from raising the debt ceiling. It will prevent the President—any President—from instituting an execu-tive order without first presenting Con-gress a balanced budget. 
Every business and every family bal-
ances their budget. It is time for the Federal Government to do the same. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND ALBERT E. 
CHEW, JR. 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of a community leader, Reverend Albert E. Chew, Jr. 
Reverend Chew was born in a little 
town in east Texas and moved to Fort Worth, where he served as pastor of the Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church for 56 years. I can tell you that, during his time at Shiloh, Reverend Chew not only impacted the Northside commu-nity where the church was located, but the greater overall Fort Worth and Tarrant County communities. 
Reverend Chew served on the Fort 
Worth Human Relations Commission, the Missionary Baptist Church General Convention of Texas, and also was one of the early founders of a group, the Black Ecumenical Leadership Alliance, also known as BELA. His church was very committed to the NAACP and often held various NAACP meetings at the church. Reverend Chew, previous to his service in the ministry, was also a veteran of World War II. 
He will be greatly missed in the Fort 
Worth community. He was a great gen-tleman, a legend. Let’s pray for our friends at the Shiloh Missionary Bap-
tist Church. 
f 
REMEMBERING GRETCHEN QUIE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of former Min-nesota First Lady Gretchen Quie, who, sadly, passed away this past weekend. 
Gretchen grew up in Minneapolis and 
graduated from Central High School before heading to St. Olaf College, where she met her future husband, Al Quie. 
Gretchen was active in local church 
and civic organizations and was by her husband’s side as he served 21 years here in the United States Congress and 4 years as Governor of the State of Minnesota. 
With an eye for art, Gretchen was in-
strumental in upgrading the Minnesota Governor’s residence and opening it up to the public. She would often host ‘‘Night at the Mansion’’ programs, where Minnesotans were invited to have dinner and then stay the night. 
Gretchen Quie was also a member of 
Minnetonka Lutheran Church and a community leader, serving on a num-ber of nonprofit boards. 
Minnesotans’ thoughts and prayers 
are with Governor Quie, his family, their five children, their 29 grand-children and great-grandchildren. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND SAM 
‘‘PAPA’’ CRAIG, JR. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments and the contributions of Reverend Sam Craig, Jr., and to offer my condolences to his family. 
Reverend Craig passed away peace-
fully on the 29th of November this year. He was 91 years old, and he is sur-vived by his wife, Catherine Caldwell. 
Reverend Craig was the assistant 
pastor at First Baptist Church in Santa Ana, where he was a member for over 42 years. 
Reverend Craig enlisted in the Ma-
rines Corps in 1947, and he served with honor for 22 years. He served in World War II, in the Korean war, and in Viet-nam, and eventually retired in 1969 as a warrant officer. 
After retiring from the military, he 
taught for 17 years in our local Santa Ana Unified School District as both an elementary and a junior high school teacher. 
Reverend Craig was committed to his 
church, and he had a passion. He had a passion for teaching Bible study and for leading the Mission Society. Rev-erend Craig’s dedication to education, to community service, and to his faith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.055 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9360 December 16, 2015 
is highly commendable. The people of 
California’s 46th Congressional District will miss him. 
f 
HONORING AM GENERAL CEO 
CHARLIE HALL ON HIS RETIRE-MENT 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the service of Char-lie Hall as he retires as CEO of AM General after 5 years of leadership of this iconic company, the manufacturer of the Humvee. 
A natural and driven born leader, 
Hall joined AM General as CEO in Jan-uary 2011 and led a top-to-bottom revi-talization by launching key partner-ships with the National Guard and Re-serve, bolstering foreign military sales, and diversifying the company’s com-mercial portfolio. 
Hall is known for his collaborative, 
deliberative, no-nonsense leadership style and has never lost track of his top priority, delivering the best, light tactical vehicles on the planet for our men and women in uniform. Under his leadership, AM General has truly been transformed and now stands poised for a very bright future. 
On behalf of the outstanding work-
force at AM General and all Hoosiers in the Second Congressional District, I thank Charlie Hall for having such an extraordinary impact on this company and for serving as a role model for the next generation of leaders in our com-munity. I wish him and his family the very best in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING BRIGADIER GENERAL 
HERBERT JACK LLOYD 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to honor an American pa-triot and hero. On December 10, 2015, Brigadier General Herbert Jack Lloyd was called home to be with his Savior, away from the war and strife he knew most all of his adult life. 
General Lloyd served 35 years in the 
United States Army, moving from pri-vate to brigadier general, commanding at entry level from squad leader to as-sistant division commander. On July 16, 2014, General Lloyd was inducted into the Army Ranger Hall of Fame. Brigadier General Lloyd has received numerous decorations throughout his service, including three combat jumps with the 6th Vietnamese Parachute Battalion, two Silver Stars, seven Bronze Stars, and two Purple Hearts. 
Mr. Speaker, though I could expound 
on the godly, courageous, and patriotic life lived by General Lloyd, I will sim-ply read a sentence from the General’s obituary that he wrote himself: ‘‘If there is nothing worth dying for—in this sense—there is nothing worth liv-
ing for.’’ I believe this speaks directly to who General Lloyd was as a man. He lived his life in complete service to God, country, and family. 
I offer my most heartfelt condolences 
to his son, Mark; daughter-in-law, Beth; and his grandchildren, Hannah and Matthew. May the general’s exam-ple and memories continue to live on in Hope, Arkansas, and around the world. 
f 
WEAR RED WEDNESDAY 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
today is Wear Red Wednesday to bring back our girls. 
As millions here in America prepare 
for the holidays, we must think of the Nigerians whose celebrations will be tempered by fear and sorrow. Think of the Nigerian Christians fearful of fully celebrating Christmas and attending their places of worship, haunted by the Boko Haram Christmas Day church bombings of years past. 
Think of the families that were dev-
astated 611 days ago by the kidnapping of the Chibok girls. For these families, Christmas is a sobering reminder that their precious sisters and daughters are gone. 
Please include these 219 girls and 
their families in your Christmas pray-ers this year. Pray that next year they will enjoy a peaceful and joyous Christ-mas together. 
Please continue to tweet, tweet, 
tweet #bringbackourgirls. Tweet, tweet, tweet #joinrepwilson. 
f 
FUTURE FORUM: CLIMATE 
CHANGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to kick off the latest Future Forum Special Order hour. Today we will be talking about something of unique importance to millennials across the United States and, in fact, the world: climate change and what we do about it. 
Joining me today are Members from 
across our country. We have Congress-man B
OYLE from the Philadelphia area, 
Congressman L IEUfrom the Los Ange-
les area, and Congressman G ALLEGO  
from the Phoenix area. 
Why is the risk of climate change so 
unique and important to millennials? Well, they know that the very world in which they live—and the one that we will give to our children—is in danger of experiencing catastrophic environ-mental changes. It is our future that is on the line, and it is our future that is in danger. 
I also encourage anyone watching 
this to participate in the conversation at #futureforum, and I will engage our 
Members under that hashtag. 
First, I want to start with Congress-
man L
IEU. 
I would ask you, Congressman, in the 
Los Angeles area, a place where young people are thriving and young people across the world are moving to, what are you hearing from millennials in the Los Angeles area? 
Is it anything like what I heard in 
southern California when S
COTT 
PETERS and I were down there last 
month and we talked to students at the University of California, San Diego, and we had a word cloud? This is where you ask participants in the audience to text in what issue is most important to them, and the one that is more impor-tant gets bigger and bigger in font size. As you can see here in this photograph, climate was the number one issue on the minds of people down in San Diego. Is that what you are hearing in the Los Angeles area? 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU). 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Abso-
lutely. That is why I am very pleased and proud that the University of Cali-fornia system became the first, and currently the only, university to be a part of Bill Gates’ breakthrough en-ergy fund. 
We are taking some great steps in 
California to mitigate carbon pollu-tion. As you know, California passed the Global Warming Solutions Act last decade, and it is one of the strongest laws in the world. One of the first bills I authored seeks to replicate Califor-nia’s laws nationwide. 
It is an important issue for 
millennials because it is going to di-rectly affect you in the coming dec-ades. It is going to affect our children and grandchildren. So we need to make sure that we mitigate carbon pollution. 
All of us are busy. We all deal with a 
thousand issues, but carbon pollution is the one issue that can kill humanity as a species if we don’t do anything about it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you, Congressman L
IEU. 
Something that is quite interesting 
to me is that for millennials, when polled or asked about climate change, it is not a partisan issue. In this House, it feels quite like a partisan issue. 
My question for Congressman B
OYLE : 
Across the country from Los Angeles, is addressing climate change a partisan issue, and what are you hearing from millennials in the Philadelphia area? 
I yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). 
b1515 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. First, I just want to commend the gentleman Mr. S
WALWELL for his 
excellent leadership when it comes to this issue of utmost importance to our generation, but also to all the other issues that face our generation, espe-cially the student loan debt issue that he and I have spoken about a number of times here on this House floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.057 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9361 December 16, 2015 
With respect to climate change, this 
should not be a partisan issue. Indeed, in Europe, for decades, centre-right parties acknowledged and still to this day acknowledge the existence of glob-al climate change and work to address it. 
Here in the United States, however, 
it has, unfortunately, become a par-tisan issue. Yet, what is so interesting is that, when I go about my district in Philadelphia and in suburban Philadel-phia and Montgomery County, Penn-sylvania, and I speak specifically to small-business owners, small-business owners, by the way, at least half of whom are probably Republican, each and every one of them is talking to me about ways and investments that they are making to ensure that they can get more bang for their buck when it comes to energy and things that they are doing, investments that they are making to ensure that we do better as far as the environment, yet at the same time also reduce costs. 
I did a tour back in the spring of a 
major company in my district that has made a massive investment in terms of solar panels on the roofs. This is a major facility, a family-owned busi-ness. This is not an insignificant amount of money they have spent in terms of this investment. They would not be doing so if they thought this was a hoax. They would not be doing so if they thought, by transitioning to re-newables, they are able to bring down their energy costs and pour more money back into their business. 
We need to end, especially in this 
House, this false dichotomy between doing what is right for our economy and doing what is right for our climate and for the next generation. The fact is, if we are smart and show the best of American ingenuity, we can do both. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Con-
gressman G
ALLEGO , I am curious. You 
look at this poster board, and we see that 73 percent of people aged 18 to 29 believe that the Earth is warming. Clearly, 73 percent of people in that age range are not Democrats. They are not Republicans. In fact, young people are quite independent minded. 
Are you finding that people in your 
congressional district in the Phoenix area believe that the Earth is warming and that mankind is not only respon-sible for that, but has an obligation to do something about it? 
Mr. GALLEGO. Well, in Phoenix, we 
are always used to pretty warm weath-er. Of course, as of late, we actually have noticed it has actually gotten a lot, lot warmer, and we are worried. 
Within that 73 percent range, you 
will meet a lot of people from all demo-graphic backgrounds, especially Latino and African American communities, that are particularly worried. These are the communities that are growing still, a very young population, but also, unfortunately, tend to have less money. 
What that means is, when it gets hot-
ter—and it continues to get hotter in Arizona—and they are going to have to 
pay for higher air-conditioning costs or are going to have to pay more for water service, they are the ones who are going to be directly impacted by climate change. 
These young people—the average age 
of the Latino in Arizona is about 25— have to see into the future. What they see in the future is a State and a coun-try that is warmer, that has less water, and that did not make the kind of en-ergy investments that we could have done for many years. 
Right now the politicians of today do 
not have the vision for the new energy future. That is why you see those high numbers. Those high numbers are a di-rect reflection of young millennials who really, truly care about the future and are projecting into the future what they think is important for stability of not just this country, but the popu-lation on Earth. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Now, 
Congressman L
IEU, talking about this 
statistic, in the Los Angeles area, there is a lot that young people are doing with startups, especially in clean energy. 
I had the opportunity to visit an in-
cubator hub, thousands of square feet where they are working in Los Angeles in the Arts District to try and solve some of the greatest climate chal-lenges we have through renewable en-ergy sources. 
What are you seeing as far as innova-
tion in your area where people are say-ing: You know what. This is not a false choice between fossil fuels and doing nothing about it? Are you seeing some-thing there at home? 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. When 
California passed our landmark Global Warming Solutions Act, we had huge investments in green energy actually come into the State. California has now been a leader in green technology in terms of solar, in terms of biofuels and other technologies. 
If you want to do that, people do 
come to California. It really has helped to jump-start parts of our community. I agree with Representative B
OYLE . It 
is a false choice between the economy and climate mitigation. You can do both. 
I also do want to note that it is not 
just young people who realize this. You have also now organizations that you traditionally would not call progres-sive coming on board, saying that car-bon pollution is a problem. You have got the Catholic Church saying that we need to address climate change now. You have got the U.S. military. 
One of the great things about our 
military is it is exceptional, it is amaz-ing, because it actually deals with facts. The U.S. military takes the world as it is, not as they think it should be or in some fantasyland. When the U.S. military looked at the science and the facts, they said that this is a national security problem. 
We are having more severe weather 
events. We are going to have food shortages in other parts of the world 
causing migrations, causing conflicts. In terms of the U.S. military’s own fuel use, it is very difficult to transport a lot of fuel over long distances. They are actually looking at renewables, at solar, at other renewable sources. 
Lastly, let me just say, as we stand 
here today, one of the world’s largest oil companies, ExxonMobil, believes in climate change. They believe it is caused by the burning of fossil fuels, and they support a price on carbon. Now, we wish it didn’t take them over three decades to come to this position, but that is their position today. 
Since they don’t say it very loudly, I 
am going to say it very loudly. ExxonMobil believes in climate change. For those who don’t, you may want to think what does that oil company know that you don’t. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. If oil 
companies believe in climate change, you can, too. I think that is the mes-sage here today. 
In Paris, over the past few weeks, 
over a hundred countries, thousands of world leaders, gathered to declare what over 98 percent of the scientific com-munity has always known, which is that climate change is real. Man has caused it, and we must do something about it. 
The reaction in my congressional dis-
trict has been one of enthusiasm. Peo-ple are happy to see that internation-ally this is being addressed. It is not just the United States. It is not just the giants, but every country across the globe is recognizing this. 
What are you hearing at home, Con-
gressman B
OYLE , about the Paris talks 
and what can come out of it? 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Well, the first thing is the fact that 194, 195 nations or so from all around the world could come together and agree on one document as ambi-tious as this one is is truly inspiring 
not just on the issue of climate change, but, indeed, as we look at all the other immense challenges that we face as a human race. 
I think that it is great specifically 
for this issue, but it also shows what we can do together if our hearts are in the right place and we are dedicated to-ward saving this planet. 
I also just want to follow up on some-
thing that Mr. L
IEUsaid, which is a 
great point in terms of talking about the broader coalition of people who want action on this incredibly impor-tant issue. 
I would add one more to his extensive 
list, and that is the insurance compa-nies. Insurance companies, especially on the East Coast, especially in south Florida and the entire Florida penin-sula, have a great deal of exposure at stake. 
They understand that right now—not 
20 years from now, not 100 years from now—as we speak, there are parts of Florida, there are parts of Virginia Beach, that are flooding when it is not even raining. These are real con-sequences that we have to deal with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.059 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9362 December 16, 2015 
For those of us in the Philadelphia 
area, in New York, New Jersey, I never imagined we would be riding out a hur-ricane and having to deal with the aftereffects—3 years later still dealing with those aftereffects, by the way— and the price tag for that for insurance companies was absolutely enormous. 
One thing that we all need to con-
sider—and this is a really shocking sta-tistic, but sadly true—last month, No-vember of 2015, was the warmest month in recorded history. Those records have gone back since 1880. We know that this is not a 1-month phenomenon, that indeed it is just a continuation of the trend that we have been dealing with. 
I would really urge those who want 
to make this a partisan issue and part of the usual food fight that too often goes on around here, this issue is going to face Democrats, Republicans, Inde-pendents, every single person in our country, every single person on Earth. 
The sooner that we take politics out 
of this and that we come together on a comprehensive solution that balances, yes, our economic needs with, also, our needs to tackle this issue, the better off all Americans will be. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I am 
glad that you mentioned, Congressman L
IEU, the work that is being done in 
and among our Armed Forces. 
Congressman G ALLEGO , you served in 
Iraq, and you are a member of the Committee on Armed Services right now. I strongly believe that drilling our way out of this is not going to produce the energy results that we need, and, of course, as we know, it will be harmful to the Earth, that there are actually ways through innovation. 
That is something that America has 
always done. We have innovated our way out of the problems that have challenged us. Whether it comes to wind, solar, alternative fuel cells, we are doing that from a national security posture. 
In my congressional district, we have 
Lawrence Livermore National Labora-tory and Sandia National Laboratory. At Sandia, they are doing work with oil companies at what is called the combustion research facility, where they are trying to make the auto-mobile engine more efficient. At Law-rence Livermore, at the national emis-sion facility, which is the largest and most energetic inertial confinement fu-sion device built to date and the larg-est laser in the world, fusion holds the promise of providing a practically lim-itless supply of clean energy to the world. 
I am wondering, Congressman 
G
ALLEGO , just as someone who has 
worked in the military, defending our country before, somebody who overseas the military now in Congress, what can we do from a national security posture to address climate change? 
Mr. GALLEGO. Well, first we have to 
recognize that it truly is a national se-curity issue in two areas. One, if you look at how we mobilize our troops, when you are out there—and I was a frontliner. I served with the United 
States Marine Corps as an infantry-man. 
Many times I was far away from a 
base, but I still needed resources. So people had to drop off my food. People had to drop off a generator to power the computers that gave us the infor-mation we needed. 
That was all done, unfortunately, by 
trucks that were exposing themselves to IEDs to bring us gasoline to basi-cally power these generators to even keep us warm when it got really cold, things of that nature. 
If we had a strong investment in 
green technology that allowed us to have energy independence down at the module level, it would reduce the amount of men and women that have to be on these dangerous roads. 
When we kind of look at the grander 
scope of how you actually effectively fight a war, the first thing you do is you try to take away their energy re-sources. The first thing you do is you take out their electrical grid, you take out any opportunity for them to actu-ally be able to move. That includes what we know now as gasoline. 
If you look at some of our greatest 
victories, when Sherman was pushing through Europe, when Patton was fighting in World War II, what they did was effectively cut off the axis powers’ ability to basically feed their engines by destroying their capability of refin-ing oil into gasoline. 
If we want to also make sure that we, 
as a country, have strong national se-curity going now and into the future, we have to make sure that we are en-ergy independent. Most of the hydro-carbons that are still in existence in this world are not in the United States. They are found in a lot of countries that are not stable allies of ours or in a very unstable region. 
For example, Venezuela is one of our 
biggest oil partners. Even if you go down to the Middle East, they are in a very unstable area. We still rely on that area for a lot of our oil or the world, in general. If we do not receive their oil, they do set the price of the commodities, which also affects, obvi-ously, a lot of our national security posture. 
If we were truly serious about under-
standing what we need to do in the fu-ture to continue having a strong na-tional security that defends the Amer-ican way of life, energy independence through renewables is the way to do it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Con-
gressman G
ALLEGO , you come from one 
of the hottest spots in the United States. 
Congressman B
OYLE , you also alluded 
to November being the hottest month on record. It seems like every month we learn that the month before was the hottest month on record. 
We are in the United States. If we 
were in Australia or South America, hearing that November is the hottest month on record may not be as sur-prising as a month that is in the dead of fall and the dawn of winter in the 
United States. 
Congressman L
IEU, you represent a 
district that for 40 years before you were there was represented by the great Henry Waxman, someone who did a lot of good work on this floor to ad-dress climate change. 
In our home State of California, 
while the future specific day-to-day ef-fects of climate change are not yet known, projections not only show a rise in sea levels across the world and threatening our coast in California, but models are also suggesting increas-ingly extreme weather events. 
Whether you are in the Los Angeles 
area or in the San Francisco Bay area, we have been experiencing drought-like conditions for years as well as hurri-canes on the East Coast in places like the northeast that have not seen the intensity like Hurricane Sandy, which we have seen before. 
b1530 
And so, as we adapt for our current 
climate and any rapid change in our environment, I want to know, Con-gressman L
IEU, can you talk a little bit 
about weather events and why this is a threat to coastal communities? 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Rep-
resentative S
WALWELL , that is a great 
point you make. Whether you call it science, facts, or measurements, you can measure climate change. So we know that last year was the hottest year in recorded history, only to be outdone by the first 6 months of this 
year, only to be outdone again, as Rep-resentative B
OYLE mentioned, by No-
vember—last month. We know that ocean levels have risen 8 inches in about the last century, and just since 1992, they have risen about 3 inches. 
I love my district, which stretches 
from Malibu, south through Santa Monica, Manhattan Beach, Palos Verdes, and along the coast, and I don’t want my constituents all moving to Representative G
ALLEGO ’s district be-
cause they are getting flooded. 
It is important that we look at this. 
The projections show that by 2050, large parts of American coastal areas will be at risk of flooding—and that is a huge problem. So we have to not only pay attention to that as a national se-curity interest, but just for people to live their normal lives. And Mother Na-ture does not discriminate. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Con-
gressman L
IEU, an interesting fact 
about that number. NASA projects that by 2050, between $66 billion and $106 billion worth of existing coastal property will likely be below sea level nationwide, with $238 billion to $507 bil-lion worth of property below sea level by 2100. And so it certainly has, as you said, not just the livelihood effect on it, but also a price tag, as we have seen. 
I mentioned Congressman G
ALLEGO  
served in the military. I believe you also serve today as a reservist. If you will, talk about the national security threat because of climate change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.060 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9363 December 16, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. I am 
very honored to have Los Angeles Air Force Base in my district. It was the first base to actually go green in terms 
of its vehicles. So all the vehicles the L.A. Air Force Base uses on the gov-ernment side are energy-efficient elec-tric vehicles. They are the first large institution to develop a vehicle-to-grid program where you actually plug in the vehicle and it gives electricity back to the grid when the grid needs it. If you can get that widespread, that would be a game changer across Amer-ica. So the military is very focused on this issue. 
Again, what makes America an ex-
ceptional country—one of the best in the world—is we actually rely on facts and science and measurements. Ninety- seven percent of scientists looking at this issue have said that climate change is real, it is largely caused by humans, and we need to do something about it or else we are going to be in a great world of hurt. 
If 9 out of 10 doctors said your child 
shows the symptoms of diabetes, would you keep feeding your child Snickers bars? You would be crazy if you do that. You would actually go and seek treatment. It makes no sense for folks to believe in doctors and science and math and technology and then, on this one narrow issue of carbon pollution, simply for ideological reasons, say we are not going to trust any science or facts or measurements. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Bring-
ing us back to what millennials believe on this issue. Some of you have partici-pated in our Future Forum dialogue. 
On January 14, Congressman L
IEU 
will be in the Los Angeles area hosting a Future Forum dialogue on climate change, student loan debt, and the other issues facing our generation. But some of the science, as you mentioned, behind millennial beliefs is quite pow-erful. 
According to a 2014 Harstad poll, 80 
percent of millennials favor the idea of requiring utilities to generate at least a third of their power from renewable sources like solar and wind by 2030. That also falls in line with what much of the rest of the developed world is doing. 
There was a New York Times story 
last year highlighting that, by the end of 2014, Germany would receive nearly a third of its energy through renewable sources. Two-thirds of young adults age 18 to 34, according to a National Geographic article, say they are in-clined to vote for candidates who sup-port cutting greenhouse gases and in-creasing financial incentives for renew-able energy. And in a 2015 poll by NextGen Climate, 75 percent of voters under the age of 35 say they would be more likely to vote for a candidate who pledged to turn the country to 50 per-cent clean energy by 2030. 
So we have talked about the national 
security argument, we have talked about the economic advantages and, of course, the livelihood threat of flood-ing in extreme weather events. Congressman B
OYLE , what about 
American exceptionalism? Are we any less capable than Germany or Denmark or any of these other countries of ad-dressing climate change? 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Well, for anyone to believe that—I know there are some right now who are running for President trying to denigrate America and talk about what is all supposedly wrong with us. I would point out that the whole history of our country has been seeing enor-mous challenges and meeting them and defeating them. That has been the en-tire history from Valley Forge, which I am privileged to represent, all the way through to the present day. 
I would also say to the men and 
women of my generation—of our gen-eration—who might be understandably skeptical on this issue because each and every month they hear the same statistics we do that this past month was the hottest month on record, only to be beaten by the succeeding month, that we have actually been here before in terms of dealing with environmental degradation. 
As for our parents’ generation, they 
faced two particularly strong issues that seemed very difficult to meet and defeat. One was with respect to the ozone layer. If we were having this con-versation in the early 1970s, a great deal of the talk was about repairing the ozone layer. Even when some of us were kids, that was an issue. Notice that you don’t hear about that any-more. That is because we made the im-portant changes that were necessary, and we solved that problem. 
A second was with respect to our wa-
terways and rivers. I am proud to rep-resent, Mr. Speaker, and to my col-leagues here, the Delaware River in Philadelphia, which actually separates Pennsylvania from New Jersey. It is a beautiful waterway. It is also a very historic one, as that is where, fa-mously, on Christmas Day 1776, George Washington and our soldiers crossed the Delaware into the Battle of Tren-ton to defeat the Hessians and help launch our young Nation on its way to independence. 
Well, a previous generation ago, that 
waterway, as well as the Hudson River and countless others, was in its worst state ever. Today, that same Delaware River is cleaner than at any point in our grandparents’ lifetime. That is an enormous achievement. It is one that, 40, 50 years ago, most people would have predicted could not have been ac-complished. 
So I would say to all Americans, but 
especially to those of our generation, yes, this is an enormous problem, but, yes, we can also defeat it. Yes, we can also rise to the occasion, just as we have with each and every other major challenge our Nation has faced. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. That 
is right, Mr. B
OYLE . 
Mr. G ALLEGO has seen this with me. 
He came out to my congressional dis-trict and spoke with millennials in the San Francisco Bay Area. We are aspira-
tional. We are optimistic. We are col-laborative. In fact, we came out of the family cell phone plan, so we are used to solving all sorts of problems with group think and then actually arriving at a decision. That is what we do: We collaborate, we solve small problems, we think big, and we take on the larger problems. 
Your closing thoughts, Congressman 
G
ALLEGO , on what our generation can 
do to address this threat to our na-tional security, our livelihood, and our economy. 
Mr. GALLEGO. I think if we actually 
lean back on the strengths of our gen-eration, that is what we need to do. We are a very empathetic generation. We care about our community. We care about our world. And being able to translate that into political power is important. 
Whether you vote for a Democrat, 
Republican, or Independent, make sure they understand that is your priority, to be represented by somebody who un-derstands the threat of climate change and you want to see action. 
We also need to get involved more on 
the economic innovation side that comes with the new energy future. We are going to be developing the tech-nologies that are really going to be making the biggest impacts in terms of slowing down the warming of the Earth. 
And it is our friends and colleagues 
now that are working in labs and doing the startups in Los Angeles, Phoenix, and San Francisco that are creating the technology of tomorrow. We need to continue to be pushing forward, sup-porting their efforts, supporting them through R&D. But, more importantly, having a Congress that is supportive and understanding of the challenges of climate change is the key to all that. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you, Congressman G
ALLEGO , for par-
ticipating today. 
Thank you, Congressman L IEU, for 
your service to our country and for standing up for Americans now in this new world and understanding that this is a national security issue as well. 
Congressman L
IEU, if you want to, 
give us your closing thoughts on cli-mate change and what millennials— and everyone, as you said—can do about this issue. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mother 
Nature does not discriminate. Whether you are 20 years old, a Republican or Democrat or a member of the Green Party, the laws of physics and the laws of chemistry do not negotiate. 
We are now in a danger zone when it 
comes to carbon pollution. If we don’t act quickly to reduce carbon pollution, in the coming decades we are going to be in a world of hurt. We are going to have far more extreme weather events, far more national security issues. 
So, working together, it is my hope 
that we can pass strong legislation through this Congress, and I believe we will because, in a democracy, the side with the facts eventually wins. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.061 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9364 December 16, 2015 
Thank you, Representative 
SWALWELL , for having this terrific Fu-
ture Forum event on the floor today. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you, Congressman L IEU. 
It has been exciting going to the nine 
cities across America and talking to young people and learning their thoughts. As the Future Forum, our goal has been first to listen, and then to engage with millennials, whether it is going to their college campuses, community colleges, workforces, incu-bator and startup hubs; and then it is to crowdsource these problems, and then for the lawmakers of Future Forum to come back to this body and this Chamber and act on the issues that young Americans care about. 
It is the largest generation America 
has ever known. It is the most diverse generation that America has ever known. It is an aspirational generation that wants to solve problems and not sit on the sidelines and watch our sea levels rise and watch the Earth get warmer. It is a generation that feels a sense of responsibility that we are only on this Earth for a very short period of time, and we will be judged by what we leave to the next generation. 
So, yes, we can do something about 
it. Young Americans are committed to fighting climate change. They know it is our own reality and the reality of those who will inherit this Earth, and they know it is better to start now, be-fore it is too late. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b1545 
BUDGETARY CONCERNS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, as 
we get ourselves sort of organized, you will actually notice a couple of these boards are a little worn. It is because it is a, shall we say, the continuation of a theme. But this is sort of an auspicious day to actually do some of this, as we are getting ready to do the omnibus, the big budgetary bill. 
What is so important here is, I want, 
everyone, first, to understand the $1.1- plus trillion we are talking about is solely what we call the discretionary portion of the budget. This is the por-tion of the budget we debate here, we do amendments, we work through; and then, in this particular case, because of a series of blocks and frustrations and game-playing that happened pre-viously, we get here to the end and we are trying to package it all together. But it is not the majority, it is not anywhere near close to the majority of our Federal spending. 
So take a look at this board. And 
this is for 2015. So we are right now working on the budget for the 2016 ap-propriation cycle. If you see the blue, the blue is man-
datory spending. Those are things like Social Security and Medicare and Med-icaid and other parts of the welfare portion of our budget that are formula- driven, that you hit a certain age, you get a benefit; you fall below a certain income, you get a certain benefit. It is about 69-plus percent of our spending, and this is for last year. 
Only 31 percent of the 2015 budget ac-
tually goes through this sort of normal appropriation process, and that is real-ly important to understand the scale of the spending and how little of it actu-ally is debated, because it is a formula. It is also the portion of our spending that is exploding. 
So we are going to walk through a 
couple of these boards today. One of my goals is actually to also walk through and talk about what is actu-ally happening in some of the manda-tory spending, and why, for all of us, we are going to have to have that very honest, very difficult, very math fact- based conversation. 
In my district, the Scottsdale, Phoe-
nix area, I am incredibly blessed. I have an amazing constituency, I have a wonderful area, but we have done 100+ of these budget townhalls over the last couple of years, and I will get people who will come in and say, but that number doesn’t feel right. I know it may not feel right. 
Previous politicians on both sides, I 
think, have underplayed what is hap-pening in this country demographically and what it actually means to our com-mitment. 
So if you are someone who really, 
really, really cares about keeping this country safe, you need to be willing to start to understand what is happening in these numbers. You need to under-stand the financial pressure that is going to be on your ability to finance the military. If you care about health care, you need to understand the finan-cial pressure that is going to be coming to deal with those, medical research, education. 
So let’s first get our head around 
what is both happening, and then we are going to actually walk through some demographic slides. And the rea-son I want to do that is to understand, this isn’t the type of discussion where you can throw a switch and the solu-tions are simple. 
The next slide, this is actually sort of 
walking through the projections, and, understand, these projections have ac-tually changed a little bit, but I didn’t have a chance to finish all the calcula-tions. So this is, functionally, four budget cycles from now. So it is the 2020 budget. We are right now doing the 2016 budget. 
At that point, 76 percent of the 
spending is Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans benefits, and other transfer programs, welfare programs; 76. Remember, the budget cycle we just finished, it was 69. In, functionally, 4 or 5 years, it be-comes 76 percent of all of our spending. So if you care about the military, if 
you care about healthcare research, if you care about foreign aid, if you care about any of those things, it is shrink-ing rather dramatically as a percent-age of our total spending. 
Yet, you have got to understand, 
from 2015 to that 2020 budget, this gov-ernment is going to go from, I think it is a $3-some trillion budget to a $4.1 trillion budget. So in that few years, we are going to actually increase by $1 trillion in spending and revenues, and some of those revenues come from bor-rowing. Yet, the ratio continues to ex-plode because it is going into that mandatory spending. 
This is demographics. This is reality. 
And unless you have a solution for baby boomers to stop, like me, turning gray, we have to grow up and deal with it. I find here in Washington there is pathological avoidance of the reality that is upon us. 
I am going to do this without knock-
ing anything down. And I believe these are already up on our Web site, the ability to sort of take a look and see where is the money actually going; be-cause I can’t tell you how many times we would do those budget townhalls and someone would come in the door and say, Well, D
AVID, if you just did 
this, if you would get rid of foreign aid, that would take care of the problem. Then you go to this slide and try show-ing them that the tiny, tiny, tiny little sliver right there was foreign aid. 
Well, D
AVID, if you would just get rid 
of this. Well, waste and fraud is huge. The reality of it, we know in Medicare and Medicaid and many of these things, we have to come up with more dra-matically efficient ways, the use of technology. We are going to start to talk about that at the end of this, that there really are some solutions we need to be embracing. But they are little slivers. 
Do you see the blue areas? Social Se-
curity, Medicare, Medicaid, welfare benefits, interest on the debt? As you saw today, with the Fed starting to raise interest rates, we expect, in just a few years, interest to be bigger than the defense budget. In about 7 years, interest will be approaching $1 trillion a year. 
Understand, this is the reality of the 
math. This is no more happy talk that seems to go around in politics. It is math. 
This portion over here, if you take 
out the Defense Department—so if you look at defense and all this blue, these here are all the agencies. It is impor-tant to understand these numbers, be-cause I have been heartbroken at how often we do townhalls around our State, and there is this misunder-standing of where the money is actu-ally being appropriated. 
So we are going to talk about a little 
bit of the demographics of what is going on, but also, how much trouble, how much difficulty is Social Security in? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.062 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9365 December 16, 2015 
Remember, they used to say it is the 
third rail of politics, you are not al-lowed to talk about it or tell the truth about it, but we have a moral obliga-tion to explain what is going on. How about Medicare? How about some of these others? 
So I wanted you to see this par-
ticular slide here, and this just gives 
you a sense of also what is happening with us demographically. 
I can remember many, many years 
ago, sitting in a statistics class over at Arizona State University—I love that school—and this is, I think, in the early eighties, and the professor is showing graphs saying, you have got to understand, in the 2015–2028 point, you have all these baby boomers that move into retirement, so I am sure the gov-ernment, I am sure Washington, D.C., will make sure they have these massive amounts of reserves set aside to pro-vide benefits for our seniors. 
Well, being one of those ‘‘end of the 
baby boomer folks,’’ and now being here in Washington realizing: That money isn’t there. So when you look at this particular chart—and the only rea-son it is partially here—you see 2018, it is the next to the last bar. And then, all of a sudden, the last bar, do you see it is shooting up? We have hit the time they have called the inflection point. 
So, in 22 months, we hit the time 
that we have talked about for 30 years, that the debt is going to start to ex-plode in this country; 2018. We are doing the 2016 budget right now. We are already in the 2016 budget. So 22 months from now, the debt starts to explode. 
So we are going to have a good year 
this year, though, because of some of the budget deal that was done about a month or so ago; and some of the other, lifting some of the spending caps of sequestration, we are going to end up with a larger deficit this year. 
So I guess the best number I have 
seen right now is $440 billion, $450 bil-lion this year. But come 2018, a couple of years from now, it starts to take off, and it takes off for, functionally, the next 40 years. This is the reality that is facing us. So, if you care about the military and education and all these other things, understand what is about to happen. 
Here, actually, are some of the slides 
that start to become more difficult to talk about, and I am actually sort of frustrated that we don’t do more of this. 
This particular chart here—and actu-
ally, I think this one I may have taken from The Wall Street Journal. And for folks who are actually interested in these demographic facts and how they 
affect your country, but also affect the world, The Wall Street Journal actu-ally just recently finished a series I think they call ‘‘2050,’’ and it actually has some of the best narratives, best graphs, best details I have ever seen in sort of walking through, that this just isn’t an American trend. 
Take a look at the numbers you see 
in China and other places around the world, where the aging of the popu-
lation, compared to the benefits that have been promised, compared to the number of workers, and that imbal-ance, and what that means to future economic growth for the world, let alone just the United States. 
But do you see this line where it 
starts to explode off the charts? That is, functionally, enrollment in Social Security. So when we were at 2008, we had about 41 million folks who were in Social Security. Today, I believe now we have crossed 50 million, so 2008–2015, this is the reality of how quickly that slope. And it is the what? It is the baby boomers. 
Remember, we have about 76 million 
of our brothers and sisters who turn 65 in about an 18-year period. The first one, the first baby boomer crossed that threshold, I believe, in late 2008. So we are in that demographic inflection. 
You are going to start to see more 
and more of this reflected in our eco-nomic growth, in the debt, and the movement of your Federal Government resources into retirement programs for those who are over 65. Whether it be medical, whether it be indigent med-ical, whether it be Social Security and others, it is our commitment. We have made these promises. We have also made a promise that we need to find some way to pay for them, and that is where this discussion, hopefully, is going to take us. 
This slide is a bit more of a concern. 
We are doing a project in our office right now. We have a little, a couple of folks set aside in our office called the ‘‘Idea Shop,’’ and they try to do sort of detailed research outside the day-to- day chaos that is being a Member of Congress. 
It is really the bottom point here 
that I want to pop out at you, and that is the number of our brothers and sis-ters, the number of our fellow Ameri-cans, that are 55–64, so they are head-ing towards retirement. Nineteen per-cent of them have no retirement sav-ings at all, so they are solely depend-ent on Social Security and the medical benefits that they will receive from Medicare. 
If we bounce up one, 25 percent of 
those older than 45 have, functionally, no money set aside. 
Now, I accept we have just come 
through a pretty rough economic cycle, but the last couple of years it is get-ting better. It is still not great, but this is a point where we are starting to step up and understand we need a revo-lution in this country’s Tax Code. We 
need a revolution in how we regulate in this country. 
We all walk around with these super-
computers in our pocket. Information is ultimately the greatest regulator in a society, and yet we still try and de-sign these command-and-control func-tions of bureaucracies like it was the 1930s. 
We are also going to do a little talk-
ing about embracing the new economy, the hyper-efficient economy, that will, hopefully, maximize economic growth. But everything, whether it be from 
immigration, to Tax Code, to regu-latory codes, everything, now the first words out of that politician’s, that pol-icymaker’s, that researcher’s, and you, as the constituent’s mouth needs to be, how does this maximize economic growth for the country, because I want to keep my commitment to the young and our commitments to seniors. When you look at the numbers, it does not happen unless we can get this economic expansion, some economic growth real-ly working. 
So as we go through these slides—the 
other thing is also, for someone that is also really interested in these, we try to put these up on our social media, but these are some of the different projects we are working on. 
Now, on this one, this is just to sort 
of understand, one more time—and I know I am repeating myself with the different slides, but we did a budget deal about, what, 2 months ago? Social Security Disability was going broke. Social Security Disability in early, mid-2016 was, functionally, the trust fund for that was going to be gone. 
b1600 
So the solution that Congress sup-
ported—I voted ‘‘no,’’ but that is be-cause we thought we had a more ele-gant solution. Functionally, the polit-ical will was not there for the types of reforms we thought were appropriate. 
They reached in and took $114 billion 
out of the big Social Security trust fund and moved it over here to the So-cial Security disability fund to shore it up. Okay. That was their solution, but there was almost no discussion around this body that it shortened the life of Social Security by about another year. 
So when you take a look—the reason 
we are showing these is—take a look at this middle one. If you were to exclude the interest—now, understand, the rev-enues for Social Security come from really two pots, the taxes and then the money it has loaned to the government back to the general fund. 
So the Federal Government—I know 
it is just an accounting gimmick back and forth because we are paying our-selves interest, but that is what we do. We pay ourselves interest, and that is considered one of the revenue sources for Social Security. 
So if you were to take taxes and in-
terest, but if you were to look at that midline and say, instead of the sort of bookkeeping entry we do back and forth, no interest, just the revenues from taxes on FICA, Social Security, it went negative in 2010. So more money was going out to beneficiaries than what has been coming in in taxes. 
But if you actually put both the in-
terest and the tax stream, it goes nega-tive no longer in 2022. It goes negative now in 2021. So if I had a big marker, I would walk over there and cross that out. Of course, I would also knock over the board in doing it. So, functionally, 5 years, 60 months from now, Social Se-curity goes negative. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.063 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9366 December 16, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, this is no longer that 
theoretical discussion we were having saying sometime off in the future, sometime in 2027, sometime in 2040. It is 5 years. It is less than one U.S. sen-atorial term that Social Security goes negative. 
Mr. Speaker, how much discussion do 
you see in the political class, in the re-searcher class, the policy class, and in our communities saying: ‘‘We need to deal with this today because every day we wait it becomes more difficult’’? 
If we look at the history of the last 
couple of decades when those of us who care about this deeply have gotten be-hind microphones and started to point out the numbers, we see the television ad the next campaign, whether it be pushing P
AULRYANor a look-alike off 
of a cliff and saying that P AUL RYAN 
wants to try to reform your entitle-ments because—the fact of the matter is Medicare is going bankrupt. He wants to save the system. But if we can scare you to death, it becomes a great political issue. 
I also believe the voters are way 
ahead of the political class in under-standing we need to step up and do hard things to fix these. I also want to make the argument that these are the biggest issues in front of us because, if we don’t do it, then everything in the future is going to be how do we survive the promises we have made in our enti-tlements. And it is coming fast. Re-member, Social Security goes negative in about 60 months. That is how fast it is coming at us. 
This was just to sort of reemphasize 
the fact—do you see that little red area? That is what we did in the budget deal a couple months ago. We grabbed that $114 billion and pulled it out of So-cial Security. Because of that, we shortened the life. We tried to do this without knocking them over. This was just another variation of the same set of numbers. 
So now you know the reality. We 
have some on Medicare. But when you start to see some of the charts, we have charts that say that, if there is not a substantial economic expansion, Medi-care could be 7 years and the trust fund is substantially drained. 
Remember, these are supposed to be 
freestanding trust funds. The way the law works is you start to cut benefits. We need to avoid these. So how do you do it? How do you avoid these? 
The first argument I want to make is 
it is next year when we start to discuss tax reform, a tax reform that maxi-mizes economic growth, maybe not the benefit for the group you belong to or the industry you are in, but the tax re-form that benefits the entire country to maximize economic growth. 
Mr. Speaker, I am also asking for a 
revolution in the way we look at the regulatory state. There are a few peo-ple who have written about this. There are a few people who have thought about this. 
For a couple of years I sat on the 
Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. We would have debates back 
and forth with the EPA on: ‘‘How did you get to this regulation? How did you find this out?’’ 
They would say: ‘‘We are not going to 
give you our data sets. It is propri-etary. We are just doing the command and control.’’ 
I learned there is this intense frus-
tration. There is this fight out there between I believe people who make money off the regulatory state and those who functionally pay for it, which is all of us. 
The fact of the matter is the 
crowdsourcing of information and data. Are we actually doing the most effi-cient methodology to have clean water and the most efficient technology to have clean air? 
How about in my financial world? I 
sit on the Financial Services Com-mittee. This is going to get a little geeky. But, in 2008, the bonds that were backed by mortgages blew up. 
All of a sudden we found out there 
were lots and lots and lots of mort-gages and deeds of trust rolled into these bonds that stopped performing. There were lots of debates and discus-sions of these were toxic loans, they were Alt-A that were put into these bonds, whatever the reason. How did we not know? 
So we set up a financial system that 
bundled these mortgages into bonds. Are you telling me that, from the regu-latory state, if we had designed an in-formation-based regulatory system where those of us—when I was Mari-copa County treasurer and you were looking at buying debt to park the cash you had so you would get a rate of return for your taxpayers, you would pick up the phone and call Moody’s or call S&P or call the rating and say: ‘‘Hey, is this a safe bond? Is this A rated? Is it AAA?’’ or whatever it is. You would get a phone call back. They would say: ‘‘Yes. It is fine.’’ That was your due diligence. 
How about a system that uses infor-
mation so the information flows say-ing: ‘‘Hey, the bond you are looking at, you now have 5 percent of the loans on it that aren’t making their payments,’’ ‘‘Hey, do you realize this bond has an intense geographic concentration so, if something happens in that geography, you are going to have ever greater dif-ficulties?’’ 
All of a sudden the regulators that 
are built into the system come in and bayonet the wounded after the war is lost. Sorry. That was one of my fa-ther’s favorite sayings. 
But the fact of the matter is the way 
we do much of our regulation is after the sins have happened instead of using information to avoid the mistake in the beginning. So I am making the ar-gument that that type of revolutionary thinking in the way we, as a society, regulate will maximize economic growth. 
On immigration, you need to change 
this immigration system. When you re-alize that two-thirds of the immigra-tion population is familial—and I know 
this sets people’s hair on fire. 
But if you are going to take in 1 mil-
lion, 1.2 million, legal immigrants into the country this year, you do realize two-thirds of that population function-ally gets to come to the United States because of a family member, where much of the rest of the world, whether it be Australia, New Zealand, Great Britain, Canada, have moved to a sys-tem that maximizes talent because they figured out they desperately need economic growth to keep their com-mitments. 
But there is a fourth one that is al-
most never talked about and I can ac-tually start to see here in Congress and I see it in our State legislatures, and that is actually the new economy. 
I promise sometime when we get 
back in January we are going to do a presentation of how the new economy can both change how the government functions, but also, if we can get out of its way, it provides opportunity for ev-eryone and, hopefully, maybe some es-cape velocity economically. 
So let me throw you first just a sim-
ple concept. How many of you out there have ever ridden in a ride share or seen these things they call like Zipcar where you hit the button on your phone and you are able to just use a car? Why doesn’t government do that? 
I think we saw some data that there 
are 176,000 cars that are either owned or leased by the Federal Government. We found one small agency that had more vehicles than employees. 
So if I came to you right now and 
said: ‘‘Let’s rethink this. Does this agency here belong owning their own little vehicle fleet and this agency that is right next door belong owning theirs?’’ 
Why wouldn’t you pool them to-
gether and create a simple app that does two things? It says the cars belong to everyone in the agency. You hit the button and say: ‘‘I need to use one today, and tomorrow I don’t need one’’ and, ‘‘Oh, by the way, the technology says that I am going to this commu-nity’’ and it tells you who else from the bureaucracy is also going in the same direction. 
It is already happening in the private 
sector. Now think of it even more ex-pansive. Why is it just the Federal Government? Why wouldn’t it be your State, your local, your tribal? 
Another example we are working on 
right now in Arizona and we are actu-ally working on with some of my State legislators is this concept for capital assets. 
Mr. Speaker, I live in Maricopa Coun-
ty. It is maybe the third or fourth most populous county in the country. It is made up of 30-some cities and tribal communities. 
How many of those communities own 
the really expensive earthmovers? How many of those earthmovers are used to their max every single day? If they are not, why isn’t a simple app created to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.065 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9367 December 16, 2015 
share? So do this tribal community, 
this city, this county, and this govern-ment each need to own their own? Why aren’t they put on sharing platforms? 
The concept is real simple. Capital 
assets need to be maximized. It is like the concept of a classroom. At 3:45, when school is out, does that classroom become the community college? At 7:30, does it become the senior learning class? It is a building. We are paying to heat and cool it. It is there. We spent the capital money. How do you maxi-mize the utilization of capital assets? 
Mr. Speaker, this is happening in the 
private world. Much of this technology is coming out of Silicon Valley and other hubs of innovation in our coun-try. We need to open ourselves up in the government and say: ‘‘We need to be embracing this technology to move it to ourselves.’’ 
In the last half of this, I see fights 
starting to break out on the new tech-nology and how it changes how we work. It changes our optionality. We need to understand that technology is changing our society. But if we can get out of the way, it can actually really provide us some opportunities. 
So there are crazy thoughts. We are 
researching these. Let’s say you are one of these drivers, whether it be an Uber platform or something else and there is this argument saying, well, you are being treated as a self-em-ployed 1099 or you are getting direct payments electronically or you are doing Airbnb or these sorts of things. How is that going to help you fund your Social Security? 
Maybe we need to rethink it. Maybe 
it really is time to have that honest conversation of should you be allowed to have that account that is truly yours and set up your technology that every time you have a client and you take them and deliver them to a loca-tion, every time you have guests in your Airbnb, every time you provide a certain service, you can use that tech-nology so that a little bit of that money goes to your retirement ac-count. 
We have the technology. It would be 
a very low-cost way to do it. And we start to engage in the technology revo-lution that is happening around us to basically embrace it, not be scared of it, and at the same time use that tech-nology to shore up what we have just talked about, the devastating actuarial math we are running into. 
Mr. Speaker, I know there is a polit-
ical battle coming in this because, for some of my brothers and sisters on the 
other side, it is very much: How do I unionize that population? How do I do this type of control? How do I have this? 
For many of those on the more free 
market side, we are making the argu-ment for individuals to be able to use technology and the new economy to pursue their optionality, maximizing the value of their time. They need to be allowed to do that. 
We are Americans. Being free is part 
of the basic—it is supposed to be part of our DNA. At the same time, use that 
same creativity, that same optionality, to not be afraid of it, but to use that technology to actually grow the econ-omy and embrace the empowerment of individuals to deal with the very prob-lems we were showing on those slides. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RESOLUTION TO HONOR AND 
PRAISE THE AMERICAN JEWISH COMMITTEE ON ITS 109TH ANNI-VERSARY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) 
for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the subject matter of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, as I move forward with this Special Order hour, because the AJC has been very close in Houston, Texas, to a lead-ing citizen, the Honorable William Alexander Lawson, I think it appro-priate to let it be known that the AJC stands in sympathy with a good many persons with reference to Pastor Lawson’s loss of his wife, the Honor-able Audrey Lawson. 
b1615 
She will be funeralized on Friday at 
11 a.m.—that would be central standard time—in Houston, Texas, at the Wheel-er Avenue Baptist Church. Pastor Lawson has worked very closely with the AJC and many other Jewish orga-nizations. I would dare say that he has been a nexus between various commu-nities and the Jewish community. I am saddened by his loss and want him to know that the AJC as well as my good offices send him our condolences. 
Today, Mr. Speaker, we are here to 
present H. Res. 518. H. Res. 518 honors and praises the American Jewish Com-mittee on the occasion of its 109th an-niversary. I am proud to tell you, Mr. Speaker, that on the campus today here at the Capitol we have visitors from the AJC. We have Richard Foltin, who is the Director of National and Legislative Affairs in AJC’s Office of Government and International Affairs, in Washington, D.C. He happens to be accompanied by an intelligent, beau-tiful lady, who works with the AJC. Her name is Daniela Erazo. They are here, and I am proud to let them know that we are most excited about their being here on the occasion of the intro-duction of this resolution. 
This resolution has been cosigned by 
a good number of Members of Congress. I would like to, because this is very 
special to us, give their names so that the R
ECORD will be clear as to who the 
cosponsors are. 
The original cosponsors are: the Hon-
orable I LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , Florida’s 
27th District; the Honorable E MANUEL  
CLEAVER , Missouri’s Fifth District; the 
Honorable S TEVE COHEN , Tennessee’s 
Ninth District; the Honorable A LCEE 
HASTINGS , Florida’s 20th District; the 
Honorable S ANDER LEVIN, Minnesota’s 
Ninth District; the Honorable J ERROLD  
NADLER , New York’s 10th District; the 
Honorable C HARLES RANGEL , New 
York’s 13th District; the Honorable D
AVID SCOTT, Georgia’s 13th District; 
the Honorable F REDERICA WILSON , Flor-
ida’s 24th District; the Honorable T OM 
MACARTHUR , New Jersey’s Third Dis-
trict; and, of course, the Honorable D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Florida’s 
23rd District, whom I mentioned ear-lier. 
This resolution is one that acknowl-
edges the mission of the AJC, which is to enhance the well-being of the Jewish people and Israel, and to advocate and advance Jewish rights and Jewish val-ues in the United States and around the world. The AJC is committed to combating racial prejudice, anti-Semi-tism, and sponsoring and supporting issues related to the State of Israel. 
The AJC has a rich history. It was 
founded on November 11, 1906, in New York City, by a group of American Jews who wanted to raise awareness about some of the atrocities that were taking place against Jewish people in Russia as well as in other places. This leadership went on to add as its list of duties, I suppose, doing all that they could to help in the fight against rac-ism here in this country. 
I am proud to tell you that the local 
chapter of the AJC in Houston, Texas, currently has as its director, Randy Czarlinsky. He is a dear friend. The president is Marcia Nichols. She is a friend as well. 
But I am also going to mention a 
friend who was there in 1989. His name is David Mincberg. David Mincberg and I worked together. I was the president of the Houston branch of the NAACP. At that time, we had an unfortunate circumstance occur in Houston, Texas. We had a city council person make a racial slur. The AJC and the NAACP worked very closely together. 
David Mincberg was one of the lead-
ing citizens to stand up and denounce this racial slur that took place and call for the resignation of the city council person. It had been prognosticated by one of our local persons who was in the community associated with political science. 
He went on to explain that this per-
son probably could have won. I have not mentioned his name. I see no need to. He probably could have won his of-fice because there still was some sup-port for him—substantial support, I might add. But because David Mincberg and the AJC stood with the African American community, by and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.066 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9368 December 16, 2015 
through the NAACP and other organi-
zations, this city council person de-cided to apologize and to resign from office. 
This is but one example of how the 
AJC has made a difference in the lives of people who are not directly associ-ated with the AJC. I think all people of goodwill are by virtue of the fact that the AJC is on a mission to do those things that will enhance the quality of life for people around the world, espe-cially as they suffer from discrimina-tion and other forms of atrocities that would cause them to have a quality of life that is unacceptable. 
To this end, I would like to just men-
tion some of the varied circumstances that the AJC has been involved with. 
When Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005, 
the AJC organized a delegation to trav-el to the Gulf to bring relief and aid to the victims. This was quite an effort that the AJC put together. It contrib-uted about $1.9 million in relief funds to help these victims to make sure that they had housing and to make sure that places of worship were rebuilt. 
I would also add that the AJC, in 
2010, received a wonderful honor. Dil-lard University decided that they would dedicate their new Distance Learning Center in honor of the AJC, as the AJC donated about $200,000 to this university. 
In 2005, the AJC’s efforts with ref-
erence to the tsunami relief fund should be acknowledged. This tsunami relief fund consisted of about $900,000 that went to help persons who were the victims of the tsunami in the Indian Ocean. This was a major disaster. I am proud to know that the AJC played a role in helping persons to receive not only what we call relief, but actually an understanding that they were not alone, that there were people in distant places who were willing to stand with them to make sure that they received the help that human beings beset by tragedy richly deserve. 
In 2004, with the Dominican Republic 
and Haiti when there were floods, the AJC made a contribution. 
In 2001, there was an earthquake in 
El Salvador, and the AJC made a dona-tion. 
In 2000, with the Lebanese refugees in 
northern Israel, the AJC made a dona-tion to assist them. 
And in 1999, with the Muslim refugees 
in Kosovo, the AJC made a financial contribution. 
The AJC has been there in most of 
the major disasters around the world to be a hand to those in times of need, as evidenced by the record that I am building. 
I would also note that the AJC was 
there in 1954. In 1954, the NAACP was litigating Brown v. Board of Education. The AJC filed an amicus brief in this case supporting the efforts of the NAACP and the other organizations— there were many—but the AJC was one of the leading organizations helping us to fight the discrimination that was taking place in our schools, such that the schools would be open to all, that 
there would no longer be segregation in schools in the United States of Amer-ica. 
As a result of what the AJC and the 
NAACP were able to accomplish, the rest, of course, is history. Brown v. Board of Education was won by the NAACP, with the aid of other organiza-tions, including the AJC. We now have integrated schools. I would dare say that, without the help of the AJC and donations and helping us with some of the test materials with reference to how people are impacted by segrega-tion—the psychological evaluations and the materials related thereto— without these things, we may not have won that lawsuit. The AJC has been in-strumental in helping us with this type of invidious discrimination. 
In 1965, the AJC presented Reverend 
Dr. Martin Luther King with the Amer-ican Liberties Medallion for his excep-tional advancement of the principles of human liberty. Dr. King, as you know, was a freedom fighter for all. While he was doing this, he had the aid and com-fort of the AJC. The AJC was there to help him with marches and with the protest movement, but also there to help him as he went through some of the difficult times. I can remember the Edmund Pettus Bridge, for example. There were members of the AJC who were on-site to march with Dr. King after what we call Bloody Sunday had taken place. 
The AJC and its members also estab-
lished the Transatlantic Institute to promote Transatlantic cooperation for global security, Middle East peace, and human rights. This was done in 2004. 
The AJC is a champion not only of 
human rights for Israel, but also for Palestinians. The AJC supports a two- state solution. The AJC encourages peace talks between Israel and the Pal-estinian leadership. The AJC believes that a peaceful solution with the par-ties negotiating it is the best way to have a long and lasting peace in the Middle East. 
I must tell you that I have been in-
volved with the Houston AJC as they go through some of these difficult issues and talk through them and work through them, and I am honored to support the AJC in its efforts to bring peace to not only Israel and Palestine, but also to the entire Middle East. The AJC is very much concerned about the diaspora on the whole, but more spe-cifically about their friends and neigh-bors in the Middle East and bringing peace. 
The AJC, in 2007, joined me and other 
colleagues, especially Representative Laura Richardson, in a resolution that we had, H. Res. 826, a resolution con-demning noose intimidation. 
In 2006, we had, at that time, some 
persons who felt it necessary to hang nooses in various places to intimidate and to incite others to do dastardly deeds. The AJC joined with us to de-nounce this type of behavior. As a re-sult, while I don’t say that there are no nooses being placed in places for the 
purpose of intimidation, I can say that they are not as prevalent as they were back in 2006–2007. I am honored at the AJC was there to help us with this en-deavor. 
In 2008, the AJC visited South Sudan 
to study how Israel could assist in the preparation for South Sudanese inde-pendence. I had the honor of going to Sudan myself. I was not with the AJC at the time, but I did have an oppor-tunity to see some of the needs of the people. They were great, they were many, they were varied, and the AJC was there to assist with the independ-ence movement. 
b1630 
The AJC does things that go far be-
yond what, perhaps, many think it should be doing or has been doing. 
In 2015, the AJC joined the chorus of 
civil rights groups in condemning bans on Muslims from entering the United States. This is one of their most recent activities. The AJC believes that reli-gion should be respected and that, be-cause a person happens to be of a given religion, it is no reason to conclude that a person can be banned or should be banned from the United States of America. The AJC respects all reli-gions. 
The AJC is an entity that established 
a full-time office in Israel. It did this for the first time such that it would have a means by which it could advo-cate for peace between the Israelis and their Arab neighbors; so they wanted to make sure that they had an office on the ground in Israel. While it appears to be a Jewish organization—and it is— it still wanted to make sure that its presence was immediately known in the State of Israel. 
The AJC has long supported com-
prehensive immigration reform, and they want this type of reform done once the security of the Nation’s bor-ders has been put in place. Once the borders are secure, the AJC wants that comprehensive immigration reform. In fact, it would be great if it could all happen at the same time, and we push for this. 
The AJC is an organization of good-
will, is an organization that has with-stood the test of time, and is an organi-zation that is diverse in every aspect of its existence as its membership is very diverse, and it preaches diversity. 
In Houston, Texas, the AJC has, on 
many occasions, talked about the rich diversity of Houston, Texas. In fact, on an annual basis, an event is sponsored in Houston, Texas, wherein diversity is celebrated. We talk about this at what is called America’s Table. We talk about all of the various ethnicities that are at America’s Table, and we 
talk about how we all came to Amer-ica’s Table. We talk about the great-ness of America. We talk about how there is but one race—the human race. We celebrate our rich diversity such that we can appreciate each other. 
The AJC has made it possible for peo-
ple who may not have had an oppor-tunity to meet and to greet each other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.067 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9369 December 16, 2015 
in an informal setting to sit at the 
table of brotherhood and to get to know each other in such a way as to not only develop a relationship but as to develop a friendship. The AJC is a supporter of relationship building, but, more importantly, of establishing rela-tionships that can lead to friendships. 
So I am honored today, Mr. Speaker, 
to present H. Res. 518, a resolution to help us acknowledge the great work of the AJC, not only this year, but in each year to come, such that this House of Representatives will annually record and recognize the accomplish-ments of the AJC and its members. 
I mentioned S
ANDER LEVIN, who is 
from Michigan. I may have said ‘‘Min-nesota’’ earlier. I want to correct the R
ECORD . He is a dear friend and a great 
supporter of this resolution, and he is also a person who has been in the fight for human rights. That means human rights as they relate to all people, not just to some people. 
I am honored to close with a very 
brief word about the AJC and what I see in the future. 
I believe that the AJC, given its his-
tory, is going to help us write a future that will bring peace to Israel and its neighbors. I believe that the AJC has demonstrated that it not only wants to be of benefit to Israel, but also to its neighbors. I believe that, with its in-volvement here and in Israel, the AJC is going to make a difference. 
I think that the AJC, because of its 
history, will help us through this im-migration reform debate. The AJC does a lot of research, and it has a lot of in-telligence on how this type of cir-cumstance, with people living in the shadows, can impact the lives of people beyond their physical existence and also beyond their mental existence. I am proud that the AJC is providing this type of intelligence. 
I believe that the AJC, in the future, 
will help us with issues related to po-lice community relations. The AJC is always available to help us when we have these turbulent times, when there are circumstances that must be ad-dressed by communities that are griev-ing. The AJC helps us to bring the communities together so that we can, at some point, come to a conclusion that is beneficial to the community as a whole and to the persons who have been injured or harmed. 
In the future, I believe, as the AJC 
moves forward with its various pro-grams, it will help us with the hopes and with the aspirations of people who are suffering in places around the world from various natural disasters. I think they will do even more to help persons who are suffering from natural disasters. They have done an awful lot in every circumstance that is mention-able to date, but I do think that they will do even more. They have a wide reach, and they make sure that they are present, in some way, in order to be of assistance. 
The AJC has been there. My pre-
diction is that it will be there and that it will make a difference when it is 
present. I am honored to have received this time, and I do trust that Members who have statements will place them in the R
ECORD . 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today as a proud original cosponsor of House Resolution 518, Honoring and Praising the American Jewish Committee on the Occa-sion of its 109th anniversary, and to more broadly commend and celebrate the work of AJC. Thank you to my colleague Representa-tive A
LGREEN for organizing this special order 
hour. 
Originally founded to raise awareness about 
the targeting of Jewish communities in Russia, AJC has become a leading voice and advo-cate against racism and prejudice here in the United States and around the world. Rooted in the Jewish values of tikkun olam—repairing the world—and of being a voice for those who cannot speak for themselves, AJC has been a key actor in pivotal movements and legislative victories including the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act, and for comprehensive immigration reform. As we continue to work to fulfill the complete visions of those move-ments, AJC will continue to be on the front lines. 
AJC has partnered with governments all 
over the world to promote tolerance and un-derstanding and successfully worked to re-store and preserve Jewish historical and cul-tural centers from India to Morocco to Argen-tina. This work is critical not only for sup-porting Jewish communities and historical memory abroad, but also for the broader goal of promoting intercultural and interreligious un-derstanding in the face of hatred and violence. 
On a more personal level, as a young legis-
lator in the Florida House, the American Jew-ish Committee took me on my first trip to Israel in 1995. That mission was nothing short of transformative. Although I felt a connection to the land of Israel as a Jew, that trip was the first of many that has deepened my connec-tion to the land, to the history and reinforcing my steadfast commitment to supporting the state of Israel and the U.S.-Israel relationship. With threats coming from across and within her borders, our support for this relationship has perhaps never been more important. 
So again, I commend the American Jewish 
Committee for its work on behalf of the Jewish community, on behalf of Israel, and on behalf of all the people its work impacts. 
f 
LIFTING THE CRUDE OIL EXPORT 
BAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HILL). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from North Da-kota (Mr. C
RAMER ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to talk a little bit about one component of the omnibus tax extender package that is dominating the legisla-tive agenda as we wrap up this year. 
The one piece of the package that I 
want to talk about is the lifting of the crude oil export ban, which is an issue that has passed twice now in the House of Representatives—in fact, as a stand- alone bill. H.R. 702, the lifting of the crude oil export ban, passed with 62 
percent of the vote. 
As is often the case, good bills that 
are passed by the House often languish in the Senate for a number of reasons. Perhaps one of the main reasons bills languish in the Senate is that their rules are as antiquated as is this export ban on crude oil. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to take some 
time to talk about this provision and why it is important that we lift the crude oil export ban. I want to talk a little bit about the history that led to the export ban in the first place, and I want to talk about a more optimistic future as we look at the oil renais-sance—what it has created and what it can create. 
As I said, the export ban really is an 
antiquated law. It was put in place 42 years ago, which was a very different time in our country. It was different for a number of reasons, not the least of which being that the ban on export-ing crude oil came at a time when our country did not enjoy energy abun-dance as we do today. It, rather, suf-fered from a scarcity of energy re-sources—a scarcity of oil, a scarcity of all kinds of energy—and, certainly, from a scarcity of the products that are created by oil. It suffered even from a scarcity, frankly, of some of the tech-nologies that make the development of fossil fuels and, yes, of new, cleaner— greener, if you will—energy sources. 
We are nothing in this country but 
for our innovation. I think innovation is the key to much of our success. It is not that the United States really had a scarcity of resources, but that, rather, we had a scarcity of technology to de-velop those resources. As the tech-nology developed to get more and more of our energy resources and to develop them, it also progressed to make it more and more efficient to develop them and to make it cleaner to develop them. I am happy to elaborate. 
I represent the great State of North 
Dakota. I am the only Member of the people’s House from the State of North Dakota. We have just over 700,000 peo-ple in my State. So, like my 434 col-leagues, I represent, roughly, 700,000 citizens. It just so happens that they make up a State. 
In just the past few years alone, we 
have lost 80,000 U.S. jobs, just in the last year, 80,000 U.S. jobs, because our oil producers have been forced to scale back their rigs by nearly 60 percent. That is the result of a collapse in price. 
Why is there a collapse in price? 
There is a collapse in price largely be-cause we are producing a lot more, and, of course, we cannot sell the product outside of the United States. Obvi-ously, you can’t produce more than your consumers can take in. 
In North Dakota, we grow a lot of 
crops. We grow a lot of food to feed a hungry world. In fact, we are the num-ber one producer of anywhere from 12 to 16 or 18 crops depending on the year. We produce a lot of wheat, but we can’t begin to eat it all. We produce a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.069 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9370 December 16, 2015 
cattle. We produce a lot of honey. We 
produce a lot of sunflowers. We produce a lot of beans. We produce a lot of prod-ucts that we couldn’t begin to consume in this country, but there are hungry people all over the world who would love to consume it. 
So we are always innovating, cre-
ating new breeds and technologies and farming practices and chemicals and, yes, modifying the product. Why? It is because there is not more land on which to grow more food, but there are many more people who need to eat it throughout the world. 
The same is true, in many respects, 
of energy. Yet now, as we have come upon this time with this renaissance that was created—again, not because God suddenly put more oil under the ground, but because of technology—the advancement of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing has unlocked bil-lions of barrels of oil that were always there or were at least there for several years—decades, centuries, millennia. It has unlocked it because of technology. 
We talk a lot about energy independ-
ence and about the goal to get there. Yes, that is a noble goal. I would sub-mit, though, that more important than that is energy security. And I have heard the Chair, Mr. Speaker, talk about the topic of energy security with great eloquence. Energy security is like food security. It is the ability to develop and to produce what you need as well as to produce for the global marketplace, increasing our influence in the world. I am going to get into that in a little bit. 
Let’s not forget about the jobs. Let 
me talk for a minute about the jobs in my home State of North Dakota, which is now the second leading producing State of oil, second only to Texas. 
I was an economic development di-
rector for our State at a time when we were beginning to diversify our econ-omy, at a time when out-migration was just starting to plateau. Since that time, we have become the fastest grow-ing economy in the country and have the fastest growing population in the country. We now have the second high-est per capita personal income in the country and the lowest unemployment rate in the country. In fact, we still, even with this downturn, have more jobs than we have people looking for work in North Dakota. 
I have seen people go from poverty to 
prosperity. There is nothing wrong with that. I have seen truck drivers be-come fleet owners. I have seen short order cooks become restauranteurs. I have seen carpenters become devel-opers. 
b1645 
I have seen people who have a water 
well become entrepreneurs selling water for hydraulic fracturing. 
I have seen the renaissance lift peo-
ple up. While a rising tide lifts all boats, they don’t necessarily all get lifted at the exact same time. So there is a little bit of massaging and inter-vention that goes on to help people 
even during the boom, if you will, to keep up. 
According to an IHS Energy study, 
for every one job created in the oil and gas sector, there are six jobs created in the broader economy. I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, from my experience in North Dakota, that is definitely true. It is not just the oil rig worker. It is not just the truck driver. It is not just the pipeline worker. 
All of them, as important as they are 
and as good of jobs as they are, it is that restaurant owner. It is the hair dresser. It is the Main Street retailer, the person selling groceries. It is the entrepreneur who comes up with an idea no one else had thought of before. It is the entrepreneur that sees the problem that needs a fix, finds the fix, sells it and markets it and becomes an employer as well, rather than just an employee. 
By the way, the American jobs cre-
ated by the oil renaissance of recent years exists in all 50 States. 
Speaker R
YAN put out this chart 
today, this little graphic piece, identi-fying the opportunities that lifting the crude oil export ban would have that go beyond the renaissance that we have experienced in recent years. Lifting the oil export ban would create an esti-mated 1 million American jobs in near-ly all 50 States. That is because the supply chain that it takes to produce the oil, to discover the oil, to move the oil, to refine the oil, to finance, to do the accounting, it is in every State. 
In fact, the President’s home State of 
Illinois is one of the greatest bene-ficiaries of the oil renaissance. Many of these 1 million jobs would be created right there within a matter of years. It would add, imagine now, $170 billion— with a B—to our gross domestic prod-uct every year. 
At a time when we are looking for 
revenue to meet the priorities of our Nation, at a time while unemployment has come down, we still have a very, very low workforce participation rate, at a time when our education system doesn’t always match the opportuni-ties, we have the opportunity with these additional dollars and the addi-tional job opportunities to meet the de-mands of a growing economy. All the while, we could, with lifting the crude oil export ban, meet the market de-mands around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I happen to think that 
history can be a great teacher. I said earlier that I want to address the his-tory or the context of this export ban. How did this come to be? 
You know, as I said, much has been 
written and said by me and my col-leagues and others in the industry how lifting the export ban would be good for our economy, how it would be good for job creation, and how it would be good for the United States of America. The history of how it came to be, I think, is useful. 
It was the Yom Kippur war in 1972 led 
by Syria—an attack by Syria backed up by, Mr. Speaker, none other than 
the Soviet Union—against our friends, Israel. It was the United States, as has been the rich tradition of our country, who came to the defense of our best friend and ally in democracy who shares our values in the Middle East, Israel. Syria and the Soviet Union pit-ted against Israel, backed by the United States. 
The Yom Kippur war led to the oil 
embargoes of 1973, which caused a reac-tion, leading eventually to this crude oil export ban. You might recall in the seventies, Mr. Speaker—I do, barely, but I do—the gas shortages, the ration-ing of gas, sales limited to 10 gallons of gas per customer, as is illustrated in this poster, this real picture of the 1970s. 
Now, while it might have been a well- 
meaning policy to put a ban on export-ing crude oil with the idea that some-how we could produce enough oil in the United States or, at least, we ought to hoard what we have, it is not like the United States was a leading producer of oil. We weren’t what we are today. 
Today, we are the number one pro-
ducer of oil and gas. Gas, as you know, can be exported. By the way, refined petroleum products can also be ex-ported. 
So that is what led to the ban. The 
problem is, as I said earlier, this isn’t 1973 anymore. This is not 1979. This is not 1989. This is a time when we have energy abundance. We have oil abun-dance to the point where we have every storage facility, including pipelines, ships, and tanks, full of oil. We are still producing light, sweet crude, I might add. In a little bit, I will get to the dif-ference between that and this heavy sour crude and the various market mixes that demand that. 
Mr. Speaker, as I started out remind-
ing the Chamber, we passed H.R. 702 with 62 percent of the vote, a large bi-partisan vote. That was a bill intro-duced by my friend, Representative J
OEBARTON of Texas. He is in the 
Chamber with us, and I would like to yield such time as he would like to ex-plain why this is such an important piece of this week’s omnibus and tax package. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ). 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, the first 
thing that I want to do is commend the gentleman from North Dakota for his hard work on this. He is an original co-sponsor of H.R. 702. He is a valued member of the ad hoc whip team that we put together. 
He and I have worked the floor. We 
have had dinners with undecided Mem-bers. We have helped coordinate action efforts with some of the outside groups that are supportive. 
You have been unflagging in his help 
on this. I could say similar things about the Speaker in the chair. The gentleman from Arkansas has also been a valued member of our team. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.070 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9371 December 16, 2015 
What I want to focus on is to explain 
to the Members what this means stra-tegically to the United States of Amer-ica. The world produces and consumes about 95 million barrels of oil per day right now; 95 million. Three countries, the United States, Saudi Arabia, and Russia, combined produce about 30 per-cent of that, a little over 30 million barrels a day between those three countries. Right now, Saudi Arabia would be number one, Russia would be number two, and the United States would be number three at about 9 mil-lion barrels a day production here in the United States. 
Until this bill becomes law, which we 
hope will pass the House and the Sen-
ate and the President will sign it this weekend, if you want to change the world oil markets, it takes five or six phone calls. The chairman of OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Ex-porting Countries, who have their headquarters in Vienna, would make four or five phone calls to the various oil ministers of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Libya, Nigeria. 
If they all agree on a price and a pro-
duction quota, they have a meeting, they get all the member states to rat-ify it, and they set the price. A handful of people set the world price. That is the way it has been done since the mid- 1970s during the Arab oil embargo. 
If we repeal the ban on U.S. crude oil 
exports, which I think we are going to do, and the President signs the bill next week, we have about 500 million barrels of oil in storage in Oklahoma, 
Louisiana, and Texas, up in the Mid-west where the gentleman is from. Be-lieve it or not, there is some in Cali-fornia and some even up on the East Coast. There is privately owned oil that is just sitting there. 
The chairman of OPEC calls those 
same five oil ministers and says, Boys, we need to raise the price. We are going to cut production. Each of you guys, your nation, we agree to cut produc-tion to half a million barrels a day. We are going to tighten up the market, and we are going to raise the price. And they all agree to do it. 
Well, that word is going to get out. 
Somebody in Houston is going to say, Well, I have got 10 million barrels right here. Somebody in Corpus Christi, somebody in New Orleans, somebody in Mobile, Alabama, somebody in New York City or Long Beach, California, there will be oil on the market to re-place the production cutbacks of OPEC, if not in minutes, in hours. 
What we are doing is taking the keys 
from OPEC and giving the keys to the American people, the free market. Who has the biggest oil reserves in the world, if you include our alternative shale reserves? The United States of America. Who has the best technology in the world? United States of Amer-ica. Who has the best people, the best seismic engineers, the best production engineers, the best oil field workers, the best truck drivers, the best pipeliners? The United States of Amer-ica. So, by golly, within a week, we are 
going to unleash the free market com-petitive enterprise of the American people on the world oil market. These other countries—Russia, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, Nigeria, and Libya—they can increase production a little bit, but there is only one country in the world that could literally double production within 4 or 5 years. Guess who that is? The United States of America 
So what we are doing this week in 
the omnibus—there are lots of reasons to be for it. If you want to take control of energy policy away from a handful of oil ministers who are primarily in the Middle East, vote for this bill and put control in the market. Let the Americans compete with the Mexicans and the Canadians and the Saudis and the Iraqis and the Russians and any-body else who wants to sell oil. 
We don’t realize what we are about to 
do, but it has tremendous economic and strategic implications for freedom everywhere in the world. You, sir, from North Dakota have helped make that possible. The gentleman in the chair from Arkansas has helped make that possible. The 262 Members of this House, Republicans and Democrats— H
ENRY CUELLAR of Laredo, Texas—has 
helped make that possible. 
Next week is going to be a great 
week, it is going to be a milestone week, and we are going to look back, this is when we took back control from OPEC and gave it to the free market and to the American entrepreneurial spirit. 
I thank Congressman C
RAMER for his 
hard work. I am proud to have him as one of the leaders in this effort. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman B
ARTON for his kind words 
and his tireless effort on behalf of the employees, the workers, the economy of our country, and for articulating so beautifully and so perfectly, without rehearsal, the next chapter of what I began to talk about when I talk about the historical context. We are reliving much of that history right now. 
As we think about ISIS, as we think 
about Iran and a path to a nuclear weapon, when we think about what is going on with Russia’s movement fur-ther and further into Europe and its growing influence, the bear is back. Here we have the opportunity to use the peaceful tools of energy develop-ment rather than the weapons of war. 
b1700 
Never has the world needed it more. 
You talked about the bipartisan effort and how proud we are to work hand in hand with our Democratic Member friends, what a blessing that has been. One of the best, a gentleman that I have grown to not just know and appre-ciate, but to love, is Representative D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, whose heart 
for the things that matter has in many ways changed mine, I have to admit. He has changed mine. 
He has offered amendments to mul-
tiple bills, an amendment to multiple bills that I have now joined him in of-
fering. It is not one on this bill, but I want to read the amendment because it is relevant to what we are doing. It is a simple amendment. 
Representative S
COTT from Georgia 
offered this, and I join him in it, if not as an amendment, at least as an in-struction. I quote now from his amend-ment: 
Knowing that young Black men in the 
United States ages 18 to 37 are the hardest hit, at a 38 percent unemployment rate, and as high as 50 percent in some of our States and cities, the U.S. Congress, through this act, strongly requests the labor unions and contractors who will participate in the de-velopment of our oil infrastructure to ac-tively recruit qualified said young Black men ages 18 to 37 for employment with their existing apprenticeship programs. 
His amendment goes on to say: 
These labor union apprenticeship programs 
will be conducted in conjunction with the National Electrical Contractors Association and the United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry of the United States and Canada, under the auspices of the National Joint Apprenticeship and Training Com-mittee, which allows apprentices to ‘‘Earn While You Learn.’’ 
As I said earlier, if we, as capitalists, 
people who support the free enterprise system—and this is clearly support of free markets—if we believe that a ris-ing tide can lift all boats, let’s lend a hand. Let’s prove it. Let’s prove it by giving more opportunities to popu-lations that have disadvantages in our marketplace and prove to them that we can, in fact, lift all boats. 
I might add—and, Chairman B
ARTON , 
if you want to explain some of this and comment on this—there is another im-portant provision that was in H.R. 702 that is also part of this bill, and that gets to the use of support for the mari-time security program. Would you be willing to share a couple minutes about that, because that is an important part of what we are doing. 
Mr. BARTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CRAMER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. We have a fleet of pri-
vately owned ships that are normally in private commercial operation and that are owned by the companies that operate here in the ports of the United States. We pay a small fee each year from the Department of Defense so that, if these ships ever need to be used to transport military supplies overseas, they have to cease commercial oper-ation and carry the military cargo. 
They are only used when it is—I 
won’t say an emergency, but a special situation. In this bill, we have some funding that increases the per-ship re-imbursement rate slightly so that it makes it feasible for these ships to be on standby for our military to use. It was offered by the chairman of the full committee—I think Chairman F
RED 
UPTON —when our bill was on the floor, 
and it was included in the manager’s amendment. It was made part of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.071 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9372 December 16, 2015 
bill then and is in the bill that is before 
us that we are going to vote on on Fri-day. It is a way to help in a cost-effec-tive way our military when they need lift capacity to get military supplies overseas in a tense situation. 
Mr. CRAMER. Making this vehicle 
another all-important appropriate ve-hicle for this amendment because the main piece of the omnibus package is, of course, increased spending for our defense. But you said cost effective. You are right, having these flagships available really saves the country the cost of about $52 billion worth of build-ing the ships, so it is a tremendous tool. 
Mr. BARTON. It is a good deal for the 
taxpayer and a good deal for our troops. 
Mr. CRAMER. It definitely is. Thank 
you for that, and thank you again for your leadership. 
Mr. BARTON. Thank you for your 
leadership. I am going to have to ex-cuse myself, but thank you for this Special Order. 
Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
going to wrap up, as well, with another history lesson. It is so interesting. I love history. I am not one who looks back a lot. I do like to look in the rear-view mirror once in a while to make sure I am still going straight as I move forward. I think we as a Congress and as a country need to do the same. 
It was on this very day, December 16, 
1773, that patriots at Boston Harbor ex-pressed their displeasure with a foreign power’s influence over what they felt was an essential commodity. Partici-pants of the Boston Tea Party, many of whom were small-business owners, well versed in and practitioners of the teachings of Adam Smith and, yes, free market economics, never would have envisioned that one commodity should be arbitrarily discriminated against over another, especially by their own government. We have an opportunity with this commodity to make a dif-ference. 
Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how 
much time is left? I see that Chairman S
HIMKUS is here and might have a word 
or two for us. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. CRAMER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois (Mr. S HIMKUS ), my 
good friend. 
Mr. SHIMKUS. I want to thank my 
colleague from North Dakota and just say a couple things. 
First of all, what we have done on 
the omnibus is great public policy. Crude oil is a commodity like corn and beans that should be sold on the world market. 
Secondly, more oil on the world mar-
ket lowers the prices for crude oil for everybody. 
Thirdly, on the international secu-
rity arena, and by focus on Europe, and primarily the old captive nations of Eastern Europe, is that they are being held hostage by energy extortion by the Russians. The more we put more crude oil on the world market, the 
more that lowers the international price. That makes them have the op-portunity to be free and independent from a totalitarian regime that is their neighbor to the east. 
I appreciate my colleague offering 
me up an opportunity to address this. 
Mr. CRAMER. That is the perfect 
wrap-up, Mr. S
HIMKUS . 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 8 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1934 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 7 
o’clock and 34 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 16, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2015 at 5:21 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 238. That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 3594. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 16, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2015 at 6:04 p.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H.J. Res. 78. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Wednesday, December 16, 2015: 
H.J. Res. 78, making further con-
tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 2029, MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM DECEMBER 19, 2015, THROUGH JANUARY 4, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–382) on the resolution (H. Res. 566) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for mili-tary construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from December 19, 2015, through January 4, 2016; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C UELLAR (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today and the balance of 
the week on account of death in fam-ily. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 238. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin cap-sicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons, to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
S. 571. An act to amend the Pilot’s Bill of 
Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT 
RESOLUTION SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill and a joint resolution of the House of the following title, which were there-upon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2270. An act to redesignate the 
Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE7.073 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9373 December 16, 2015 
in the State of Washington, as the Billy 
Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Ref-uge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial with the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes. 
H.J. Res. 78. Joint resolution making fur-
ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 17, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3772. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, 
Department of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s Semiannual Report to the Con-gress for the period April 1 through Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3773. A letter from the Senior Counsel, 
Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Truth in Lending (Regulation Z) Annual Threshold Adjustments (CARD ACT, HOEPA and ATR/QM) received December 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
3774. A letter from the Senior Counsel, 
Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold (RIN: 3170-AA11) received December 15, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3775. A letter from the Senior Counsel, 
Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — Truth in Lending (Regulation Z) received December 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3776. A letter from the Senior Counsel, 
Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — Consumer Leasing (Regulation M) (RIN: 3170-AA06) received December 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
3777. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting two re-ports on the Progress of the Federal Govern-ment in Meeting the Renewable Energy Goals of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 for fis-cal years 2009-2010 and 2011-2012, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15852(d); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 203(d); (119 Stat. 653); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3778. A letter from the Administrator, En-
ergy Information Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the report en-titled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petro-leum and Petroleum Products Produced in Countries Other Than Iran’’, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 8513a(d)(4); Public Law 112-81, Sec. 
1245(d)(4) (as amended by Public Law 112-158, Sec. 503(b)(1)); (126 Stat. 1261); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3779. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed items to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2778 note; Public Law 105-261, Sec. 1512 (as amended by Public Law 105-277, Sec. 146); (112 Stat. 2174); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3780. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser for Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements other than treaties en-tered into by the United States, to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(d) Public Law 92- 403, Sec. 1; (86 Stat. 619); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3781. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting a detailed report justifying the reasons for the extension of locality-based com-parability payments to non-General Sched-ule categories of positions that are in more than one executive agency, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5304(h)(2)(C); Public Law 89-554, Sec. 5304(h) (as added by Public Law 102-378, Sec. 2(26)(E)(ii)); (106 Stat. 1349); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3782. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period of April 1, through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3783. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s FY 2015 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3784. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period of April 1, 2015, through Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3785. A letter from the Administrator, En-
vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period ending September 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
3786. A letter from the Chief Financial Offi-
cer, National Labor Relations Board, trans-mitting the Board’s Performance and Ac-countability Report for Fiscal Year 2015, pur-suant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a); (104 Stat. 2849); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3787. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting a report regarding the National Security Professional Development Interagency Per-sonnel Rotations 2nd Fiscal Year End Report on Performance Measures, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. prec. 101 note; Public Law 112-239, Sec. 1107(g); (126 Stat. 1976); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3788. A letter from the Chief Administra-
tive Officer, transmitting a quarterly report of receipts and expenditures of appropria-tions and other funds for the period October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a (H. Doc. No. 114—82); to the Com-
mittee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 
3789. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Annual Report to Congress on Inves-tigation, Enforcement and Implementation of Sex Offender Registration and Notifica-tion Act Requirements, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16991; Public Law 109-248, Sec. 635; (120 Stat. 644); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
3790. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a draft bill to authorize major medical facility projects for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for fiscal year 2016, and other purposes, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8104(a)(2); to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
3791. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update for Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-85] received December 15, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3792. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Tribal Economic Development Bonds: Use of Volume Cap for Draw-down Loans [Notice 2015-83] received December 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3793. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only (I.R.B. 2015-49) — Revenue Ruling: 2015 Base Period T-Bill Rate (Rev. Rul. 2015-26) re-ceived December 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. H. Res. 
566. A resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from December 19, 2015, through January 4, 2016; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–382). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ALLEN: 
H.R. 4262. A bill to amend title I of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to require that a State awarded a Federal grant to establish an Exchange and that termi-nates the State operation of such an Ex-change provide for an audit of the use of grant funds and return funds to the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for 
himself, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. B LUM, Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. 
MACARTHUR ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\H16DE5.REC H16DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9374 December 16, 2015 
H.R. 4263. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide for the prepara-tion of career and technical education teach-ers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 4264. A bill to promote United States 
national security and foreign policy objec-tives through consolidation and strength-ening of the rule of law and respect for human rights in the Republic of Azerbaijan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judici-ary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. L
ATTA , 
Mr. C UELLAR , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 4265. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act with respect to national ambient air quality standards, including the 2015 ozone standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. C LAY, Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B EATTY , and 
Ms. G RAHAM ): 
H.R. 4266. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Labor to issue an occupational safety and 
health standard to reduce injuries to pa-tients, nurses, and all other health care workers by establishing a safe patient han-dling, mobility, and injury prevention stand-ard, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-
self, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B UCSHON , and 
Mr. L ATTA ): 
H.R. 4267. A bill to provide that no penalty 
may be imposed on a State for refusing to expend refugee resettlement assistance funds on certain refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 4268. A bill to designate the Castner 
Range in the State of Texas, to establish the Castner Range National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. 
A
DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
BECERRA , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY  
of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-
linois, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
NADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE 
of North Carolina, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
RANGEL , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and 
Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 4269. A bill to regulate assault weap-
ons, to ensure that the right to keep and bear arms is not unlimited, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 4270. A bill to provide authority for 
access to certain business records collected under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 prior to November 29, 2015, to make the authority for roving surveillance, the authority to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers, and title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 permanent, and to modify the certifi-cation requirements for access to telephone toll and transactional records by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intel-ligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: 
H.R. 4271. A bill to prohibit the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency from awarding contracts for public relations, market research, or other similar activities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Agriculture, Transportation and In-frastructure, and Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mrs. 
W
ALORSKI , and Mr. C OFFMAN ): 
H.R. 4272. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a Families of Fallen Heroes Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for 
himself and Mr. M
CDERMOTT ): H.R. 4273. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for hospital outpatient depart-ment services and complex rehabilitation technology and to improve program integ-
rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 4274. A bill to prohibit the admission 
of K-1 nonimmigrants and to prohibit the issuance of K-1 visas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. G UTHRIE , and 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania): 
H.R. 4275. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to eliminate a provision under the Medicare Advantage program that inadvertently penalizes Medicare Advantage plans for providing high quality care to Medicare beneficiaries; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. 
T
ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, and Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida): 
H.R. 4276. A bill to strengthen parity in 
mental health and substance use disorder benefits; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Ms. 
S
CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 4277. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psychologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. 
E
NGEL , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. 
TAKANO ): 
H.R. 4278. A bill to authorize the Director 
of the Bureau of Justice Assistance to make grants to States, units of local government, and gun dealers to conduct gun buyback pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and 
Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana): 
H.R. 4279. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to disclose certain informa-tion to State controlled substance moni-toring programs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.J. Res. 78. A joint resolution making fur-
ther continuing appropriations for fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16DE7.100 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9375 December 16, 2015 
year 2016, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Appropriations. considered and passed. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.J. Res. 79. A joint resolution proposing a 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. R
OS-
KAM, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. R OYCE ): 
H. Res. 567. A resolution expressing opposi-
tion to the European Commission interpre-tive notice regarding labeling Israeli prod-ucts and goods manufactured in the West Bank and other areas, as such actions under-mine efforts to achieve a negotiated Israeli- Palestinian peace process; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mrs. CAPPS introduced a bill (H.R. 
4280) to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to Colonel Philip Conran of the United States Air Force for acts of valor during the Vietnam War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ALLEN: 
H.R. 4262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Consistent with the original understanding 
of the commerce clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found in Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: 
H.R. 4263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution states that ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 4264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 4265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 4266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1; Sec. 8 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 4267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 4268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 4269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 4270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: 
H.R. 4271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 14 states Con-
gress shall have the power to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces. 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 4272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 7 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 4273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 4274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 United States Con-
stitution 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 4275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. KENNEDY: 
H.R. 4276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—to provide for the gen-
eral welfare and to regulate commerce among the states. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 4277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. PAYNE: 
H.R. 4278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has 
the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 4279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 4280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.J. Res. 78. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. 
By Mr. HARDY: 
H.J. Res. 79. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 178: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 201: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 307: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 347: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 391: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 393: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 592: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 676: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 721: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 752: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 793: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 815: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 841: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 863: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 921: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 973: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 986: Mr. W ALBERG and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1116: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. F LO-
RES, and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1117: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
FATTAH , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1220: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1258: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1274: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1288: Ms. K USTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and 
Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1343: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1431: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona. 
H.R. 1432: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona. 
H.R. 1475: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1567: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and 
Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1784: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1923: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 2043: Mr. E NGEL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16DE7.100 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9376 December 16, 2015 
H.R. 2216: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2257: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2302: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2304: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 2411: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2442: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2536: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2597: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 2649: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2713: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. H ARRIS and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2817: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. C OOK, and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. K EATING and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2965: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2984: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 3099: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3180: Mr. H URDof Texas, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. C LARKE of New 
York. 
H.R. 3222: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3229: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
of Georgia, Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 3235: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 3323: Mr. S IMPSON and Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mrs. 
HARTZLER . 
H.R. 3375: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3381: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3393: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 3477: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 3556: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3579: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 3662: Mr. P ALMER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B OST, 
Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3698: Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3706: Ms. E STYand Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 3722: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 3734: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 3782: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 3783: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 3785: Mr. K EATING , Mr. I SRAEL , and 
Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3805: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , 
Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 3852: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 3856: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. A MODEI , and 
Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 3858: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3888: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 3990: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 4019: Mr. S ERRANO and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 4039: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 4058: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 4062: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 4087: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 4101: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 4121: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 4137: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 4152: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio. 
H.R. 4153: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 4162: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 4185: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
BUCK, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 4186: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 4211: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 4226: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 4237: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 4238: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 4240: Mr. V ELA, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4247: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 4257: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.J. Res. 74: Mr. T URNER . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. R OKITA . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. M CCAULand Mr. B OU-
STANY . 
H. Con. Res. 88: Mr. B URGESS . 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. I SSA. 
H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
MACARTHUR , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. T OMPRICE 
of Georgia. 
H. Res. 265: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H. Res. 290: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H. Res. 318: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H. Res. 428: Mr. K EATING and Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia. 
H. Res. 467: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H. Res. 510: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H. Res. 523: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
HIGGINS . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
H.J. Res. 78, a resolution making further 
continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE7.034 H16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8689 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2015 No. 183 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11:01 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-
day’s opening prayer will be offered by 
RDML Brent W. Scott, Deputy Chief of Chaplains for the U.S. Navy and Chap-lain of the Marine Corps in Wash-ington, DC. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Please join me in prayer. Heavenly Father, we begin this day 
in the privilege of prayer, thanking You for this great Nation, a people gathered from every tongue and tribe, bound together through the more noble ideals of liberty and justice and equal-ity, formed and favored as one Nation under God. We ask Your help as You continue to make us as one. 
We pray for our Senate in this ses-
sion and ask You to bless them with wisdom and discernment to lead our people toward reconciliation, to re-
build our Nation’s confidence in jus-tice, to restore our sense of equality. 
Free each one from the divisive dis-tractions of any lesser ideals that they may more powerfully serve the people as a body of, by, and for the people, making every effort to keep and pro-tect a more perfect union. 
We pray blessing for the men and 
women who wear our Nation’s cloth, standing watch in every corner and clime of the globe. Give them peace as they bring peace to this troubled world. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.000 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8690 December 16, 2015 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS AND TAX 
RELIEF AGREEMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
said yesterday that committees and Members from both sides were making important progress in the appropria-tions and tax relief negotiations. 
As colleagues now know, last night 
the committees and Members reached agreement and filed legislation over in the House. I just participated in a pro-ductive meeting where the committees walked our conference through details of this legislation. I know our col-leagues across the aisle are discussing the matter as well. I will have more to say on this soon. Now is the time for Members to review the legislation for themselves. I would encourage them to do so. I would also encourage Members to debate it. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
OMNIBUS AND TAX EXTENDERS 
AGREEMENT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, as the Re-
publican leader mentioned, last night the Senate and House leaders finalized a bipartisan compromise that keeps our government open and funded and extends important tax policies for American families and businesses. 
I said last night—define ‘‘last night.’’ 
The last email I got was 2:45 this morn-ing from my chief of staff, who was one of the negotiators. Sometime in the darkness, the bill was finalized. When I say ‘‘the bill,’’ it is really two bills—a bipartisan compromise keeps our doors opened and funded and extends impor-tant tax policies for American busi-nesses. 
This was not an easy process. Mem-
bers and our staffs worked intensely for weeks to craft this agreement. As I mentioned yesterday and I say again today, I appreciate the cooperation, ex-pertise, and all the good work done by Speaker R
YAN, Leader P ELOSI , Senator 
MCCONNELL , and their staffs. They 
were, I am told—and in all my dealings with them, I underscore and underline what my chief of staff Drew Willison, chief negotiator, said of the staff. They were a pleasure to work with. They were professional and did exceptional 
work on the agreement that we reached. 
It is a good compromise. The Pre-
siding Officer, not being a longtime Member of Congress but a longtime legislator, knows that no legislation is perfect, but this is good legislation. This is truly a fine definition of legis-lation—the art of compromise. When we say ‘‘compromise,’’ it doesn’t mean anyone is doing away with their prin-
ciples; what it simply means is that people can’t be bullheaded and unrea-sonable in what they are doing to ac-complish their goals. 
In spite of Republican majorities in 
the Senate and the House, we Demo-crats were able to ensure that this leg-islation creates and saves middle-class jobs, protects the environment, and in-vests in renewable energy sources. For example, by extending tax incentives for wind, solar, geothermal, and other technologies, the omnibus spending bill will create and protect over 100,000 jobs in the clean energy sector. A 5-year ex-tension of wind and solar credits will promote growth and help curb carbon emission by roughly 25 percent by the year 2020. And to those who will argue that lifting the oil export ban will counteract these important steps to limit pollution, that is simply not the case. It is not true. Extending the wind and solar tax incentives will eliminate over 10 times more carbon emissions than lifting the oil export ban will cre-ate. 
The omnibus spending bill is good for 
jobs, and good for clean energy and the environment. It also helps American families by including a provision that will lower health insurance premiums. 
To fully appreciate the compromise, 
we can’t simply tick off the many ben-eficial policies the agreement includes. We must also consider that many trou-blesome provisions the Democrats fought to exclude didn’t wind up in the legislation. When this matter came from the House, there were more than 200 so-called riders, and they didn’t wind up in the bill. Many of these rid-ers represented the worst of legislative priorities: weaken Dodd-Frank banking regulations; undermine the Depart-ment of Labor’s fiduciary rule; roll back the National Labor Relations Board’s joint employer standard; elimi-nate protections for clean air, water, land, and climate; weaken the con-sumer protection bureau’s ability to protect consumers; curb the Presi-dent’s powers under the Antiquities Act to create national monuments; and destroy the candidate contribution limits. These are only a few of the many special riders that were sent to us from the House, and we did not allow 99 percent of these to be included because they are harmful policies. 
I say again, this compromise isn’t 
perfect, but it is good. It is good for the American people. And if it weren’t for Democratic efforts, it would have been a lot worse. 
I also extend my appreciation to the 
great staff of the White House—first of all, the President’s Chief of Staff, 
Denis McDonough. He is a former col-lege football player, he is a strong man emotionally and physically, and he is very forthright, which I appreciate in the positions that he takes with every-body. He helped guide this legislation through. 
We have a number of people who 
work at the White House with whom we worked intensely. All the Cabinet officers—we had a very good relation-ship with Brian Deese, who is a jack-of- all-trades at the White House and does so much in many different areas. I ap-preciate very much his involvement in many different ways. 
Longtime Senate employee Katie 
Beirne Fallon has been available any-time we needed her, and this has been very difficult for her because she is a new mom to two little twins. She was always available. We were disappointed when she went to the White House from the Senate, but her knowledge of the Senate has been helpful in our being able to move this bill as far as it has been. 
A longtime staffer who operated on 
the floor here for many, many years was Marty Paone, who was available whenever we needed him. He is a fine man. We still miss him here in the Sen-ate. He does such a great job for the country and the Senate. 
We must pass the legislation, as the 
Republican leader said, as quickly as we can. Christmas is fast approaching. I hope Republicans in the House and the Senate will move quickly to move this legislation to the floor so we can vote on it and give the American peo-ple every confidence their government will remain open. 
Would the Presiding Officer state 
what the Senate will be doing the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 6 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE BUDGET AND TAX 
EXTENDERS 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to call attention to the signifi-cant contributions public servants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.001 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8691 December 16, 2015 
make to our Nation each day. It ap-
pears that we are close to the final con-clusion to the budget and tax extenders debate, and hopefully we will soon all be able to go home to see our families. I have a little easier opportunity with that than the Presiding Officer. 
It does appear that this year we may 
be able to put together a 2-year budget process, which is a step in the right di-rection. Too often Congress punts on its public responsibilities with stopgap solutions to our country’s problems. Through all these challenges, though, our public servants, particularly our Federal employees, with little recogni-tion and less fanfare work through these ups and downs to improve Ameri-cans’ lives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL 
EMPLOYEES 
KEVIN STRICKLIN  
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, since 
2010, I have come to the Senate floor on an occasional basis to honor exemplary Federal employees, a tradition started by my friend, the former Senator from Delaware Ted Kaufman. Today I am going to continue that tradition as we get to the close of this year. 
I am pleased to honor a great Federal 
employee, Kevin Stricklin, who also happens to be a Virginian. As the ad-ministrator for coal at the Mine Safety and Health Administration, Mr. Stricklin leads a team that enforces safety rules, improves industry compli-ance, and executes rescue and recovery operations. 
On his watch, the number of coal 
miners who died in accidents last year, 16, while still too high, was the lowest ever recorded in the history of the United States. In addition, the number of mines with chronic violations dropped from 51 in 2010 to 12 in 2014, and the number of citations against mines fell from more than 96,000 in 2010 to less than 63,000 in 2014, even as in-spections increased. 
After the Upper Big Branch Mine dis-
aster in 2010, Mr. Stricklin was at the frontlines of implementing reforms to improve mine safety, including quar-terly inspections, surprise inspections for repeat violators, and a program that identifies habitual safety lapses. 
When accidents have occurred, Mr. 
Stricklin’s creativity and calm under pressure have saved countless lives. In a 2002 accident, a Pennsylvania coal mine flooded, trapping nine miners. Mr. Stricklin and his team devised a plan to drill a 6
1⁄2-inch hole and inject 
compressed air into it. Their plan pro-vided oxygen to the miners and pre-vented the water level from rising any further. The miners survived and were hoisted to the surface using a capsule the team helped design. 
Following a 2006 accident in West 
Virginia, rescuers’ efforts were im-peded by limitations in communicating over long distances. The protocol at that time was 1,000 feet. The team’s so-lution was to develop a wireless fiber- optic system that extended commu-
nication up to 5 miles. Mr. Stricklin and his team improved the standard by more than 26 times. 
Like so many other Federal employ-
ees, they went above and beyond be-cause it was in the country’s best in-terest, not because they expected praise or recognition. Mr. Stricklin, whose two grandfathers and father were all coal miners, describes his ob-jective as being ‘‘for each miner to go home as safe and as healthy at the end of the day as they started at the begin-ning of the day.’’ 
I am proud to rise today to recognize 
Mr. Stricklin’s dedication to public safety and commitment to public serv-ice. I hope my colleagues will join me in thanking him, his team, and, frank-ly, during the holiday season, all Fed-eral Government employees at all lev-els of service to our country for their contributions and hard work. 
As we go through these final days of 
debate—and hopefully, as I said at the outset, we will get a chance to spend time with our families over the holi-days—I do think it is important that we also take a moment to reflect on the close to 2 million civilian Federal employees who serve our Nation in so many ways each and every day without fanfare. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I also ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to complete two sets of remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM 
TAX HIKES ACT 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last night 
after months of discussion and several weeks of intense negotiations, bipar-tisan leaders from both the House and the Senate reached an agreement on both the substance and a procedural path forward for legislation that will provide millions of American families and businesses with much needed tax relief and set the stage for comprehen-sive tax reform in the future. 
The bill, which we are calling the 
Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act—or PATH Act—of 2015, would make a number of temporary tax provi-sions permanent, putting an end to the repeated tax extenders exercise that has plagued Congress for decades and giving greater certainty to U.S. tax-payers across the board. 
There are no two ways about it; this 
is a historic bill. It is actually the lat-est in a long line of historic bills we have considered in the Senate this year, and it has quite a bit in common 
with some of the other efforts we have tackled in 2015. 
For example, for many years now, 
much of what we have done in Congress has been dictated by the next deadline, cliff or crisis around the corner. More often than not, the tendency has been to simply kick every can down the road and then give speeches about why we shouldn’t do that anymore. This year the Senate has worked to end the prac-tice of governing by crisis. 
Among other things, we have passed 
bipartisan legislation to repeal and re-place the Medicare sustainable growth rate, or SGR, formula and to provide long-term funding for highway and in-frastructure projects. Both of these issues had plagued Congress for dec-ades, with permanent or long-term fixes seemingly always out of reach, regularly demonstrating that Congress was too divided and too ineffective to reach any meaningful solutions. 
The same could be said for tax ex-
tenders, which has been an almost yearly exercise in relative futility, characterized by partisan bickering as the deadlines approach, with short- term extensions enacted at the last minute, leaving no one—certainly not American taxpayers—feeling better in the end. Yet, with the PATH Act, as with the SGR and highway funding bills, we have been able to reach a bi-partisan agreement that would effec-tively end this cycle. 
We have to pass it. According to the 
Joint Committee on Taxation, 52 sepa-rate tax provisions—what we typically refer to as extenders—expired at the end of 2014. That is 52 separate provi-sions that, on a relatively frequent basis, face expiration and require us to reach agreements on further exten-sions. Our bill would reduce that num-ber down to 33 provisions—still far too many—but a significant relief in terms of ongoing extenders pressure. 
Most importantly, the bill makes 
permanent many of the most con-sequential extenders provisions, the ones that tend to drive the crisis-and- cliff mentality when it comes to tax extenders, further relieving the pres-sure and allowing Congress to function more effectively. 
By adding more permanence to the 
Tax Code, we will allow families and businesses to better plan for the future. In addition, we will adjust the tax and revenue baseline to make conditions vastly more favorable for comprehen-sive tax reform in the future, a major priority for members of both parties. 
Most importantly, passing this legis-
lation and making more tax policies permanent will provide significant tax relief for hardworking taxpayers in every walk of American life, from the middle class to military families to the working poor. It will do the same for businesses and job creators throughout 
our country, resulting in a healthier U.S. economy, increased growth, and more American jobs. 
Put simply, more permanence in the 
Tax Code will be a good thing for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.003 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8692 December 16, 2015 
country, and the PATH Act will pro-
vide just the kind of permanence we need. 
Let’s take a few minutes to look at 
some of the key provisions of this leg-islation. I will start by talking about some of the biggest priorities that my friends on the other side of the aisle brought into the recent negotiations. 
As we all remember, President 
Obama’s so-called stimulus included provisions that made some of the big-gest refundable tax credits in the Tax Code even more refundable, including the earned-income tax credit, or EITC, and the child tax credit, or CTC. These increased credits—which, when boiled down, are essentially additional cash payments made directly from the gov-ernment to an individual filing a tax return—were originally designed to be temporary and have had to be extended a number of times over the years. 
Going into these negotiations, Demo-
crats essentially demanded that the en-hancements for the EITC and CTC, along with a partially refundable col-lege tax credit that was also created in the stimulus, be made permanent. 
As you might expect, Republicans 
were reluctant to go down that road, not because we don’t want to help fam-ilies who benefit from these credits but because we know refundable credits are particularly susceptible to error, fraud, and overpayment. These types of im-proper payments are well documented, particularly with regard to the EITC, where every year we lose tens of bil-lions of dollars to either deception or bureaucratic mistakes. However, we opted to accept making these credits permanent because doing so allowed the negotiations to move forward. But we did demand—and the Democrats agreed—to include significant provi-sions to improve the program’s integ-rity with regard to these credits in order to reduce improper payments going forward. In fact, if enacted, the program integrity provisions in this bill will be the most robust improve-ments to address waste, fraud, and abuse of the Tax Code in nearly 20 years. Essentially, this compromise of refundable credits was the very defini-tion of a win-win situation, particu-larly when you consider the other pro-visions that have been included in this legislation as a result, and we really never did this before. We all knew there was fraud. 
With this bill, we will be able to se-
cure key incentives for economic growth. For example, the bill makes permanent section 179, small business expensing, which allows small busi-nesses—the drivers of American job creation—to grow and invest with more immediate tax benefits. This has been a top priority for many Members of Congress, not to mention virtually ev-eryone in the business community. 
The PATH Act will also improve and 
make permanent the research and de-velopment tax credit, the vital tax pro-vision for companies and industries that thrive on innovation and re-search—areas where the United States 
continues to lead the world. This has been something I have fought for every year—year after year after year. We have always gotten it, but it has never really worked as well as it should be-cause there was no permanence to it. Now it will be permanent, and that is a great step forward. 
Our bill also extends the term for 
bonus depreciation, giving more com-panies greater incentives to invest in assets that will help their businesses grow and expand. This, too, has been a longtime priority for the business com-munity and many Members of Con-gress. While we were not able to make it permanent, we did improve and ex-tend this important tax incentive. 
The bill will also make key improve-
ments to make America more competi-tive on the world stage. For example, it permanently extends the active financ-ing exception, or AFE, from subpart F income, and it provides a 5-year exten-sion for the controlled foreign corpora-tion, or CFC, look-through provision. Both of these tax provisions give Amer-ican companies owned by American stockholders and employing American workers a greater ability to compete internationally. This is important if, like me, you want to see U.S. compa-nies remain U.S. companies. 
In addition to these top priorities for 
businesses and job creators in the United States, the PATH Act would provide significant tax relief for fami-lies. The bill makes permanent the de-duction for State and local sales taxes. It makes permanent the low-income military housing credit and the em-ployer wage credit for Active-Duty military employees. It provides a long- term extension and an expansion of eli-gibility for work opportunity tax cred-its. All of these provisions benefit American families in various regions under a number of different cir-cumstances. Our legislation will ensure that millions of Americans who benefit from these tax provisions will be able to rely on and plan around them well into the future—not a bad result, if you can ask me. 
I am not done yet. In addition to the 
many benefits we will provide to fami-lies and businesses, the PATH Act will also give significant tax relief to char-ities. It would, for example, make sure that charitable distributions from IRAs remain tax-free on a permanent basis, and the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory would also be made permanent under the bill, as would the provision that incentivizes S corporations to make charitable contributions of property. 
I have covered quite a bit of ground 
here, and I am really only going through the highlights. I haven’t even gotten to the ObamaCare provisions yet. 
As we negotiated this legislation, the 
most difficult part was probably deal-ing with the rumor mill, which I sup-pose was not unexpected. Most of the really outrageous rumors we heard dur-ing this process dealt with provisions 
of the so-called Affordable Care Act. People were claiming that Senate Re-publicans had agreed to bail out the ObamaCare Risk Corridor Program in order to get a deal. We heard that there was an agreement to provide tax relief to prop up the failing ObamaCare ex-changes. But, of course, none of these 
rumors were true. This exercise in tax permanence was never going to be used to solidify ObamaCare, and Repub-licans never for a second considered al-lowing that to happen. 
However, because many Democrats 
have begun to recognize some of the more problematic elements of the President’s health law, we agreed on the need to suspend one of the more harmful taxes imposed under ObamaCare. The bill includes a 2-year moratorium on the medical device tax—one of the more unpopular and poorly drafted taxes included in the health law that has in recent years drawn the ire of Republicans and Democrats alike. This moratorium is important not only because it dem-onstrates the bipartisan opposition to the tax, but because it will help pa-tients and consumers throughout the country who have seen their health care costs go up because of the medical device tax. I have been a particular ad-vocate to get rid of that lousy tax, and we are ultimately going to get rid of it, but at least we are rid of it for the next 2 years. We will see what happens in those 2 years. 
When all is said and done, this legis-
lation provides roughly $650 billion in tax relief over the next 10 years for families, job creators, and others. That is real money that will help millions of people and provide real growth for our economy. That is the real value of greater permanence in our Tax Code and is the biggest reason we need to pass this legislation. 
Don’t get me wrong: I don’t believe 
this is a perfect bill by any means. It is not even close to perfect. As I have grown fond of saying, if we were living in the United States of O
RRIN HATCH , 
this legislation would look a lot dif-ferent. Although it pains me to admit sometimes, that is not where we live. Here in the real world, any under-taking worth the effort is going to re-quire compromise. I know I say that a lot. In fact, I probably said something about the importance of compromise and learning the art of the doable every time we have considered a high- profile piece of legislation this year, but that does not make my arguments any less true. 
This is a good bill, period. Anyone, if 
they are so inclined, could cling to the parts they don’t like and make excuses to vote no. Taken as a whole, both par-ties should be able to support the over-all package we put together, and with-out question, every one of us should welcome the positive impact this bill will have on our economy and our fu-ture legislative efforts here in the Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.004 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8693 December 16, 2015 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
the PATH Act and provide real tax re-lief at this critical time. 
Before I close, I just have to note 
that a lot of work has gone into this legislation. Every provision of this bill has had a number of champions in the Congress who have worked for years to preserve and enhance these provisions in the hopes of eventually making them permanent. I want to acknowl-edge some of those efforts here today, particularly those of my colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee. For ex-ample, the deduction for State and local sales taxes, which this bill makes permanent, has had a number of cham-pions on both sides of the aisle. In our committee, Senators E
NZI, C ORNYN , 
THUNE , and H ELLER have all made this 
issue a priority, and our legislation will ensure that their work pays off. 
Another one of the more significant 
tax provisions this bill would make permanent is the research and develop-ment tax credit. This has been a top priority of mine for many years, and Senators C
ORNYN , CRAPO , and R OBERTS  
have also played leading rolls in this effort over the years. 
Section 179, small business expens-
ing, will also be made permanent under this bill, and Senators T
OOMEY , ROB-
ERTS , THUNE , PORTMAN , and I SAKSON  
have all been leaders on this issue for many years. 
The bill would also make permanent 
the accelerated 15-year depreciation for restaurants and retail, a provision that Senators B
URR, CORNYN , CRAPO , HELL-
ER, ISAKSON , ROBERTS , and P ORTMAN  
have all worked long and hard to keep in place. Of course, I could always add my own name to every one of these. 
In addition, Senator E
NZIhas been a 
big supporter of making the active fi-nancing exception, or AFE, permanent. Our bill, once again, accomplishes this goal. 
On the charitable side, Senator R
OB-
ERTS has been a strong supporter of the 
S corporation basis adjustment for charitable contributions and the chari-table deduction for food inventory con-tributions, both of which will be made permanent by passing this bill. 
Senator T
HUNE has also been a leader 
with regard to the food inventory de-duction, and he has also worked to en-sure that charitable distributions from IRAs remain tax-free—another perma-nent provision in the PATH Act and something all Republicans support. 
Senator H
ELLER has championed the 
special rules for real property contribu-tions made for conservation purposes— yet another item our bill makes perma-nent. 
The deduction for teacher classroom 
expenses is also made permanent in this bill. Senator B
URR has been a 
strong supporter of that provision and deserves a lot of credit for it. 
In addition, the PATH Act will make 
the low-income housing tax credit per-manent—something both Senator R
OB-
ERTS and Senator C RAPO have worked 
on for some time. All of the people I have mentioned 
have been very active Members on the Republican side. 
Senator P
ORTMAN has pushed to ex-
tend the work opportunity tax credit and to expand it to include the long- term unemployed. His proposed modi-fication is included in our bill, as is an unprecedented 5-year extension for this credit. 
Thanks, Senator P
ORTMAN . We appre-
ciate your work on this. 
We have seen him work so hard on so 
many of these issues. We are grateful for him, and I am really grateful to have all of these people on my com-mittee helping out. 
Of course, this is not an exhaustive 
list. Right now I am focusing mainly on temporary provisions that we will make permanent by passing the PATH Act. If I start talking about my various colleagues’ efforts on shorter term ex-tensions in the bill, we would be here all day. 
I do, however, also want to give cred-
it where it is due on the ObamaCare provisions. For years now, opposition to the misguided medical device tax— that is the most charitable description of that tax you will ever hear from me—has been gaining momentum. Throughout that time, Senators T
OOMEY , BURR, and C OATS have worked 
very hard on the Finance Committee to push for a repeal. As I noted earlier, our bill would take a significant step forward in this effort by imposing a 2- year moratorium on this job-killing tax. 
I might add that I haven’t mentioned 
my colleagues on the other side, but certainly A
MYKLOBUCHAR has stood 
right with me, as have so many on the other side of the aisle as well, in get-ting rid of that tax. It is only for 2 years, but ultimately we are going to get rid of it completely, and we have to do that. 
Let me just say that it is a pleasure 
for me to work with Senator W
YDEN , 
the ranking member. He has worked with us on many of these issues, and so have others on the Democratic side of the aisle, but the leadership on many of these issues has come from these people I have mentioned, and I want to make sure the people who are listening will understand this. 
As one can see, the PATH Act re-
flects the efforts and priorities of many Members of the Senate—not just mem-bers of the Finance Committee but Members on both sides on some of these very important issues, as they would have to be. I thank my Demo-cratic friends for helping. 
As the debate on this important bill 
begins in earnest, I am particularly grateful for the work my colleagues on the Finance Committee have put in to advance the interests of their constitu-ents. Each of our Members has put a huge stamp on this legislation, and with a little luck and a handful more votes, their work will be permanently enshrined in the Tax Code, and that is no small achievement after all of these years of trying to make some of these 
provisions permanent. 
There are, of course, others who have 
also worked hard on various parts of this bill. Virtually every Senator—or at the very least every Senator’s con-stituents—has high-priority items in-cluded in this bill. That is a big reason why it is important that we get this done for the American people. 
Again, I am happy to bring together 
both Democrats and Republicans on this important set of tax changes that is long overdue. I am very pleased to work with my Democratic colleagues as well, many of whom deserve credit. Being in the majority, we had to have the efforts of these Republican people whom I have been praising here today. 
f 
REMEMBERING NATHAN GRAHAM 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to a beloved Utahn who was taken years before his time—Nathan Graham. Nate was not only a cele-brated member of the tightly knit community of Utahns here in Wash-ington but was also a well-respected former staffer of the U.S. Senate. 
Tragically, at the young age of 37, 
Nate was struck by a random infection and passed away unexpectedly while on a business trip to China last week. Al-though he is no longer with us, the great love he shared with others re-mains in our hearts. 
Born in Layton, UT, Nate graduated 
from Northridge High School before studying political science at Weber State University and moving to Wash-ington, DC. From 2003 to 2009, he served as a legislative assistant for my friend and former colleague Senator Robert F. Bennett. Nate was Senator Ben-nett’s key staffer on the Transatlantic Policy Network—a group that includes U.S. and European elected officials as well as business, policy, and academic leaders in Europe and the United States. 
As a military legislative assistant, 
Nate also worked closely with combat leaders at Utah’s military installa-tions, including Hill Air Force Base, the Dugway Proving Ground, and the Utah Test and Training Range. In this capacity, he also advanced Senator Bennett’s priorities on the Appropria-tions Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs. The Senator’s agenda included increasing funding for microfinance programs, strengthening the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation, and working to ac-quire the F–35 aircraft at Hill Air Force Base. As Senator Bennett’s trusted adviser, he accompanied the Senator to Europe several times for TPN business and meetings. He also traveled to Egypt, Taiwan, and China in support of Senator Bennett’s work on foreign policy. 
Nate’s trademark humility endeared 
him to all. He never thought himself above anyone else, and he was always helpful and kind to everyone, regard-less of status or position. Nate even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.005 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8694 December 16, 2015 
had a special reputation as a mentor to 
Senator Bennett’s junior staff. He looked out for young staffers just starting their careers and actively searched out new experiences for their professional development. 
Following his time in the Senate, 
Nate entered the private sector, ac-cepting a position with Procter & Gam-ble as their senior manager for global government relations and public pol-icy. 
Although Nate never worked for me 
directly, he was a gifted public servant whose contributions were highly re-garded across the entire Utah delega-tion and by me personally. Speaking to Nate’s character, Senator Bennett— who is going through his own personal battle with cancer right now—sent me the following note over the weekend: 
Nate Graham was a valued and much-loved 
member of my staff who was on track for great success in life, both professionally and with his beautiful family. This is a terrible tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. We will miss him terribly. 
While Nate was working for Senator 
Bennett, he met and fell in love with his sweetheart and eternal companion, Melanie Mickelson. I know Bob was de-lighted when he could be a match-maker for some of his staffers. 
In addition to Melanie, Nate is sur-
vived by their four sons: Rowen, James, Lincoln, and Griffin—who was born just 2 months ago. Nate was an active member of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints, having served an LDS mission in Honduras and Belize. Just 6 weeks before he passed away, he was released as the bishop of a local congregation in Ar-lington, VA, where he built a reputa-tion for fostering a community of love and friendship. 
A tidal wave of support has washed 
over the Graham family in the wake of Nate’s passing. In just a few days, friends and neighbors have already raised nearly $100,000 in a crowdfunding effort to support this family. 
I wish to close with the words of the 
Scottish poet Henry Francis Lyte, from his hymn, ‘‘Abide With Me,’’ which he wrote on his deathbed in 1847. This song is well beloved across the LDS community. It offers comfort and peace amid the sadness of loss: 
I fear no foe, with Thee at hand to bless; 
Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness; Where is death’s sting? Where, grave, thy victory? I triumph still, if Thou abide with me. 
We believe Nate now abides in a holi-
er place. His family is in our thoughts just as they are in our prayers. May God comfort them, and may He com-fort all of us as we mourn the loss of an exceptional friend, father, and hus-band. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Arizona. 
f 
RUSSIAN ROCKET ENGINES 
POLICY PROVISION 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I rise to 
call attention, sadly, to the triumph of pork-barrel parochialism in this year’s Omnibus appropriations bill—in par-ticular, a policy provision that was airdropped into this bill, in direct con-travention to the National Defense Au-thorization Act, which will have U.S. taxpayers subsidize Russian aggression and ‘‘comrade’’ capitalism. 
Nearly 2 years ago, Russian Presi-
dent Vladimir Putin, furious that the Ukrainian people had ousted a pro- Moscow stooge, invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea. It is the first time since the days of Hitler and Stalin that brute force has been projected across an internationally recognized border to dismember a sovereign state on the Eu-ropean Continent. More than 8,000 peo-ple have died in this conflict, including 298 innocent people aboard Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 who were murdered by Vladimir Putin’s loyal supporters with weapons that Vladimir Putin had supplied them. 
Putin’s imperialist campaign in East-
ern Europe forced a recognition, for anyone who was not yet convinced, that we are confronting a challenge that many had assumed was resigned to the history books: a strong, mili-tarily capable Russian Government that is hostile to our interests and our values and seeks to challenge the inter-national order that American leaders of both parties have sought to main-tain since the end of World War II. 
That is why the Congress imposed 
tough sanctions against Russia, espe-cially against Putin’s cronies and their enormously corrupt business empire. As part of that effort, Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2015, which re-stricted the Air Force from using Rus-sian-made RD–180 rocket engines for national security space launches—en-gines that are manufactured by a Rus-sian company controlled by some of Putin’s top cronies. We did so not only because our Nation should not rely on Russia to access space but because it is simply immoral to help subsidize Rus-sia’s intervention in Ukraine and line the pockets of Putin’s gang of thugs who profit from the sale of Russian rocket engines. 
Last year the Defense authorization 
bill exempted five of the engines that United Launch Alliance purchased be-fore the invasion of Ukraine. This al-lowed ULA, the space launch company that for years has enjoyed a monopoly on launching military satellites, to use those Russian rocket engines if the Secretary of Defense determined it was necessitated by national security. 
Since the passage of the act in the 
Senate 89 to 11, Russia has continued— as we all know—to destabilize Ukraine and menace our NATO allies in Europe 
with aggressive military behavior. Putin has sent advanced weapons to Iran, violated the 1987 Intermediate- Range Nuclear Force Treaty. In a pro-found echo of the Cold War, Russia has intervened militarily in Syria on be-half of the murderous regime of Bashar Assad. Clearly, Russian behavior has only gotten worse. 
That is why a few weeks ago Con-
gress acted again and passed the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2016. The NDAA authorized $300 million in security assistance and intelligence support for Ukraine to re-sist Russian aggression. At the same time, the bill recognized that a small 
number of Russian engines could be needed—could be needed to maintain competition in the National Security Space Launch Program and facilitate a smooth transition to rockets with en-gines made in the United States. Therefore, the legislation allowed ULA to use a total of nine Russian engines. The fiscal year 2016 Defense authoriza-tion bill, including its provision lim-iting the use of Russian rocket engines, was debated for months. For months the issue was debated. The Committee on Armed Services had a vigorous de-bate on this important issue. An amendment was offered to maintain the restriction on the Air Force’s use of Russian rocket engines. In a positive vote of the committee, the amendment was adopted. 
We then considered hundreds of 
amendments to this bill on the Senate floor over a period of 2 weeks. For 2 weeks we literally considered hundreds of amendments, and we did so trans-parently, with an open process which was a credit, frankly, to both sides. There was not one amendment that was called up to change the provision of that authorization bill concerning the RD–180 rocket engines. The legisla-tion passed with 71 votes. 
Then, because of a misguided Presi-
dential veto, this defense legislation was actually considered a second time on the floor and it passed 91 to 3. I want to reemphasize, one of the things I was proud of for years is that we do debate the Senate Armed Services na-tional defense authorization bill. We have done so every year for some 43 years, and passed it, and had the Presi-dent sign it. We open it to all amend-ments, but there was no amendment on rocket engines proposed on the floor of the Senate. Why wasn’t it? If there were Members of the Senate who did not like the provisions in the bill, we had an open process to amend it, but they didn’t. They didn’t because they knew they could not pass an amend-ment that would remove that provision in the Defense Authorization Act. So now in the dead of night we just found out, hours before we are supposed to vote, that they put in a restriction which dramatically changes that provi-sion that was done in an open and transparent process. To their ever-lasting shame, in the dark of night, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.007 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8695 December 16, 2015 
a vote—not a vote—no one consulted 
on the Armed Services Committee. 
The fiscal year 2016 bill, including its 
provision limiting the use of Russian rocket engines, was debated for months. The committee had a vigorous debate, as I mentioned. Here is my point. The Senate had this debate. We had ample time and opportunity to have this debate. Through months of this fulsome debate, no Senator came to the Senate floor to make the case that we needed to buy more Russian rocket engines, no Senator introduced an amendment on the floor to lift the restriction on buying more Russian rocket engines. To the contrary, the Senate and the full Congress, including the House of Representatives, voted overwhelmingly and repeatedly to maintain this restriction. This is a pol-icy issue, not a money issue—nowhere in the realm of the Appropriations Committee. It was resolved, as it should have been, on the defense policy bill. 
Here we stand with a 2,000-page Om-
nibus appropriations bill crafted in se-cret. Members outside of the Appro-priations Committee were not brought into the formulation of this legislation. There was no debate. Most of us are seeing this bill for the first time this morning, and buried within it is a pol-icy provision that would effectively allow unlimited purchases and use of— guess what—Russian rocket engines. 
What is going on here? ULA wants 
more Russian engines, plain and sim-ple. That is why ULA recently asked the Defense Department to waive the NDAA’s previous restriction on the basis of national security and let it use a Russian engine for the first competi-tive national security space launch. The Defense Department declined. 
So what did ULA do when it couldn’t 
get its way? It manufactured a crisis. Though the Department of Defense is restricted in using these Russian rock-et engines, there is no similar restric-tion on NASA or commercial space launches. So ULA rushed to assign the RD–180s—the rocket engines—that it had in its inventory to these non-national security launches, despite the fact that there is no restriction on the use of Russian engines for those launches. This artificial crisis has now been seized on by ULA’s Capitol Hill leading sponsors; namely, the senior Senator from Alabama, Senator S
HELBY , and the senior Senator from 
Illinois, Senator D URBIN , to overturn 
the NDAA’s restriction, and that is ex-actly what they have done—again, se-cretly, nontransparently, as part of this massive 2,000-page Omnibus appro-priations bill. 
As I said, neither Senator S
HELBY nor 
Senator D URBIN , nor any other Sen-
ator, raised objections to the provi-sions of the bill or offered any alter-native during the authorization process on the Senate floor. That is a repudi-ation of the rights of every single Sen-ator in this body who is not a Member of the Appropriations Committee. In fact, as I have said, when this 
issue was debated and voted on in the Committee on Armed Services, the au-thorizing committee of jurisdiction voted in favor of maintaining the re-striction. Instead, my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee crafted a provision in secret, with no debate, to overturn the will of the Senate as expressed in two National Defense Au-thorization Acts. The result will enable a monopolistic corporation to send po-tentially hundreds of millions of dol-lars to Vladimir Putin and his corrupt cronies and deepen America’s reliance on these thugs for our military’s access to space. 
This is outrageous and it is shameful. 
It is the height of hypocrisy, especially from my colleagues who claim to care about the plight of Ukraine and the need to punish Russia for its aggres-sion. 
How can our government tell Euro-
pean countries and governments that they need to hold the line on maintain-ing sanctions on Russia, which is far 
harder for them to do than for us, when we are getting our own policy in this way? We are gutting our own policy. How can we tell our French allies, in particular, that they should not sell Vladimir Putin amphibious assault ships, as we have, and then turn around and try to buy rocket engines from Putin’s cronies? Again, this is the height of hypocrisy. Since March of 2014, my colleagues in the Senate have tried to do everything we can to give our friends in Ukraine the tools they need to defend themselves and their country from Russian aggression. Rather than furthering that noble cause, Senator S
HELBY and Senator 
DURBIN have chosen to reward Vladimir 
Putin and his cronies with a windfall of hundreds of millions of dollars. 
A rocket factory in Alabama may 
benefit from this provision. Boeing, headquartered in Illinois, may benefit from this decision. But have no doubt, the real winners today are Vladimir Putin and his gang of thugs running the Russian military industrial com-plex. I wish that Senator S
HELBY and 
Senator D URBIN would explain to the 
American taxpayer exactly whom we are doing business with. They will not. But my colleagues need to know. 
Let me explain. At least one news or-
ganization has investigated how much the Air Force pays for these RD–180 rocket engines, how much the Russians receive, and whether members of the elite in Putin’s Russia have secretly profited by inflating the price. In an in-vestigative series entitled ‘‘Comrade Capitalism,’’ Reuters exposed the role that senior Russian politicians and Putin’s close friends, including persons sanctioned over Ukraine, have played in the company called NPO Energomash, which manufactures the RD–180. According to Reuters, a Rus-sian audit of that company found that it had been operating at a loss because funds were, ‘‘being captured by unnamed offshore intermediary compa-nies.’’ In addition, the Reuters investiga-
tion also reported that NPO Energomash sells its rocket engines to ULA through another company called RD Amross, a tiny five-person outfit that stood to collect about $93 million in cost markups under a multiyear deal to supply these engines. The Defense Contract Management Agency found that in one contract alone, RD Amross did ‘‘no or negligible’’ work but still 
collected $80 million in ‘‘unallowable excessive pass-through charges.’’ 
Now, remember my friends, that is a 
five-person outfit—five persons. The Defense Contract Management Agency found that in one contract they col-lected $80 million in unallowable, ex-cessive passthrough charges. My friends, thanks to this amendment, that is who is going to continue to re-ceive this money. 
According to University of Baltimore 
School of Law professor Charles Tiefer, who reviewed Reuters documents, ‘‘The bottom line is that the joint venture between the Russians and Americans is taking us to the cleaners.’’ He said that he had reviewed Pentagon audits critical of Iraq war contracts, but those ‘‘didn’t come anywhere near to how strongly negative’’ the RD Amross audit was. 
My colleagues, we have to do better. 
We have to do better than this. Some may say that we need to buy rocket en-gines from Putin’s cronies in Russia. In particular, they will cite a letter from the Department of Defense, in response to a list of leading questions from the Appropriations Committee just a few days ago, which they will claim as con-firmation that the Department believes the United States will not have a do-mestically manufactured replacement engine for defense space launches be-fore 2022. 
Of course, that is nonsense. When the 
Department of Defense starts making predictions beyond its 5-year budget plan, what I hear is ‘‘This isn’t a pri-ority’’ or ‘‘We don’t really know.’’ Ei-ther way, this is unacceptable. Both the authorizers and the appropriators have ramped up funding for the devel-opment of a new domestically manu-factured engine. The Pentagon needs to do what it has failed to do for 8 years: Make this a priority. 
Indeed, American companies have al-
ready said that they could have a re-placement engine ready before 2022. Our money and attention should be fo-cused on meeting this goal, not on sub-sidizing Putin’s defense industry. Pro-ponents of more Russian rocket en-gines will also cite claims by the Air Force that ULA needs at least 18 RD– 180 engines to create a bridge between now and 2022 when a domestically man-ufactured engine becomes available. This, too, is false. 
Today, we have two space launch pro-
viders—ULA and SpaceX—that, no matter what happens with the Russian RD–180, will be able to provide fully re-dundant capabilities with ULA’s Delta IV and SpaceX’s Falcon 9 and, eventu-ally, the Falcon Heavy space launch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.008 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8696 December 16, 2015 
vehicles. There will be no capability 
gap. The Atlas V is not going anywhere anytime soon. ULA has enough Atlas Vs to get them through at least 2019, if not later. As I alluded a moment ago, the Pentagon agrees that no action is required today to address a risk for as-sured access to space. 
In declining ULA’s recent request for 
a waiver from the Defense authoriza-tion bill’s restriction, the Deputy Sec-retary of Defense concluded that they ‘‘do not believe any immediate action is required to address the further risk of having only one source of space launch services.’’ Indeed, in its recent letter, the Department of Defense even confirmed that ULA has enough en-gines to compete for each of the nine upcoming competitions and that the number they will pursue is ‘‘dependent upon ULA’s business management strategy.’’ 
So I ask Senator S
HELBY and Senator 
DURBIN : What are your priorities? As 
we speak, Ukrainians are resisting Russian aggression and fighting to keep their country whole and free. Yet this Omnibus appropriations bill sends hundreds of millions of dollars to Vladimir Putin, his cronies, and Rus-sia’s military industrial base as Russia continues to occupy Crimea and to de-stabilize Ukraine and their neighbors in the region. What kind of message does that send to Ukrainians who have been fighting and dying to protect their country? How can we do this when Putin is menacing our NATO al-lies in Europe? How can we do this when Russia continues to send weapons to Iran? How can we do this when Putin continues to violate the 1987 In-termediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty? How can we do this when Putin is bombing U.S.-backed forces in Syria fighting the murderous Assad regime? 
I understand that some constituents 
of Senator S
HELBY and Senator D URBIN  
believe they would benefit from this provision, but as the New York Times editorial board stated earlier this year: 
When sanctions are necessary, the coun-
tries that impose them must be willing to pay a cost, too. After leaning on France to cancel the sale of two ships to Russia be-cause of the invasion of Ukraine, the United States can hardly insist on continuing to buy national security hardware from one of Mr. Putin’s cronies. 
I repeat; that is from the New York 
Times, an editorial dated June 5, 2015, titled ‘‘Don’t Back Down on Russian Sanctions.’’ I also refer to an article from Reuters, dated November 18, 2014, titled ‘‘In murky Pentagon deal with Russia, big profit for a tiny Florida firm.’’ 
On the record, I make this promise: If 
this language undermining the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act is not removed from the omnibus, I assure my colleagues that this issue will not go unaddressed in the fiscal year 2017 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. Up to this point, we have sought to man-age this issue on an annual basis. We have always maintained that if a gen-uine crisis emerged, we would not com-
promise our national security interests in space. We have sought to be flexible and open to new information. But if this is how our efforts are repaid, then perhaps we need to look at a complete and indefinite restriction on Putin’s rocket engine. 
I take no pleasure in saying that. I 
believe that avoiding the year-over- year conflict over this matter between our authorizing and Appropriations Committees is in our Nation’s best in-terests. Such back-and-forth only delays our shared desire to end our re-liance on Russian technology from our space launch supply chain, while in-jecting instability into our national se-curity space launch program. 
That instability threatens the reli-
able launch of our most sensitive na-tional security satellites and the sta-bility of the fragile industrial base that supports them. But I cannot allow—I cannot allow the Appropriations Com-mittee or any other Member of this body to craft a ‘‘take it or leave it’’ omnibus spending bill that allows a monopolistic corporation to do busi-ness with Russia’s oligarchs to buy overpriced rocket engines that fund Russia’s belligerence in Crimea and Ukraine, its support for Assad in Syria, and its neoimperial ambitions. 
I would like to address this issue in a 
larger context. The way the Congress is supposed to work is that authorizing committees authorize, whether it be in domestic or international or, in this case, defense programs. The responsi-bility of the authorizing committee is to make sure, in the case of defense— the training, equipping, the author-izing, the funding, the policies—that all falls under the Armed Services Committee. 
The Appropriations Committee is re-
quired in their responsibilities to de-cide the funding for these programs. It is within their authority to zero out a program if they do not think the fund-ing is called for or necessary. They can add funding if they want to for various programs. But this—this is a complete violation, a complete and total viola-tion. 
This issue was raised in the sub-
committee and addressed in the sub-committee of the Armed Services Com-mittee. It was in the full committee. It was addressed on the floor where there were hundreds of amendments that were proposed. Yet what was decided by the Armed Services Committee re-mained intact until, in the dark of the night, until 10 or 11 or 12 or whatever time it was this morning, up pops a di-rect contradiction, a direct dis-membering, a direct cancellation of a provision in the law where we are talk-ing about hundreds of millions of dol-lars that have no bearing whatsoever on the authority and responsibility of the Appropriations Committee. 
So there are two problems here: One, 
it was done in the dark of night—in the middle of the night. No one knew. Sec-ond of all, it is in direct violation of the relationship between the author-
izing committees and the Appropria-tions Committee. So I say to my col-
leagues who are not on the Appropria-tions Committee: If you let this go, then maybe you are next. Maybe it is an amendment or a program that you have supported through debate and dis-cussion and authorizing the committee and votes on amendments on the floor of the Senate. Then in the middle of the night, in December, when we are going out of session in 48 hours or so— or 72 hours—then up pops a provision that negates the entire work of the au-thorizing committee over days and weeks and months. 
I say to my colleagues: You could be 
next. You could be next. That is why this in itself—subsidizing Vladimir Putin—is outrageous enough. But if we are going to allow this kind of middle- of-the-night airdropping, fundamental changes in programs and proposals and policies that have been debated in the open, that have been voted on in the open, completely negated, then we are destroying the very fundamental struc-ture of how the Senate and the Con-gress are supposed to work. 
I ask unanimous consent that a let-
ter I sent to the chairman of the Ap-propriations Committee, dated Novem-ber 19, 2015, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, November 19, 2015. 
Hon. T HADCOCHRAN , 
Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN COCHRAN : As you finalize 
the appropriations bills for fiscal year 2016, I am concerned to hear that your Committee may be considering authorization language that would undermine sanctions on Russian rocket engines in connection with the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) program, as approved in the recently enacted Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act (NDAA) on November 10, 2015, by a vote of 91–3. That provision, which was re-viewed at length by the Armed Services Committee and subject to a fulsome amend-ment process on the Senate Floor, achieves a delicate balance that facilitates competition by allowing for nine Russian rocket engines to be used as the incumbent space launch provider transitions its launch vehicles to non-Russian propulsion systems. 
I know you share my concerns about our 
continued use of Russian rocket engines in connection with military space launch and I ask you to respect the well-informed work my Committee took in crafting our legisla-tion. Recent attempts by the incumbent con-tractor to manufacture a crisis by pre-maturely diminishing its stockpile of en-gines purchased prior to the Russian inva-sion of Crimea should be viewed with skep-ticism and scrutinized heavily. Such efforts should not be misconstrued as a compelling reason to undermine any sanctions on Russia while they occupy Crimea, destabilize Ukraine, bolster Assad in Syria, send weap-ons to Iran, and violate the 1987 Inter-mediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. 
We welcome your Committee’s views and 
look forward to working with your Com-mittee on ensuring that Department of De-fense resources are not unwisely allocated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.010 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8697 December 16, 2015 
benefit the Russian military industrial base 
or its beneficiaries. I believe avoiding the year-over-year re-litigation of this matter between our authorizing and appropriations committees is in our best interest, inasmuch as such back-and-forth only delay our shared desire to eliminate Russian technology from our space launch supply chain and injects in-stability into the EELV program—not con-ducive to its success in ensuring the reliable launch of our most sensitive national secu-rity satellites or the stability of the fragile industrial base that supports them. 
Thank you for consideration of this impor-
tant issue. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNMCCAIN, 
Chairman. 
Mr. M CCAIN. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The Senator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
AGREEMENT 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
rise today to celebrate the successful climate negotiations that were just wrapped up in Paris. 
This past Saturday, 196 countries 
came together to reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions, taking a very important step in the fight against climate change. This historic agreement is a recognition that we cannot afford to ignore the negative impacts of climate change and that we must work together globally to put the planet on a safer path forward. 
The agreement does not simply take 
countries at their word, but it requires transparent measurement and verifica-tion to ensure that they live up to their promises. Crucially, the deal re-quires countries to revisit their emis-sion reduction targets every 5 years. That way countries can factor in new technologies and new policies in order to keep global warming under 2 degrees Celsius. 
This truly historic deal has been 
nearly 25 years in the making. Inter-national climate efforts date back to 1992, when governments around the world met in Rio de Janeiro with the objective of stabilizing greenhouse gas concentrations. Nations have met every year since to further the goal. While some meetings have been more successful than others, most have been met with disappointment and lack of action. After all, climate change is a complex issue, and bringing about a consensus action for any international issue is no small feat. That is why this agreement is truly, truly impressive. 
Two weeks ago I traveled to Paris 
with nine of my colleagues. We met with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki- moon, with U.S. Energy Secretary Er-nest Moniz, and with our top U.S. cli-mate change negotiator, Todd Stern. I congratulate all of them for their fine work. Part of the purpose of our trip was to 
demonstrate to the world that there is a strong coalition in the U.S. Congress that supports the President’s efforts on climate change, a message we conveyed to other nations, including Bangladesh. It is a country that has contributed lit-tle to industrial air pollution, but it is one of the most vulnerable to the nega-tive impacts of climate change. It is es-timated that unless we act, rising sea level will inundate some 17 percent of Bangladesh, displacing about 18 million people in this low-lying nation. They will be uprooted and turned into cli-mate refugees without a home. 
But, of course, climate change isn’t 
something that will just impact Ban-gladesh and other low-lying nations. It is already impacting us right here at home. 
While we cannot attribute any single 
extreme weather event to climate change, we do know that climate change impacts the frequency, dura-tion, and severity of extreme weather events. Just look at the damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The storm surges caused by Sandy along the east-ern seaboard were far more damaging because of climate-induced sea level rise. May I remind you that the dam-age caused by Sandy cost taxpayers $60 billion. 
We are also seeing climate impacts 
to our forests. When Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell testified before the Senate energy committee a few years ago, he told us that throughout the country we are seeing far longer fire seasons and that wildfires are also larger and more intense. I asked Chief Tidwell whether scientists at the For-est Service have concluded that cli-mate change has been exacerbating the intensity, the size, and duration of wildfires in the wildfire season. With-out hesitation, he said yes. As a result, the Forest Service is spending more and more of their budget fighting fires—now more than half of their en-tire budget. 
We are seeing more intense droughts. 
Unless we act, these droughts will have a major impact on food security around the world. That is why I recently penned an op-ed in the Minneapolis StarTribune with Dave MacLennan, the CEO of Cargill, the Nation’s largest privately held corporation. 
As the CEO of a company focused on 
agriculture, Dave is concerned about what climate change is going to do to our food supply in a world that is ex-pected to go from 7 billion to 9.5 billion inhabitants by midcentury. That is why Cargill called for a strong outcome at the global climate negotiations. 
So you can see that Cargill has a 
strong business case to make on why we have to deal with climate change. But, of course, that business case isn’t just confined to the agriculture sector. Addressing climate change presents a tremendous opportunity to transform the energy sector. 
For the very first time just this last 
week, Beijing issued its most severe warning to alert citizens of intense 
smog and local air pollution levels. Of-ficials ordered half of the city’s private vehicles to stay off the road, halted all operation at outdoor construction sites, and advised schools to tempo-rarily close their doors. Citizens were encouraged to limit outdoor activities and recommended to wear a mask when outside. 
China is choking on its own fumes 
from fossil fuels. As China and others recognize that they have to race to-ward clean energy, I want to make sure that our nation leads that race. I want to make sure that our startups are in-novating tomorrow’s solutions, that our companies are the ones that are de-veloping and deploying clean energy technologies here and around the world. Again, I want to reiterate that. Addressing climate change head on would not only mitigate unprecedented damage to our economy but spur growth and innovation in a world that is hungry for advancements in clean 
energy. 
My State of Minnesota recognized 
this opportunity in 2007 when it estab-lished a renewable energy standard and an energy efficiency standard. These kinds of policies send a strong signal to the private sector to develop and de-ploy clean energy solutions, and major investors are catching on to the oppor-tunities. Just this month, Bill Gates launched the Breakthrough Energy Co-alition to develop transformative en-ergy solutions. The Coalition of nearly 30 billionaires from 10 different coun-tries will invest in early stage energy companies to help them bridge the gap between government-funded lab re-search and the marketplace. According to Gates, the ‘‘primary goal with the Coalition is as much to accelerate progress on clean energy as it is to make a profit.’’ To back up this state-ment, Gates alone plans to invest $1 billion in clean energy in the next 5 years. 
So you can see that the very serious 
threat of climate change presents a ‘‘Sputnik moment’’ for our Nation, an opportunity to rise to the challenge and defeat that threat. In response to Sputnik, we ended up not just winning the space race and sending a man to the Moon, but we did all sorts of great things for the American economy and for our society. We did it once, and we can do it again. By rising to the chal-lenge of climate change, we will not just clean up our air but also drive in-novation and create jobs—and not only in the clean energy sector—just as the space program created economic growth in so many economic sectors. 
The Obama administration deserves a 
lot of credit for its leadership on cli-mate change. Our domestic commit-ment through the Clean Power Plan, which builds on the work of my State and others, has established a Federal plan for reducing emissions. This im-portant policy has provided American innovators and businesses the con-fidence to take on new risks and to drive new technologies forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.001 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8698 December 16, 2015 
After dragging our feet for so many 
years, I am proud that the United States is acting domestically and lead-ing internationally. 
But our job is not done. The agree-
ment in Paris puts the planet on a safer trajectory than the one we have been on, but we have to remain vigi-lant and build upon that success. Inter-nationally, we have to hold other na-tions accountable, ensure that they commit to stronger emission reduction targets over time, and make sure that those reductions are transparent and verifiable. Domestically, we have to build on the success of our cities and our States, and we have to work to make sure that the Clean Power Plan and other emissions reduction policies are effective. As a member of the Sen-ate energy committee, I intend to do just that. 
Two years ago, my first grandchild 
was born, and I am expecting my sec-ond grandchild in January. God will-ing, they will live through this century and into the next. I want them to know that when we had the opportunity to put Earth on a safer path, we seized the moment. 
So let’s celebrate this agreement be-
cause it is an important milestone, and then let’s build on it to make the plan-et a safer and more habitable place for our grandchildren and their children. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I am 
here today to talk a little about the bill we saw posted late last night—a bill that I think has better results than the process itself would have suggested we might have. 
There is no question that we have to 
get back to the process of bringing these bills to the floor. Bring them to the floor one at a time and let every-body challenge every penny of spend-ing, to spend it in a different way or don’t spend it at all. I am disappointed, as every citizen in the country should be, that we didn’t do it that way. I hope we have the opportunity next year to get back to where these bills are dealt with one at a time. 
The other area I am disappointed in 
is the inability to use this bill to have the kinds of policy victories I would like to see. The rule on the waters of the United States—the courts consist-ently appear to be saying the EPA ab-solutely doesn’t have the authority to do what they are trying to do. In my State, the fourth most dependent State on coal-powered utilities, the rule on electricity will double our utility bill sometime between now and 2030, and 
for some Missourians, their utility bill will more than double. There is the rule that makes it difficult for finan-cial advisers to give advice to small in-vestors and people with small savings, small retirement accounts. If this fi-nancial adviser’s rule—the so-called fi-duciary rule—is allowed to go into ef-
fect, it will have dramatic impact. The joint employer rule upends the fran-chise model of doing business—a model of doing business which is around the world now but is uniquely American in its capacity to bring people into the middle class and allow them to rise into the middle class. 
So I am disappointed about all of 
those things. But when we look at the bill as a spending bill, when we look at the bill as a bill that is supposed to do what this bill does, which is to decide how to spend the country’s money, there is a significant reprioritization here. 
One of the things I have seen even 
more in recent years than I think used to be the case is that when so many of our friends in the House and the Sen-ate—and maybe even more so in the Senate—talk about how important it is to fund our priorities, what they are really staying is that it is important to fund anything any of us are for. That is not the way to set priorities. The way to set priorities is to decide what is im-portant for the government to do, de-cide what the government can do bet-ter than people can do for themselves or maybe couldn’t possibly do for themselves, and then set those prior-ities. In that case, I think this bill makes significant steps in the right di-rection, with dramatic changes in areas that had been a problem for sev-eral years now, at least the last 5 or 6 years, and in the case I want to talk about first, the last dozen years, but nobody has been able to do anything about it. Nobody has ever said those aren’t our priorities; they just said: Well, we have all of these priorities— which meant every line in the appro-priations bill, the best I can tell. 
Let’s talk about the Labor-HHS bill. 
It is about 32 percent of all the money after defense. If I have any time, I might talk about the Defense bill be-cause it does great things for veterans, great things for cyber security, great things that support those who serve, and one of those things is encouraging our allies on the frontlines in the War on Terror. 
In Labor and Education and particu-
larly in Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health, where so much of our health care re-search is generated—a little of it is done in every State. Some States have great institutions. Certainly Missouri does—the University of Missouri, Co-lumbia, Washington University, Chil-dren’s Hospital. Hospitals all over our State have unique opportunities to do research. Health care research is some-thing that, frankly, just isn’t going to happen the way it should happen unless the government steps forward and says: 
We are going to be a leader here. 
From about 1996 until 2003, the Fed-
eral Government doubled NIH re-search—in less than a decade, doubled NIH research. Since 2003, there has been no increase. There has been no in-crease in over a decade. As that money didn’t increase, the buying power of the money decreased. We can certainly argue there is somewhere in the neigh-borhood of 20 to 25 percent less buying power, so really in terms of what they are getting for research, there is less buying power by about 20 percent to 25 percent. Young researchers are frus-trated at never getting that first grant, never getting the truly experimental grant to see if something will work 
that nobody may have thought of be-fore. 
This bill increases NIH research by 
almost 7 percent. It takes that $30 bil-lion Federal commitment to research and makes it a $32 billion commitment. It begins the process of catching up. Why do we need to do that? What are the reasons we need to do that besides the fact that the government has done research of all kinds for a long time, from ag research, which I support, to health research, which I support? I can think right offhand of about three crit-ical reasons we should be concerned about health research. 
One is the individual impact that the 
failure to do this has had. As people live longer, more and more people die from Alzheimer’s and its complications or cancer and its complications. Fewer people die from a heart attack because we have done great things there and can still do more through treatment and prevention to make heart attacks even less likely. But as people survive heart attack and stroke, they are more likely to die from Alzheimer’s or can-cer. This creates great stress for fami-lies, particularly Alzheimer’s, which can create years and maybe decades of stress for families. So to try to prevent or postpone that, to work with fami-lies—I would say that is priority rea-son No. 1. 
To save money for taxpayers would 
be priority reason No. 2. The projection is that by 2050, through Medicare, the Federal Government will be spending $1 trillion a year on Alzheimer’s and Alzheimer’s-related health care. That is about as big as this discretionary budget. I think this budget is about $1.15 trillion. So take all the money we are spending today on discretionary spending, and suddenly, in just a few decades, that is the same amount of money we will be spending because of Alzheimer’s. So that is a good second reason. 
A third reason is that health care is 
about to revolutionize everything from smart phone technology to the indi-vidual health care that is possible now that we know what we know about the human genome, the things we know about that make me as an individual different from everybody else and ev-erybody else who is hearing this dif-ferent from everybody else. What kind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.013 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8699 December 16, 2015 
of unique cure can we find? What kind 
of designer medicine cure can we find to solve a problem for you, and then how do we make that scalable so that, with minor variations, we can make the same thing possible and affordable for other people as well? And where that research is done—the smart phone technology applications, the focus on the brain, the focus on designer medi-cines—where that is done is likely to be where many of those jobs turn out to be. So certainly health care is and will continue to be a big economic driver. The multiplication of economic impact in a positive way with what we invest in health care is pretty dra-matic. So that is a big increase. 
Fighting opioid abuse—this is where 
people take prescription medicines. The Presiding Officer is a veteran, hav-ing just retired from her long military service. Many of those who serve are the most likely to have this problem because of injuries they sustained, ac-cidents they were part of, attacks they were a victim of which create pain. So they take heavy amounts of appro-priate things to ease that pain but then get addicted to it. This is an area peo-ple weren’t talking about at all long ago, but deaths from prescription opioids have quadrupled since 1999—ac-tually, more than that because they quadrupled between 1999 and 2013. 
Overdose of prescription drugs costs 
the economy an estimated $20 billion in work loss and health care costs every single year. The lives of families are impacted when a successful person, a responsible person, or someone who has not achieved either of those things yet but is a loved part of your family, be-comes a victim of opioid abuse. We have a commitment in this budget to $91 million. It is not the biggest line item in the budget, but it is almost three times what we have been spend-ing. 
Many of our Members have been real 
leaders in talking about this. Senator A
YOTTE from New Hampshire, Senator 
PORTMAN from Ohio, and Senator S HA-
HEEN from New Hampshire are all very 
focused on this problem. 
The Individuals with Disabilities 
Education Act benefits here as we move toward hopefully less Federal control on education but more ability to help local schools deal with people who have individual challenges. 
Rural health is a big issue in my 
State and a big issue in the Presiding Officer’s State. It is handled here in a different way. 
Job training is an important thing 
we do. 
But what do we not do here? This is 
my final addition to this: What are we not doing? We would have liked to have not funded over 40 programs, which was the bill that the Appropriations Com-mittee sent to the floor months ago that was never debated. That would have been the chance to debate all 40 of those programs. I think there were 43 programs that cost about $2.5 billion. Debate all 43 of those programs and de-cide if the committee is right or not— 
we can’t do that if we don’t get it here on the floor. But we still eliminate 18 programs. Those programs currently were more than a quarter of a billion dollars of spending. 
The President asked for 23 new pro-
grams that were $1.16 billion of spend-ing that were not done in this bill. 
The Independent Payment Advisory 
Board under ObamaCare, where there would be a board rather than you and your doctor who decided what your health care is going to look like—that is not funded, so that won’t occur. And there won’t be a big transfer from other accounts with some other label to insurance companies, because all of the expectations from ObamaCare have turned out not to produce the kinds of results its supporters thought it would. 
Hopefully we have made a big dif-
ference in how we prioritize the spend-ing of the people’s money, of the tax-payers’ money, and hopefully we have also made a renewed commitment to do this the right way. We have done it this way since, frankly, the control of the Senate changed half a dozen years ago. The new majority was totally committed to getting these bills to the floor. They were all ready—all 12 bills—for first time in 6 years, most of them ready about the end of May, the first of June, but with only a couple of exceptions were they allowed to come to the floor, and that was at the very last minute when it was too late for this process to work the way it should. 
Let’s hope for more transparency, 
more debate, and more challenges. I am chair of this one committee I have been talking about today, but certainly there have to be other ideas that other Members who aren’t on this sub-committee have, who aren’t on the Ap-propriations Committee have. They do their best to get those ideas in by talk-ing, in this late process and during the year, about what should happen. 
Let’s do our best to make this hap-
pen the way the Constitution envisions and the way people have every right to expect. I hope for a better process but realize that this process does signifi-cantly change the priorities the Fed-eral Government has been stuck with for the last 6 years and heads in a new direction. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMPETITIVE SPACE LAUNCH 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the sen-
ior Senator from Arizona came to the floor this morning and raised a ques-tion about a provision in the Omnibus appropriations bill, particularly the as-pect of it that related to the Depart-ment of Defense. During the course of 
raising the issue, the senior Senator from Arizona used my name on the floor repeatedly. It was refreshing and I am relieved. The senior Senator from Arizona has not attacked me on the floor for 3 weeks, and I was fearful he was feeling under the weather, but clearly he is in fine form and feels good, and I welcome him back to the floor for another attack on me person-ally. 
Let’s talk about the issue he raised 
because it is complicated but ex-tremely important when it comes to the defense of the United States. Here is what it boils down to: In the early 2000s, there were two companies mak-ing rockets that launched satellites. 
The two companies were Boeing and Lockheed, and they competed with one another, but in the early 2000s—and I don’t understand why—they made an argument to the Department of De-fense that the Nation would be better off if they merged the two companies into one company and then provided the rockets to launch satellites to de-fend the United States and collect in-formation. They argued that if they worked together, it would cost less, and they merged. With the approval of the Department of Defense, they con-tinued to bid on satellite launches. 
What happened was a good thing and 
a thing that was not so good. What was good was that their product was very reliable. They launched satellites with great reliability, and that is of course what America and its national defense requires. The bad part is that the costs went through the roof. The costs went up about 65 percent over this period of time since they created United Launch Alliance, costing the Federal taxpayers about $3 billion more for launches than it did in the past. They argued that they would eliminate competition and provide reliability, and they did, but the costs went up dramatically. 
A new player arrived on the scene— 
SpaceX. SpaceX is associated with Elon Musk, a name that is well known in America. They decided to get into the business. They were going to build rockets and launch satellites too. Nat-urally, the United States of America said: Be my guest but prove you can do it in a way that we can count on you, because when we need a satellite launched to collect information, we want to make sure it is successful. 
Over the years, SpaceX improved, 
evolved, and developed the capacity to launch satellites to the point where NASA, for example—the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration— used SpaceX rockets successfully. It reached a point where the Department of Defense said to SpaceX: You are ca-pable and will be certified to now com-pete for Department of Defense busi-ness. It is to the credit of SpaceX that they reached that point. 
I thought this was an exciting devel-
opment because, once again, we were going to have competition between the United Launch Alliance, the old Boe-ing-Lockheed merger, and SpaceX, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.015 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8700 December 16, 2015 
new company. The owner of SpaceX 
said to me as well as publicly: We can do this for a fraction of the cost to American taxpayers. What I did was in-vite the CEOs of both companies to come to my subcommittee—when I then chaired the Defense Appropria-tions Subcommittee—in March of 2014. No one had quite seen a hearing like this before. We put the CEOs of both companies at the table at the same time, and we asked them questions about their operations, reliability, costs, and projections for the future. 
At the end of this hearing, I said to 
the CEOs of each of these companies: I want to do something that is a little unusual. I want to offer each of you the opportunity, if you wish, to submit 10 questions to the other CEO that you think should have been asked and per-haps we didn’t—and so they did. It was a complete record and a good one. For the first time, it really showed me that we were moving to a new stage in rock-et science and capacity that could serve the United States by keeping us safe and keeping the costs down, and that of course should be our goal. 
Then there was a complication. 
Vladimir Putin of Russia decided to take aggressive action by invading Georgia and Ukraine, and other actions by him that we considered confrontational tended to freeze up the relationship between the United States and Russia. Why is that important? It is important because the engine being used by United Launch Alliance to launch America’s defense satellites was an engine built in Russia. 
People started saying: Why in the 
world are we giving Russia and Vladi-mir Putin the opportunity to sell rock-et engines to the United States? Sec-ondly, why would we want to be de-pendent on Russia for rocket engines? So the debate started moving forward. How do we exclude the Russians from building engines and still have com-petition between these two companies? That is what brings me here today. 
We were trying to find the right com-
bination to bring competition and reli-ability without engaging the Russians. Everyone in Congress knows we have authorizing committees and appropria-tions committees. The senior Senator from Arizona is the chair of the defense authorizing committee, the Armed Services Committee, and I have been chair and am now the vice chair of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. 
The senior Senator from Arizona 
started including provisions in the au-thorizing bill which said that ULA, United Launch Alliance, could not use Russian engines to launch satellites and compete for business using those engines in the United States. As a re-sult, the Air Force came to see me. First, I might add, a letter was sent when this provision was added to the Defense authorization bill. The letter was sent in May of this year, signed by Ash Carter, the Secretary of Defense, and James Clapper, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, suggesting that ex-cluding Russian engines so quickly 
could cause a problem in terms of the availability of missiles to launch sat-ellites as we need them. The limitation that was put in by the defense author-ization committee as to the number of engines that could be used would be quickly depleted, and the Air Force, the Department of Defense, and our in-telligence agency said that may leave us vulnerable, so they asked the Sen-ator from Arizona to reconsider that provision. He did not. If anything, the language that came out of conference on this provision made it even more difficult for the United Launch Alli-ance to consider using a different type of engine. I might add, they don’t have an alternative engine to the Russian engine. United Launch Alliance uses it now. We told them to develop an Amer-ican engine, and I stand behind that. They told us it will take anywhere from 5 to 7 years for that to happen. 
I understand this is a complex assign-
ment, and we want them to get it right. It seems like a long time, but it points to the dilemma we face. If United Launch Alliance cannot bid for work with the Department of Defense using a Russian engine, they don’t have an alternative engine to bid with. At that point, SpaceX becomes the sole bidder and the monopoly source for en-gines. We tried to move from ULA as a monopoly source or sole bidder to com-petition, and now by injecting this pro-hibition against Russian engines be-yond a certain number, we are again getting back to the days of a sole bid-der. 
What we have allowed in this Omni-
bus appropriations bill is language which gives 1 year of flexibility to the Department of Defense when it comes to bidding for these satellite launches, and of course it means United Launch Alliance will be using Russian engines for that bidding. 
The Senator from Arizona came to 
the floor and spent most of his time talking about the aggression of Russia and Vladimir Putin and how we need to be strong with our response. Back in the day, when our relationship was more constructive, the Senator from Arizona and I actually traveled to Ukraine. I agree with him about the aggression of Russia and Mr. Putin and why the United States needs to be strong in response, but we have to be careful that we don’t cut off our nose to spite our face. If we reach a point where we don’t allow ULA to use a Russian engine to compete, we could endanger and jeopardize the opportuni-ties the United States needs to keep us safe, and that is exactly what the Sec-retary of Defense and Mr. Clapper said in writing to Senator M
CCAIN. 
My message is that there is nothing, 
incidentally, in this omnibus bill that was not discussed in the original bill as marked up. There is no airdrop of lan-guage. It is a slightly different version 
of the language but says the same thing—that we think there should be some flexibility as ULA moves to de-velop their new engine. The Department of Defense has con-
vinced me that it would be short-sighted of us to make it impossible for ULA to even bid on future satellite launches. God forbid something hap-pens to SpaceX where they can’t launch satellites. At that point then, we would be in a terrible situation. We wouldn’t be able to keep our country 
safe when we should. None of us wants that to happen. 
The provision in the omnibus bill 
gives 1 year for the Department of De-fense and the Air Force to continue to work with ULA to have a launch and have competitive bidding. If SpaceX performs as promised and comes in with a lower bid for those launches, they deserve to win, and they will. In the meantime, we want to make sure we have the availability of sourcing be-yond just one company—beyond SpaceX. 
I am impressed with all of these com-
panies. The Senator from Arizona raised the point that Boeing has its headquarters in my home State, and I am very proud of that. I have worked with them in the past. I think it is an excellent company and does great work. My initial premise in starting this conversation in the Appropriations subcommittee was that we should have competition, and Boeing should face competition. The insertion of the Rus-sian engine issue has made this more complex, and it will take us some time to reach what should be our ultimate goal: quality and reliable engines in these rockets to launch satellites to keep America safe and the certainty that if one company fails to be able to meet our defense needs, there is an al-ternative supplier. That, to me, is the best outcome possible. 
This section 8045 of the Department 
of Defense appropriations is critical to our national security and launching satellites into space. We have to assure the Department of Defense and our in-telligence agencies that we can put critical satellites into orbit when we need it. We have to make certain that the costs of these launches is competi-tive so taxpayers end up getting the best outcome for the dollars they put into our national defense. We have to generate competition to drive down costs, and we have to bring to an end our reliance on Russian-manufactured rocket engines. I wish that were not the case. I wish our relationship with Russia was positive in every aspect, but it is not, and I join with virtually all of my colleagues in believing that the sooner we move away from Rus-sian-made engines to American-made engines in competition, the better for us and the better for our Nation. 
There is no doubt that our Omnibus 
appropriations bill recognizes the need to end our reliance on Russian engines, and we actually put our money where our mouth is. We added $143.6 million on top of the $84.4 million requested by the President to accelerate the devel-opment of a new rocket engine. This amount is $43.6 million more than the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.017 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8701 December 16, 2015 
$100 million authorized by the defense 
authorization committee, so we are making certain we are going to end this reliance on Russian engines. The question is how we manage the space launch through the several years of launches before we have that engine. We need to do it without jeopardizing our national security. 
The general provision I referred to al-
lows for space launch competition in 2016 without regard to the source of an engine. It will permit real competition on four missions in 2016, and it will avoid trading one monopoly for an-other. I think I have explained how we have reached this point. 
I think there is good faith on both 
sides. I don’t question the motives of the senior Senator from Arizona. I hope he doesn’t question mine. What we need to make certain of is that we move toward a day when America is safe and that the money spent by tax-payers is well spent. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NASA’S BUDGET 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we are 
going back into space with Americans on American rockets, and we are going to Mars. We are on the cusp of the next big breakthrough in space exploration. 
It is interesting that this is at the 
very time that in our culture here on Earth, the movie that is harkening back—‘‘Star Wars’’—is coming out again, and it is going to be such a blockbuster at the box office. What is fictional in ‘‘Star Trek’’ and ‘‘Star Wars’’ is now becoming factual. 
In large part, it is what has been 
done in the Nation’s space program since the shutdown of the space shuttle back in 2011 and in the preparation of the new vehicles—the new rockets, the new spacecraft, the new satellites, the new exploratory missions that have gone on. 
Who among us, merely three decades 
ago, would have thought the Hubble Space Telescope would look back into the far reaches of the universe—close to the beginning of that universe—and start to unlock secrets through this telescope that is orbiting the Earth that was put up by humans in the U.S. space shuttle? Who among us would be-lieve that we now are going to launch a telescope in 2018 that will look back in time to the very beginning of the source of light in the universe—the big bang—and understand this universe all the more and how it evolved in this magnificent creation that we earth-lings observe of the heavens? Who among us, over four decades ago when we landed on the Moon, were not impa-
tient to escape the bounds of Earth’s gravity once again to get out and ex-plore the heavens? 
That is now becoming a reality. It is 
becoming a reality in large part be-cause of the budget that will be pre-sented to the Congress, which we will pass—an appropriation that just in this present fiscal year that we find our-selves in right now will increase NASA’s budget $1.3 billion over what NASA was appropriated last year. Get-ting Americans and American rockets back into space, since we haven’t had Americans on American rockets since we shut down the space shuttle, had to be done. That was an essentially ex-traordinary creative flying machine, but its design had inherent flaws that were risky for human beings. Indeed, in over 135 flights of the space shuttle, we lost two crews—14 souls—because of its design. There was a malfunction where there was no escaping for the crew. But now we have new rockets that will have the crew in a capsule on the top of the rocket so that if there is an explo-sion on the pad, an explosion in ascent all the way into orbit, we can still save the crew because we can separate them by the escape rockets from the main vehicle and save the crew, ultimately having them land or by parachute— powered landing or a parachute land-ing. 
These rockets are almost ready to 
fly. Indeed, some of them have been flying for quite a while. Two compa-nies, SpaceX and Boeing, will have the spacecraft. SpaceX, its capsule and spacecraft called Dragon, is sitting on top of a rocket that has flown many times called the Falcon 9. Boeing, with a spacecraft called the Starliner, will sit upon the very proven Atlas V. Which one will fly first? We do not know. But the fact is that is only 2 years away—2017. They will fly with the first crews to and from the space station so that we no longer have to rely upon a very reliable partner that indeed helped us build the Inter-national Space Station to which we go and return not only with crew but with cargo as well. We won’t have to rely on the Soyuz anymore. We will be flying on American rockets. That is going to happen in a short 2 years. 
The assurance of that is this. It is the 
Omnibus appropriations bill that is coming forth that has appropriated the amount NASA needs to keep this com-petition between SpaceX and Boeing going for developing, hopefully, two spacecraft that will be launching Americans on American rockets to and from our International Space Station. 
By the way, we have six human 
beings on the space station. It is an international crew. They are doing all kinds of experiments. At another time and another day, I can tell my col-leagues about some of those exciting things. 
We are going to Mars. We are going 
to Mars because we are developing a spacecraft called Orion that we have al-ready test-flown out to 3,600 miles to 
check its structural integrity on a bal-listic reentry. That was done a year ago. Now we are building the largest, most powerful rocket ever on Earth, called the Space Launch System, or SLS. Orion and SLS have also been 
given a boost in this appropriations bill. So we are well on our way for the first test of this full-up rocket with capsule in September of 2018. That is 
less than 3 years away, with the first crewed vehicle after the first test in 2021. 
That is the forerunner to building 
the spacecraft and the technologies that can take human beings and keep them alive all the way from Earth to Mars, land on Mars, stay on Mars for a while, and return safely to the Earth. ‘‘Star Wars,’’ ‘‘Star Trek,’’ is fiction. It is exciting, but it’s fiction. This is space fact. It is happening in front of our eyes. 
Now, there are other things that are 
happening with this appropriations bill. We think, in this solar system, if there is a chance for life besides Mars, or life that was there and we want to know what happened—there is a moon around Jupiter called Europa. Europa is so cold that it has an exterior that is ice. But the gravitational pull of Jupi-ter, as Europa goes around and around Jupiter, is such that it causes the fric-tion from an inner core that already has heat and heats up from the inside. So under this crust of ice on Europa is water. In our experience as earthlings, wherever we have found water, we have found life. So is not Europa one of the best chances of there being life as we understand it in those oceans? It is a smaller body than Earth—Europa—and yet has oceans that are twice the vol-ume of the oceans on planet Earth. That is a real possibility. 
So in this appropriations bill, there 
is $1.6 billion to proceed on a plan for taking us to Europa to see if there is other life in our solar system. 
There is also something that is very 
important to us earthlings, and that is that we need to know what is hap-pening to the planet and we need to be able to predict and we need to be able to foretell, because if a big storm is coming here, we want precise measure-ments to let us, bound on the face of terra firma, know what is that storm that is coming and what are the weath-er conditions. That accuracy is so im-portant for us in our daily lives here on Earth, not even to speak of our na-tional security. 
You could go through the rest of the 
NASA budget and you can see that it indeed sets us on a course for extraor-dinary space exploration as well as taking care of the aeronautical re-search, which is the other ‘‘A’’ in NASA—aeronautics. That has a plus-up from the President’s request—aero-nautics—giving all the research on the technology to make sure that our avia-tion industry is at the absolute cutting edge. 
We are going to Mars, and we are be-
ginning this journey as we did with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.018 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8702 December 16, 2015 
test of the spacecraft a year ago. That 
journey is going to accelerate, and in the lifetimes of many of those within the sound of my voice, they will wit-ness a human crew of Americans and possibly an international crew that will go all the way to the planet Mars and return. Indeed what was science fiction based on science facts—the Matt Damon movie ‘‘The Martian’’— really is right within our grasp. It is an exciting time as we bring our space ex-ploration back to life so that the American people can see that there is a viable space program and that we have a goal and that goal is the planet Mars. 
f 
COAST GUARD LEGISLATION 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want 
to take advantage of this opportunity to also share with the Senate that we have a very important Coast Guard bill on which we are going to try to get unanimous consent so that we can send it on to the House. There are parts that have been controversial and those parts generally have been worked out. There are one or two others. 
This Senator thinks the American 
people—unless they get in trouble out on the high seas—don’t really have an understanding of what a professional military organization the U.S. Coast Guard is. We have the Coast Guard par-ticipating with our Defense Depart-ment over in the war zones—the area of responsibility over in Central Com-mand. We have the Coast Guard basi-cally doing the job for the U.S. Navy in the waters off of Alaska. We have a Coast Guard that is patrolling the waters off of the continental United States, as well as the island State of Hawaii. The Coast Guard is always there when Americans get in trouble, and indeed when mariners who are not Americans get into trouble. The Coast Guard is an incredible professional or-ganization that is doing the job. 
Down in the waters off of my State of 
Florida, the Coast Guard does this in-credible job working with the U.S. Navy on the interdiction of drugs. When the drug smugglers have to be interdicted, the Navy, if they are tracking them, hands that over to the Coast Guard because the Coast Guard, in fact, has the law enforcement capa-bility to go in and take down the smug-glers. 
The Coast Guard can shoot the mo-
tors out of these go-fast boats to inter-dict smugglers—even going after sub-merged vehicles—to stop them. The Coast Guard does that from not only their boats but also from the air. The Coast Guard stands tall. We in the Con-gress now need to stand tall for the Coast Guard. 
Earlier this month the majority lead-
er offered a unanimous consent to dis-charge from the Senate commerce committee and pass the Coast Guard Authorization Act, giving the Coast Guard the resources it needs to carry out its mission. It cannot be over-stated. It is a small, very agile service of 
42,000 Active-Duty members. It plays a vital role in protecting the Nation from narcoterrorism, human smug-gling, environmental disasters, and from the loss of life and property at sea. 
So what is in this bill? It is the result 
of several months of negotiations be-tween the House and the Senate. The chairman of our Senate commerce committee, J
OHNTHUNE , and I, as the 
ranking member of the commerce com-mittee, have worked with our col-leagues to craft a bill that will author-ize a total of $9.1 billion in each of the fiscal years 2016 and 2017. It is a $380 million per year increase over the amount authorized last year, and it en-
hances the Coast Guard and its capa-bility to do a number of the things that I have listed, which include cracking down on the drug trade and the de-struction of evidence, including the de-struction of illegal drugs. It enhances the Coast Guard capabilities to stop the smuggling of drug money across our maritime borders. The Coast Guard’s Western Hemisphere strategy is to combat the criminal networks, se-cure the borders, and safeguard Amer-ican commerce. So to meet all that, this legislation’s increased funding is going to support the Coast Guard’s on-going fleet recapitalization program, including the design and construction of a new offshore patrol cutter and con-tinued production of a fast response cutter. 
I have ridden in these fast response 
cutters. I have ridden in the go-fast boats as they simulated a drug smug-gler that was trying to avoid us. This boat can do the hairpin turns and the sudden 180-degree turns at top speed, and that is how these guys can’t get away. If for some reason they were not able to interdict them at sea, we have them from the air. 
I have watched the Coast Guard 
sharpshooters blow out the motors on a go-fast drug smuggling boat. But we have to recapitalize a lot of these old boats. The average age of a Coast Guard high endurance cutter is 45 years old. The average age of the Coast Guard’s 210-foot medium endurance cutter is 48 years old. These are two of the primary ships that are used for interdiction and rescue worldwide. So new offshore patrol cutters, fast re-sponse cutters, will give our Coast Guard an effective coastal and offshore interdiction capability in order to meet its objectives. 
You think of the Coast Guard off the 
coast. They are in Washington. I am not talking about the ones onshore. They are out there protecting national security assets in and around the Poto-mac and the Anacostia Rivers. 
In addition to this recapitalization, 
the bill allows the Coast Guard to begin updating its fleet of polar ice-breakers, allowing the service to pay an estimated $1 billion needed for the acquisition of a new state-of-the-art heavy polar icebreaker. Why do we need that? Have you noticed recently what the 
Chinese have been doing in the Arctic? Especially, have you noticed what the Russians are doing in the Arctic? Have you noticed that the Russians have 19 icebreakers and we have just a few? Have you noticed that China is funding and building icebreakers for the Arc-tic? 
Part of our icebreakers, the Polar 
Star and the Healy were built in the 1970s and 1990s. The Polar Star is now well beyond its intended 30-year service life. It is vital that we enable the Coast Guard to begin bringing these new ves-sels online to support the Coast Guard’s Arctic strategy and coopera-tive maritime strategy and to meet the President’s stated intent for increased American presence and capabilities in the Arctic. 
I went with the Coast Guard to Alas-
ka. As I said a moment ago, the Navy has really ceded the Alaskan waters to the Coast Guard to protect maritime shipping—a huge fishing fleet up there. But also on the North Slope of Alaska, which is the beginning of those Arctic waters, there is a lot of activity up there—not only fishing but exploring for oil. At times of the year when it is totally incapable of a seaworthy vessel to crack the ice, you have to have an 
icebreaker to do it. The Russians have 19. They are getting very aggressive in the Arctic. Just ask the Prime Min-ister of Norway, with all of his teams, how concerned they are with what the former Soviets are doing up in the Arc-tic. Thus, this bill enhances and speeds up our capability of getting another icebreaker—a modernized icebreaker. 
So this legislation is also going to 
provide the Coast Guard parity with our Department of Defense sister serv-ices with respect to personnel policies such as parental leave and eligibility for combat-related special compensa-tion. If they are out there on the frontlines, they should have parity with our sister men and women in uni-form. 
This legislation will ensure that the 
Coast Guard is properly equipped to protect our national and homeland se-curity interests in our ports, on our coastal and inland waters, such as Washington, and on the high seas around the world. 
This Senator believes that we will be 
able to do this by unanimous consent, if we work through a few more things. So I urge our colleagues in the Senate: Let’s get this up and get it passed be-fore the Christmas recess so the House will have it the first part of next year so we can get on about the process of getting this bill authorized, completed, and sent down to the President for sig-nature into law. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.021 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8703 December 16, 2015 
ERIC WILLIAMS CORRECTIONAL 
OFFICER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I am 
going make a unanimous consent re-quest, but first I want to say a few words about the legislation about which the request pertains. I want to thank my colleague Senator B
OBCASEY  
for joining me on this. 
It was back in 2014 that Senator 
CASEY and I introduced the Eric Wil-
liams Correctional Officer Protection Act. It is a bipartisan bill, and it is a simple idea. The idea is to better en-able these men and women who protect us every day by working as corrections officers—to better enable them to pro-tect themselves in the very dangerous environments in which they go to work every day. 
Amazingly enough, under the Bureau 
of Prisons policy, prison guards are often placed on duty, guarding large numbers of inmates by themselves, un-armed, and with no meaningful way to defend themselves. Officer Eric Wil-liams of Wayne County, PA, paid the price for this policy. In February of 2013, Eric Williams was working alone in a housing unit of a Federal prison, a unit of 125 inmates. Carrying only a radio, handcuffs, and a set of keys, he had no means of self-defense and no one with him to provide back-up. A gang member serving a life sentence for first-degree murder savagely attacked and killed Officer Williams. The in-mate used a homemade weapon to stab Eric Williams 129 times. He beat Eric so badly that his skull was crushed. The damage was so severe that Eric Williams’ father stated: ‘‘I didn’t even recognize my boy laying in that cas-ket.’’ Eric was just 34 years old. 
This Bureau of Prisons policy is very 
misguided. We send our law enforce-ment officers alone, without defensive 
gear, to guard large numbers that in-clude convicted killers. So, working with Senator C
ASEY and with Eric Wil-
liams’ parents, Don and Jean Williams, we introduced the Eric Williams Cor-rectional Officer Protection Act. I should point out that Don and Jean Williams have been absolutely heroic advocates in insisting that correctional officers have this tool at their disposal. 
This is a bill that would require the 
Bureau of Prisons to issue nonlethal pepper spray to guards at high- and medium-security prisons so that these guards will have some means to protect themselves, some means of self-de-fense. We know this works. We know this works because there are many, many documented cases where a vio-lent attack is immediately ended by deploying pepper spray. The fact is, pepper spray completely and imme-diately incapacitates an attacker. It does so while doing no permanent dam-age. 
Well, it is too late for Eric Williams, 
but there are thousands of correctional officers across America who are work-ing in dangerous environments every day. If we pass this legislation, we are probably going to save some of their lives over time. The bill is bipartisan, as I pointed 
out. It has been endorsed by the Amer-ican Federation of Government Em-ployees, by the Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association, by the Council of Prisons Local 33. I am pleased to announce that thanks to the concerted and, as I said, heroic efforts of Eric’s parents, Don and Jean Wil-liams, and many law enforcement and correction officers across the country, I believe that today the Senate is ready to enact this legislation. 
I also thank my cosponsors, Senators 
M
ANCHIN , MCCONNELL , CORNYN , INHOFE , 
CAPITO , LANKFORD , KIRK, and V ITTER . 
Before I make the formal unanimous 
consent request, I yield to the senior Senator from Pennsylvania who has joined me in this effort, Mr. C
ASEY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I want to 
thank Senator T OOMEY for his work on 
this legislation—our work together. As Senator T
OOMEY did, I especially want 
to commend Don and Jean Williams, the parents of corrections officer Eric Williams. I will not reiterate the hor-rific nature of his death; Senator T
OOMEY outlined that. I cannot imag-
ine more of a nightmare for a correc-tions officer and for his or her family. 
We can bring some measure of pro-
tection to these officers by making sure that every possible circumstance is one in which the officer has pepper spray to be able to prevent an attack or to slow an attack down enough until that corrections officer gets help. 
I want to say how much we appre-
ciate the fact that this is bipartisan. This is one of those issues that should not have any kind of political division. Senator T
OOMEY outlined the challenge 
and also the solution for this problem. 
This is not a guarantee, but it means 
that if a corrections officer—and they are always outnumbered, by the way. If they are outnumbered, they will have some measure of protection. 
I want to emphasize one thing I cer-
tainly forgot about or maybe never fully understood until I was in a line at corrections officer Eric Williams’ view-ing before his funeral. The line was full of law enforcement officers. I think sometimes we forget—and it was made clear to me that night—that these indi-viduals are part of law enforcement, just like police officers at the local level or State police officers or other law enforcement personnel. When you work in a Federal prison and you are a corrections officer, you are part of law enforcement. 
Those of us who work hard to provide 
resources for law enforcement should once again support legislation like this. I want to thank Senator T
OOMEY  
for his work. I want to thank those who made this possible. I hope we can have this legislation pass through the Senate before we leave by the end of this week. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, again, I 
want to thank Senator C
ASEY for his 
excellent work on this. At this time, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 238 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 238) to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin cap-sicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 238) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 238 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eric Wil-
liams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE BU-
REAU OF PRISONS AUTHORIZED TO CARRY OLEORESIN CAPSICUM SPRAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of part III of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 4049. Officers and employees of the Bureau 
of Prisons authorized to carry oleoresin capsicum spray 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director of the Bu-
reau of Prisons shall issue, on a routine basis, oleoresin capsicum spray to— 
‘‘(1) any officer or employee of the Bureau 
of Prisons who— 
‘‘(A) is employed in a prison that is not a 
minimum or low security prison; and 
‘‘(B) may respond to an emergency situa-
tion in such a prison; and 
‘‘(2) to such additional officers and employ-
ees of prisons as the Director determines ap-propriate, in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(b) T
RAINING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order for an officer or 
employee of the Bureau of Prisons, including a correctional officer, to be eligible to re-ceive and carry oleoresin capsicum spray pursuant to this section, the officer or em-ployee shall complete a training course be-fore being issued such spray, and annually thereafter, on the use of oleoresin capsicum spray. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSFERABILITY OF TRAINING .—An of-
ficer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons who completes a training course pursuant to paragraph (1) and subsequently transfers to employment at a different prison, shall not be required to complete an additional train-ing course solely due such transfer. 
‘‘(3) T
RAINING CONDUCTED DURING REGULAR  
EMPLOYMENT .—An officer or employee of the 
Bureau of Prisons who completes a training course required under paragraph (1) shall do so during the course of that officer or em-ployee’s regular employment, and shall be compensated at the same rate that the offi-cer or employee would be compensated for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.023 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8704 December 16, 2015 
conducting the officer or employee’s regular 
duties. 
‘‘(c) U SE OF OLEORESIN CAPSICUM SPRAY .— 
Officers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons issued oleoresin capsicum spray pursu-ant to subsection (a) may use such spray to reduce acts of violence— 
‘‘(1) committed by prisoners against them-
selves, other prisoners, prison visitors, and officers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons; and 
‘‘(2) committed by prison visitors against 
themselves, prisoners, other visitors, and of-ficers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 303 of part III of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4048 the following: 
‘‘4049. Officers and employees of the Bureau 
of Prisons authorized to carry oleoresin capsicum spray.’’. 
SEC. 3. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than the date that is 3 years 
after the date on which the Director of the Bureau of Prisons begins to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons pursuant to section 4049 of title 18, United States Code, as added by this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes the following: 
(1) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
issuing oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in prisons that are not minimum or low secu-rity prisons on— 
(A) reducing crime in such prisons; and (B) reducing acts of violence committed by 
prisoners against themselves, other pris-oners, prison visitors, and officers and em-ployees of the Bureau of Prisons in such pris-ons. 
(2) An evaluation of the advisability of 
issuing oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in prisons that are minimum or low security prisons, including— 
(A) the effectiveness that issuing such 
spray in such prisons would have on reducing acts of violence committed by prisoners against themselves, other prisoners, prison visitors, and officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in such prisons; and 
(B) the cost of issuing such spray in such 
prisons. 
(3) Recommendations to improve the safe-
ty of officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons in prisons. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
f 
HIGHER EDUCATION EXTENSION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be al-lowed to enter into a colloquy with Senators A
YOTTE , BALDWIN , CASEY , and 
PORTMAN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. If it is agreeable 
to Senators, I will make a few remarks introducing the subject of the colloquy, and then the Senators will speak in that order. I am here today to talk about the Federal Perkins Loan Pro-gram Extension Act of 2015, which is a substitute to H.R. 3594. I have a bill which has been taken to the desk. The original sponsors of the bill, 
which I will ask to be considered at the conclusion of the colloquy, are Sen-ators A
YOTTE , B ALDWIN , J OHNSON , 
CASEY , COCHRAN , BOOZMAN , and me. We 
have debated the Perkins loan several times on the floor of the Senate. Twice, I have objected to the House bill to ex-tend the Perkins Loan Program. This is a program that was set to expire in 2012, since the 1998 reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. 
That date was not extended the last 
time we reauthorized the Higher Edu-cation Act. This is a program that, in 1998, the Congress and the President decided would expire in 2012. The expi-ration of the loan program should not have been a surprise to anybody. It has not received appropriations since 2004. 
The Department of Education re-
minded institutions that the program was expiring earlier this year. I ob-jected to the extension on the grounds that the current Federal loan pro-gram—one that all students, not select students, are able to use—has a lower interest late and better repayment op-tions than the Perkins Loan Program. I objected because I believed there should only be one Federal loan pro-gram for undergraduate students, as well as one for graduate students, and one for parents. 
That was the testimony we received 
in our education committee, the HELP Committee. Senator B
ENNET and I and 
a bipartisan group of Senators have in-troduced something called the FAST Act, which would, in a variety of ways, simplify the ability of students to apply for Federal student aid. One of those ways is to simplify the maze of student loans that are available to stu-dents today. 
Sometimes students end up with 
more loans than they even know they have. Then they have trouble paying them back. However, in recent weeks, I have had many conversations with Senators. Some of them are on the floor today and are Members of this colloquy, who have suggested to me they would like to have the Perkins Loan Program extended until we can address it in the Higher Education Re-authorization Act. 
Senator A
YOTTE , Senator B ALDWIN , 
Senator C OLLINS , Senator C ASEY , Sen-
ator J OHNSON , Senator P ORTMAN , and 
Senator B LUMENTHAL are some of the 
Senators who have eloquently made that case on the floor of the Senate. They came and argued the merits of the Perkins Loan Program. Most of the arguments relied on the use of these loans by students to provide for financ-ing up to a student’s full cost of at-tendance to meet a gap in funding that is above their direct Federal loan lim-its for the very neediest students; or they argued it was an important re-source to students in urgent cir-cumstances such as when a student’s parent loses a job. 
I listened to these Senators. I have 
listened to university presidents and others who have talked with me about it. As a result, today I come here with 
what I believe is a fair compromise, co-sponsored by the Senators that I men-tioned, to address the specific issues raised. 
We propose a 2-year extension of the 
Perkins Loan Program while we work on a long-term solution for simplifying the student aid program. This exten-sion will give us time to move forward on the Higher Education Act reauthor-ization next year, and come to a con-sensus on how to simplify the Federal student aid program, which has become so complicated that many students will not even apply for loans, and many of those who do don’t realize the opportu-nities they have to pay the loans back according to very generous terms. 
That being said, I think it is impor-
tant for me to say that I am still, frankly, skeptical of the merits of this duplicative loan program, which only serves 5 percent of all student loan bor-rowers and amounts to a little over one-half of 1 percent of all the out-standing federal student loans we have in the country today. The program pro-vides an average loan of about $2,000 and illustrates the complicated mess our student loan system is in today. 
My colleagues, cosponsors, and I have 
worked on this compromise to extend the Perkins Loan Program for 2 years for all eligible undergraduates and 1 year for current graduate students who have already received a Perkins loan for the graduate degree they are pur-suing. 
This is what the substitute does. It 
extends the Perkins Loan Program until September 30, 2017, for all eligible undergraduates. It provides 1 year of additional Perkins loans to graduate students who have already received a Perkins loan. 
Under the Direct Grad PLUS Loan 
Program, graduate students have the ability to borrow up to the cost of at-tendance annually and have no aggre-gate or lifetime loan limits. In other words, you don’t need the Perkins loan as a graduate student to meet costs be-cause you can get as much money as you would need under the regular di-rect loan system. 
The bill requires that the institu-
tions award the maximum annual limit of subsidized direct loans prior to awarding a Perkins loan for current undergraduate Perkins loan borrowers. 
It requires that institutions award 
the maximum annual limit of both sub-sidized and unsubsidized direct loans prior to awarding a Perkins loan for new undergraduate Perkins loan bor-rowers. 
It requires the institution to disclose 
to Perkins loan borrowers the fol-lowing: that the program is ending; next, that this loan is not eligible for certain repayment and forgiveness ben-efits available to borrowers utilizing the Direct Loan Program. 
For an undergraduate, the interest 
rate is lower in the Direct Loan Pro-gram and they have a more generous way to repay the loan than under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.003 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8705 December 16, 2015 
Perkins loan. We want the Perkins 
loan borrowers to know that. 
We want them to know they may 
consolidate their Perkins loan into a Federal direct loan to receive the bene-fits of the Direct Loan Program; that is, the more generous repayment terms. 
We want them to know that Federal 
direct loans and Perkins loans have dif-ferent interest rates. 
We want them to know that if they 
are receiving a Perkins loan as an un-dergraduate today and they have re-ceived one in the past, that their insti-tution has already awarded all sub-sidized Federal direct loans for which they may be eligible for that year. In other words, the Perkins loan is their second loan. 
Many students borrow more than 
they should and then have trouble pay-ing it back. We want them to know that if they are receiving a Perkins loan for the first time, their institu-tion has already awarded all subsidized and unsubsidized Federal direct loans for which they were eligible that year and that this is their third loan. 
If this whole Federal student aid sys-
tem sounds complicated, it is. 
There are millions of students across 
our country who take advantage of generous Federal grants and loans— more than $30 billion in grants that they don’t have to pay back every year. There is a total outstanding debt of federal student loans of $1.2 trillion, almost $100 billion in new loans every year. However, it is such a maze and so complicated that many students don’t understand how much they are bor-rowing. So that was my purpose in ob-jecting to an automatic extension of the Perkins loan without thinking about it in terms of how we simplify it and make it easier for students to un-derstand the tangled maze of loans in the Federal student aid system. 
I thank my colleagues who are here 
today for being so eloquent and so ag-gressive in pointing out the benefits of the Perkins Loan Program and for coming up with the suggestion that we find a fair compromise so that over the next 2 years the Perkins Loan Program will continue but that during that time, both our education committee and the full Senate and the House will have a chance to review and make sim-pler the Federal system of grants and loans for students who attend our 6,000 colleges and universities in the coun-try. 
At this point, I recognize Senator 
A
YOTTE of New Hampshire, who was 
one of the first to come to the floor and very persuasively argue about the im-portance of some continuation of the Perkins Loan Program. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Tennessee. The Per-kins loan is a very important loan pro-gram to people in New Hampshire and to 5,000 students in New Hampshire who are current recipients. 
While I know my colleagues who are 
on the floor who have fought so hard for this—Senator B
ALDWIN , Senator 
CASEY , and Senator P ORTMAN —would 
have preferred that the Senate take up and pass the House’s Higher Education Extension Act prior to Perkins expir-ing, because all of us were on the floor on September 29 as well, I do very much appreciate the spirit of com-promise that the Senator from Ten-nessee has shown in working with us to extend this very important loan pro-gram for 2 years, and I thank him for that and for not letting this expire. 
I thank my colleagues on the floor 
who have fought so hard for the stu-dents in their States who, like the stu-dents in New Hampshire, the 5,000 stu-dents who received a Perkins loan dur-ing the last academic year—this is very important to those students. I have heard from them, the colleges, univer-sities, and financial aid administrators in New Hampshire, who have urged that it is very important, especially be-fore we end the year with the Perkins Loan Program expired, that we pass this extension. 
Certainly I look forward to con-
tinuing to work to make sure that all of our student loan programs are easier for people to use; that they are sim-pler; and that we make sure young peo-ple in this country and those who are returning to education as well—per-haps in a change of career or a new course in their life—that they get the opportunity, no matter where they come from or their economic back-ground, to reach their full potential in this country because that is the es-sence of the American dream. 
Again, this program is very impor-
tant to my home State. This program is also important to half a million stu-dents across the country. It hits a lot of students. 
Unfortunately, in my home State of 
New Hampshire, we have the distinc-tion of having the highest average stu-dent loan debt in the country. So every bit helps students. These 5,000 students in New Hampshire—I want them to know this program will continue, and I want to make sure the people of New Hampshire understand that I am going to continue to fight for access for all of our students in New Hampshire and those who want to have better edu-cational opportunities to better their lives and reach their full potential. 
I thank the Senator from Tennessee, 
and certainly I thank the other Sen-ators who are on the floor on a bipar-tisan basis who fought so hard for the Perkins loan extension. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from New Hamp-shire. She has been a passionate advo-cate for the Perkins loan recipients in New Hampshire and across this coun-try and played a major role in devel-oping this 2-year compromise that per-mits us to continue the program while we look at the future. 
Senator B
ALDWIN of Wisconsin was 
one of the first on the floor to point out the importance of passing the House bill and dealing with this issue. She is a member of the Senate’s edu-
cation committee, what we call the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee. Both she and her col-league from Wisconsin, Senator J
OHN-
SON, have vigorously advocated for an 
extension of the Perkins Loan Pro-gram. I thank Senator B
ALDWIN for her 
hard work and look forward to working with her not just on passing this bill but working in the committee to come to a proper resolution on student aid. 
Ms. BALDWIN. I thank the chairman 
for this colloquy and for the moment at which we have now arrived. 
Mr. President, I rise to speak about 
the Perkins Loan Program—a vital in-vestment in students that has been successful in helping Americans access affordable higher education and pursue their dreams. 
Due to Senate inaction, the Perkins 
Loan Program lapsed at the end of Sep-tember. I have twice come to the floor to urge my colleagues to take action and extend this critical student loan program which has helped literally millions of America’s low-income stu-dents for more than half a century. 
I am proud to have earned the sup-
port of a strong bipartisan majority in the Senate to continue this invest-ment. Since the program’s expiration, a growing chorus of advocates, stu-dents, and colleges and universities have joined our bipartisan coalition in calling on the Senate to act. 
As has been well documented, my 
friend Chairman A
LEXANDER and I have 
had our differences on this issue. As he just shared, he has objected to my pre-vious efforts to revive the Perkins Loan Program due to his concerns with the program that he wanted to address as a part of the discussion about reau-thorizing the Higher Education Act—a discussion, by the way, I very much look forward to. But despite his prior objections, I have certainly remained firm in the belief that we must act now to help students, even as we look to-ward that future conversation on high-er education starting at the education committee and then proceeding through the Congress. 
I continue to work with my Repub-
lican colleagues and Democratic col-leagues—especially those Republican colleagues who had concerns with the program—in order to find an interim path forward. 
I am so pleased that we are here 
today with a bipartisan compromise that provides a 2-year extension of the Perkins Loan Program. The com-promise before us today is not perfect, and this is not the legislation I would have written on my own. However, today we have found a bipartisan solu-tion that breaks the gridlock and will revive the Perkins Loan Program, pro-viding critical support to students across America who were left in the lurch when the program expired this 
fall. 
This extension provides current and 
new undergraduate borrowers with ac-cess to Perkins loans through Sep-tember 30 of the year 2017, allowing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.026 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8706 December 16, 2015 
them to complete both the 2016–2017 
and 2017–2018 academic years with the support of this important program. In addition, it provides current graduate students with a Perkins loan an addi-tional year of eligibility through Sep-tember 30, 2016, allowing them to com-plete the 2016–2017 academic year with the support of Perkins. Like the 1-year extension measure which the House adopted by voice vote earlier this fall, this 2-year extension is fully paid for. 
I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER for 
working with me and Ranking Member M
URRAY to address his concerns and to 
reach this compromise which we expect the Senate to pass in short order. 
I also thank my strong allies in this 
fight: Senator M
URRAY , Senator C ASEY , 
Senator P ORTMAN , Senator A YOTTE , 
Senator C OLLINS , and many other sup-
porters of the Perkins Loan Program in the Senate. 
I also thank our partners on the 
House Education and the Workforce Committee, Chairman K
LINE and Rank-
ing Member S COTT, who supported ex-
tending the Perkins Program. I am hopeful they will push this legislation across the finish line before Congress leaves for the year. 
Since 1958, the Federal Perkins Loan 
Program has been successfully helping Americans access affordable higher education with low-interest loans for students who cannot borrow or afford more expensive private student loans. 
In Wisconsin, the program provides 
more than 20,000 low-income students with more than $41 million in aid, stu-dents such as Andrew, a current stu-dent at the University of Wisconsin- Stevens Point campus. Without the support of his Perkins loan, Andrew said he would not have had the means to attend college with the little to no income at his disposal. Today, not only is Andrew making the dean’s list every semester, but he also has his sights set on attending the law school at the Uni-versity of Wisconsin. Andrew said: ‘‘Without the assistance I get from the Perkins Loan I would be forced to ei-ther take out other high-interest loans, delay my graduation rate, or drop out—which is the last thing I want to do.’’ 
I am pleased that we have reached an 
agreement to extend this program for 2 years to help students just like An-drew. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the HELP Committee to ensure that campus-based programs like Perkins are a part of the future of Federal support for higher education. 
Again, I thank the chairman for his 
colloquy and his hard work on reaching this resolution for the moment and look forward to the larger debate in the Education Committee when we re-convene next year. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Wisconsin. This is the second time in 2 weeks that she has played a role in an important bipartisan decision on the floor of the Senate regarding education. She has made a major contribution to our Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act, 
and through her willingness to work in a bipartisan way with other Senators who she mentioned, we have been able to get a bipartisan result. Hopefully, it will be passed by the end of the year, and then we will work together in com-mittee to find the right solution. 
No Member came more quickly to me 
to talk about the Perkins Loan Pro-gram than did the Senator from Ohio, R
OBPORTMAN , who has an eye for the 
budget with his broad experience as Di-rector of the budget and with a large number of colleges and universities in Ohio. He is here today to discuss the Perkins Loan Program, along with Senator B
ALDWIN , Senator A YOTTE , and 
Senator C ASEY . 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Tennessee. I appreciate his work and help to ensure these kids are not going to be left in the lurch. There are kids in the State of Ohio who are expecting to get their Perkins loans this January as they go into the next semester, and there were certainly thousands of young people who were hoping in the fall that they were going to be able to take advan-tage of it, and they were very uncer-tain. 
It is a big program in Ohio. We actu-
ally have over 25,000 Ohio students who receive financial aid through Perkins. In one school alone, Kent State, 3,000 students. 
By the way, I got lobbied on this very 
directly. A young woman named Keri Richmond interned in my office last summer. Keri is a classic example of someone who needs Perkins because it fills in the gaps for her. In her case, she has a Pell. Yet as a young woman who has been in and out of foster homes her entire life—and, by the way, is a won-derful advocate and spokesperson for that program and how it helps foster kids to get on their feet—she does not have the help at home that many stu-dents do. So even for the small things, she needs that Perkins loan. She is very grateful today that we are extend-ing this program, of course; but, more importantly, she is grateful for all her other colleagues at Kent State and around the State of Ohio. 
I was with some Ohio State students 
a couple weeks ago for a holiday party with the president of Ohio State, who is very pleased this has been finally handled because he was trying to plan. As we know, schools play a big role in Perkins. It is essentially like a revolv-ing loan program. With the interest, they are able to come up with new loans for the next year. So the colleges and universities in Ohio are very in-volved. We have 1,700 students at Ohio State; overall, we have 60 schools in the Buckeye State—colleges and uni-versities—taking advantage of this. So this is a big deal for us. 
I appreciate the fact that the chair-
man has been willing to sit down and work with us on this and come up with a way for us to move forward to give these young people the certainty that they need at a time when it is more ex-
pensive to go to college. This is a bar-rier for a lot of young people to be able to get that degree, to get the experi-ence, to have the ability to be able to go out in this tough job market and be able to find work and find their place in the workforce. I am happy we have come to this point. 
I will say I am very eager to work 
with the chairman, Ranking Member M
URRAY , and others over the next pe-
riod of time while we extend this pro-gram to come up with a better way to deal with our student loan program generally. I think the chairman makes a good point about the complexity. I think he is probably right that it is so complex that some parents and stu-dents are turned off by it, and we can simplify it. Certainly, we can, but I also want to make it clear that we need to be sure that we are providing maximum flexibility for students who might otherwise get left behind and wouldn’t be able to take advantage of the opportunity to go to college and get a degree. We should be doing every-thing in our power to provide more stu-dents in my home State of Ohio and around the country the chance to get the tools they need in order to be able to be successful. 
I thank Senator A
YOTTE , Senator 
CASEY , and Senator B ALDWIN . We have 
been at this for a while. We have been out here on the floor a few times talk-ing about this. I think this is a result that lets us say to the people we rep-resent back home: We are going to give you that certainty, that confidence to know this is not going to be pulled away. 
On the other hand, we are going to 
work hard over the next couple of years to ensure that this program is viable for the longer term—along with other programs—and simplify these programs so they do work better for all the parents and all the students whom we represent. 
I thank the chairman. This is one of 
the good results at the end of the year. In a way, going into the Christmas sea-son, it is appropriate that we have this little package that is now wrapped up and has a ribbon on it. But it does ex-pire, so our work is not done, and we will only redouble our efforts to ensure that we can come up with a program that does provide the flexibility and important safety net that Perkins does. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Ohio. He is ex-actly right. I know of no State that has more small colleges of the kind that would take advantage of Perkins loan probably than the State of Ohio. It is important to say that Senator B
ALD-
WIN, Senator C ASEY , and Senator 
AYOTTE have been urgently making 
their case on the floor over the last several weeks and have done so in such an effective way that we have been able to come up with a bipartisan com-promise. The more of that we are able to do, I think the more confidence the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.027 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8707 December 16, 2015 
American people will have in their 
Senators. So I appreciate his leadership in making this possible. 
Another Senator who is a member of 
the Senate’s committee that oversees education is the Senator from Pennsyl-vania, Mr. C
ASEY . He, too, has just 
completed work on the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which many people thought we had no chance of passing this year and which we passed by a very large margin. I thank him, as I did Senator B
ALDWIN , for working in 
such a constructive way. 
Some people look at the Senate and 
say: Well, you all are always arguing. Of course we are. That is what we do. That is like looking at the Grand Ole Opry and saying: You all are always singing. We have different points of view—and we do on the Perkins loan. But once we make our points of view known, we then do our jobs and we say: OK. Now we need to get a result. If all we wanted to do was to make a speech or make a point, we could stay home or get our own radio show. But we are Senators, and our job, having had our say, is to get a result. 
So I thank Senator C
ASEY , the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania not only for his work on this compromise on Per-kins loans but also for his work on our efforts to fix No Child Left Behind. I look forward to his comments. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I thank 
the chairman for his work in helping us get to this point today. It is an impor-tant moment at the end of an impor-tant year, and we are grateful for his leadership. Even when we have had a basic disagreement to get this com-promise worked out, it would not have happened, it could not have happened without his leadership and working with Democrats on our side of the aisle, Senator M
URRAY , as the ranking 
member of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, work-ing with Chairman A
LEXANDER . I thank 
Senator B ALDWIN for her work in lead-
ing this effort on our side and leading our team. 
This is a compromise, which, as Sen-
ator A
LEXANDER noted, some people 
don’t think we do enough of. I think it is an important example of why we must work together. 
When we consider the compromise 
that I worked on and the other Sen-ators who are here and others who are not here, along with our staffs—I men-tioned Jared and Lauren on my staff, who did a lot of work on this, and we are grateful for that. 
But we can report today some good 
news for more than 150,000 current freshmen Perkins loan recipients whose eligibility was cut off when the program expired on the 30th of Sep-tember of this year. This bipartisan agreement provides for a 2-year exten-sion of the Perkins Loan Program and provides some certainty for students and their families as we debate a longer term solution. We have more to do. Simply put, what students tell us they need is that basic certainty. One of the reasons we are happy we 
have reached a compromise at this stage is that I think most of us believe what have I often said—that early edu-cation applies to higher education. If young people learn more when they are in their college years, they are going to earn more later. One of the ways to learn more when you are at that age is to have the resources and help of a loan program such as Perkins. 
Perkins loans are critically impor-
tant in a State such as Pennsylvania. Forty thousand students in Pennsyl-vania receive these loans at more than 100 schools. As many people know, these loans are fixed rate and they are low interest. Unlike traditional sub-sidized loans, they don’t accrue inter-est when the student is in school. They have significant robust forgiveness op-portunities for borrowers who, for ex-ample, become high school teachers or first responders or librarians or nurses or Peace Corps volunteers, among so many other professions. The loans can be consolidated to qualify for income- based repayment and other loan-for-giveness options. 
This agreement ensures that those 
with the least financial resources will be able to continue to receive this im-portant source of financial aid. Because of this compromise, freshmen and stu-dents across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania will not have to choose between dropping out and taking out unaffordable, high-interest private loans in order to secure their degree. 
I would like to give two examples be-
fore I conclude. 
Abigail Anderson, a freshman at 
Immaculata University, currently re-ceives a Perkins loan of $2,000. She said she had it all figured out, but with this program expiring on September 30, she said: It changes everything. She said she didn’t know how she was going to pay for school next year because her parents couldn’t afford to pay any more. About the Perkins Loans, Abi-gail Anderson said, ‘‘Every little amount counts. It makes a difference.’’ 
Here is another example. Amber 
Gunn, a freshman at Temple Univer-sity, is from Hazelton, PA, near my hometown of Scranton. Amber did not have enough money to pay her tuition bill even for this year. Her mother wasn’t able to cosign her loans, but she was able to get a Perkins loan in the amount of $5,000 from the help of Tem-ple University’s financial aid office. Amber Gunn said as follows: 
Without the Perkins Loan I probably 
wouldn’t have been able to enroll for my first semester of school. I’m not sure what I’ll do next year without the loan, I’m kind of in a predicament. 
For some, that might be an under-
statement. 
So now, with this bipartisan agree-
ment, neither Abigail nor Amber and so many others will have to worry. They can focus their attention on the end of the semester, their exams—and whatever else they are having to focus on—instead of wondering whether they will be able to afford to return to cam-
pus for their sophomore years. 
Even with this compromise, we have 
lots of work to do—more work to do to come together on reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. But this is a good moment for the Senate, and it is especially a good moment for students and families across the country, and in my case for the some 40,000 in the State of Pennsylvania. 
I thank the chairman for his leader-
ship and again thank Senator B
ALDWIN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
once again thank the Senator from Pennsylvania for being both a pas-sionate advocate and skilled legislator in helping us come to a result here that meets most of the goals of the Senators who spoke about this, at least for the next 2 years, and gives us a chance in our committee to continue to work on it. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 4313 
of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Reso-lution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates and levels in the budget resolution for legislation that would amend the Higher Education Act of 1965. The authority to adjust is con-tingent on the legislation not increas-ing the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016–2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016– 2025. 
I find that amendment No. 2929 ful-
fills the conditions of deficit neutrality found in section 4313 of S. Con. Res. 11. Accordingly, I am revising the alloca-tion to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions and the budgetary aggregates to account for the budget effects of the legislation. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ac-
companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AUTHORITY AND 
OUTLAYS 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4313 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$s in millions 2016 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 3,009,288 Outlays .......................................................... 3,067,674 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 269 
Outlays .......................................................... 269 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 3,009,557 Outlays .......................................................... 3,067,943 
REVISION TO THE ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON 
HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR AND PENSIONS 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4313 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$s in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Current Allocation: 
Budget Authority 12,137 83,101 160,672 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.029 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8708 December 16, 2015 
REVISION TO THE ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON 
HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR AND PENSIONS—Continued 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 4313 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$s in millions 2016 2016–2020 2016–2025 
Outlays ................ 14,271 85,383 171,731 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority 269 ¥14 ¥13 
Outlays ................ 269 ¥14 ¥13 
Revised Allocation: 
Budget Authority 12,406 83,087 160,659 Outlays ................ 14,540 85,369 171,718 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the consideration of H.R. 3594, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3594) to extend temporarily the 
Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask unanimous 
consent that the Alexander substitute amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to, and that the bill, as amend-ed, be read a third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2929) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Per-
kins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN 
PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO MAKELOANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 461 of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘of stim-
ulating and assisting in the establishment and maintenance of funds at institutions of higher education for the making of low-in-terest loans to students in need thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘assisting in the maintenance of funds at institutions of higher education for the making of loans to undergraduate stu-dents in need’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TO MAKELOANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) L OANS FOR NEW UNDERGRADUATE FED -
ERAL PERKINS LOAN BORROWERS .—Through 
September 30, 2017, an institution of higher education may make a loan under this part to an eligible undergraduate student who, on the date of disbursement of a loan made under this part, has no outstanding balance of principal or interest on a loan made under this part from the student loan fund estab-lished under this part by the institution, but only if the institution has awarded all Fed-eral Direct Loans, as referenced under sub-paragraphs (A) and (D) of section 455(a)(2), for which such undergraduate student is eli-gible. 
‘‘(B) L
OANS FOR CURRENT UNDERGRADUATE  
FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN BORROWERS .—Through 
September 30, 2017, an institution of higher education may make a loan under this part to an eligible undergraduate student who, on the date of disbursement of a loan made under this part, has an outstanding balance of principal or interest on a loan made under 
this part from the student loan fund estab-lished under this part by the institution, but only if the institution has awarded all Fed-eral Direct Stafford Loans as referenced under section 455(a)(2)(A) for which such un-dergraduate student is eligible. 
‘‘(C) L
OANS FOR CERTAIN GRADUATE BOR -
ROWERS .—Through September 30, 2016, with 
respect to an eligible graduate student who has received a loan made under this part prior to October 1, 2015, an institution of higher education that has most recently made such a loan to the student for an aca-demic program at such institution may con-tinue making loans under this part from the student loan fund established under this part by the institution to enable the student to continue or complete such academic pro-gram. 
‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL LOANS .—An institution 
of higher education shall not make loans under this part after September 30, 2017. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—No funds are authorized to be appro-
priated under this Act or any other Act to carry out the functions described in para-graph (1) for any fiscal year following fiscal year 2015.’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (c). (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith-
standing the amendments made under para-graph (1) of this subsection, an eligible grad-uate borrower who received a disbursement of a loan under part E of title IV of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.) after June 30, 2016 and before October 1, 2016, for the 2016–2017 award year, may re-ceive a subsequent disbursement of such loan by June 30, 2017, for which the borrower re-ceived an initial disbursement after June 30, 2016 and before October 1, 2016. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS FROM STUDENT  
LOANFUNDS .—Section 466 of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087ff) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘After September 30, 2003, and not later than March 31, 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2017’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘After October 1, 2012’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2017’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2003’’ and 
inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Octo-
ber 1, 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL EXTENSIONS NOTPER-
MITTED .—Section 422 of the General Edu-
cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1226a) shall not apply to further extend the duration of the authority under paragraph (1) of section 461(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa(b)), as amended by subsection (a)(1) of this section, beyond September 30, 2017, on the basis of the extension under such subsection. 
SEC. 3. DISCLOSURE REQUIRED PRIOR TO DIS-
BURSEMENT. 
Section 463A(a) of the Higher Education 
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087cc–1(a)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) a notice and explanation regarding 
the end to future availability of loans made under this part; 
‘‘(15) a notice and explanation that repay-
ment and forgiveness benefits available to borrowers of loans made under part D are not available to borrowers participating in the 
loan program under this part; 
‘‘(16) a notice and explanation regarding a 
borrower’s option to consolidate a loan made under this part into a Federal Direct Loan under part D, including any benefit of such consolidation; 
‘‘(17) with respect to new undergraduate 
Federal Perkins loan borrowers, as described in section 461(b)(1)(A), a notice and expla-nation providing a comparison of the inter-est rates of loans under this part and part D and informing the borrower that the bor-rower has reached the maximum annual bor-rowing limit for which the borrower is eligi-ble as referenced under subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 455(a)(2); and 
‘‘(18) with respect to current under-
graduate Federal Perkins loan borrowers, as described in section 461(b)(1)(B), a notice and explanation providing a comparison of the interest rates of loans under this part and part D and informing the borrower that the borrower has reached the maximum annual borrowing limit for which the borrower is el-igible on Federal Direct Stafford Loans as referenced under section 455(a)(2)(A).’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
know of no further debate on this measure. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing 
no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
The bill (H.R. 3594), as amended, was 
passed. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask unanimous 
consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Once again, I 
thank Senator B
ALDWIN , Senator 
CASEY , and the other Senators who par-
ticipated in our colloquy, Senator A
YOTTE and Senator P ORTMAN . They 
have all pushed hard to see that we get a result on the Perkins loan extension. They have been effective advocates and skilled legislators, and I am grateful for their hard work. 
There have been other Senators who 
have spoken on the floor and have been very passionate advocates. I don’t think I have a list of all of them, but I know, for example, Senator C
OLLINS  
made her case here on the floor and in the conference on our elementary and secondary education bill for the stu-dents of Maine who receive Perkins Loans. I know Senator B
LUMENTHAL  
was here on a day when I was here as well making his case for students in 
Connecticut. I know the Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. J
OHNSON , was here mak-
ing a vigorous case for the students from Wisconsin, as did Senator B
ALD-
WIN. Senator B OOZMAN of Arkansas and 
Senator C OCHRAN of Mississippi have 
also been advocates as well as those who participated in the colloquy. 
We have had a broad group of Sen-
ators involved both on the floor and in the negotiations. We now have passed a bill in the Senate. It will go to the House. Hopefully, it will be considered and become a law by the end of the year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.006 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8709 December 16, 2015 
I look forward to working with my 
two colleagues on the education com-mittee to reauthorize the Higher Edu-cation Act, with the goal of simplifying and making more effective the Federal Student Aid Program so American stu-dents can afford and can attend college or university. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CRUDE OIL EXPORT BAN 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise 
again to raise the case for lifting the 40-year-old ban on exporting crude oil. Lifting the ban will not only benefit my home State of North Dakota, but it will also benefit our Nation and our al-lies in a host of different ways, and that is why I worked hard to include legislation to repeal the ban in the year-end legislation that Congress now has under consideration. 
Importantly, this is must-pass legis-
lation, meaning it will be very hard for the President to veto lifting the ban on exporting crude oil. When taken to-gether, the reasons for lifting the oil export ban are very powerful. Doing so will encourage more domestic produc-tion, increase the global supply of crude oil, thereby reducing the cost at the pump for our consumers, particu-larly over the long term, and it will grow our economy and create good- paying jobs for our citizens. 
The last reason for lifting the ban is 
vitally important as well, particularly now as we work on making sure our Nation is secure. National security through energy security helps to keep our people safer. I will take a few min-utes and go through those benefits one by one. 
Let’s start with the American con-
sumer. The price of oil is based on sup-ply and demand. The more oil on the market, the lower the price. It is a matter of simple economics—supply and demand. The volatility and global price of crude oil is felt right down to the consumer level. More global supply means lower prices at the pump for gasoline, benefiting our consumers and small businesses across the country. That means more money in consumers’ pockets. Those facts are backed up by studies at both the U.S. Energy Infor-mation Administration—the EIA— which is part of the Department of En-ergy, as well as the nonpartisan Brook-ings Institute. 
This spring, EIA Administrator 
Adam Sieminski confirmed that find-ing in testimony before our Energy and Natural Resources Committee, of which I am a member. In September, the EIA released a new report that re-
affirms the benefits to consumers and businesses that would result from lift-ing the decades-old crude oil export ban. It stands to reason if we just think about it for a minute. Oil is a global commodity, right? The global price is based on North Sea oil, or Brent crude, so that is the global price. Because we are not allowed to export oil, the do-mestic price is different. That is based on WTI—West Texas Intermediate— crude. So the West Texas Intermediate crude price typically simply runs somewhere between $5 and $8 a barrel lower than Brent crude, the inter-national price. So here we are pro-ducing oil—my State of Texas and oth-ers—we produce some of the lightest, sweetest crude in the world. Yet when our producers sell that, they are get-ting $5 to $8 less per barrel than people who are producing internationally. So we are talking about OPEC, Russia, Venezuela, our competitors—they price 
off Brent. They are getting $5 to $8 more for every barrel they sell. 
Now, think about that. Let’s say you 
are a store or a business of any kind. For selling the same product or selling a better product, you are going to get less money than your competitor. Which of you stays in business? Which of you grows and produces more of that product? Which of you goes out of busi-ness? 
So what is going on in the world 
right now? We have OPEC flooding the market. Why are they doing that? They are doing that to capture market share and to reassert their dominance. Once they put us out of business, then they are back in the driver’s seat and prices will go right back up for the con-sumer. We don’t want to let that hap-pen. We want a robust oil and gas in-dustry that will make sure that we have competition, that we have energy security, and that consumers have lower prices at the pump. 
Second, in addition to benefiting con-
sumers, crude oil exports benefit our economy here at home. Crude oil ex-ports will increase revenues and boost overall economic growth. It will help increase wages, create jobs, and im-prove our balance of trade. One area of our economy that currently enjoys a favorable balance of trade is agri-culture. That is because our farmers and our ranchers successfully market their products around the globe. Our crude oil producers can do the same if they are given the opportunity. Local economies also benefit. Service indus-tries, retail, and other businesses and communities centered on oil develop-ment will see more economic activity and growth if this antiquated ban is lifted. Also, crude oil exports will ben-efit our domestic industry, our energy industry, obviously. 
The EIA’s latest study concluded 
that lifting the ban will reduce the dis-count for light sweet crude oil pro-duced in States such as North Dakota, Texas, and others and encourage in-vestment to expand domestic energy production. The drop in the price of oil this year 
has slowed domestic production. In our State of North Dakota, we continue to produce oil. In fact, our State in-creased production in October to al-most 1.17 million barrels a day. That is up a little bit from last month when we produced about 1.16, but we are already down from our peak earlier this year of 1.2 million barrels a day. 
This goes back to what I am saying. 
We are in a fight to determine who is going to produce oil and gas globally. Do we want that to be America or would we prefer that to be OPEC, Rus-sia, Venezuela, and some of our other adversaries? 
Our producers are resilient, innova-
tive, and highly competitive. They are developing new technologies and tech-niques to become more cost-effective and more efficient all the time. Allow-ing them to compete in the global mar-ket will not only make us more inven-tive, more creative, and deploy better technologies but grow our economy and grow our domestic oil and gas in-dustry. 
Of course, that means high-paying 
jobs for our people. According to a study by IHS, a global provider of in-dustry data and analysis, lifting the ban will attract an estimated $750 bil-lion in new investments and create nearly 400,000 additional jobs in the United States between 2016 and 2030. I have seen studies that are actually higher. That is $750 billion in private investment—not government spending, in private investment—to stimulate and grow our economy and 400,000 addi-tional jobs. Again, those are jobs in the private sector—not more government— private sector jobs, economic growth, more revenue to help reduce the deficit and the debt without raising taxes. We know that from experience in North Dakota, where in recent years per cap-ita personal income has been growing faster than any other State in the country, not solely but in large part because of oil and gas production. 
On a national level, crude oil exports 
will help to bring our energy policy into the 21st century. The crude oil ex-port ban is an economic strategy that was implemented in the 1970s, and the world has changed dramatically since then. Back then, the conventional wis-dom was that there was a finite amount of oil in the world, and we pretty much knew where it was, and there were even alarms at that time that we were going to run out of oil. Barton Hinkle pointed out in Reason magazine that as recently as 2005, the BBC asked: ‘‘Is global oil production reaching a peak?’’ 
In 2008, the Houston Chronicle de-
clared: ‘‘We are approaching peak oil sooner than many people would have thought.’’ 
Two years later, the New York Times 
reported on a group of environmental-ists who ‘‘argue that oil supplies peaked as early as 2008 and will decline rapidly, taking the economy with them.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.032 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8710 December 16, 2015 
Yet here we are. Nobody envisioned 
the kind of energy revolution we are seeing in the United States—in North Dakota, in Texas, and in other oil-and- gas-producing States—with new and creative technologies that produce more energy with better environmental stewardship. 
Back in 2011 I asked then-Interior 
Secretary Salazar to have the U.S. Ge-ological Survey do a new study to up-date estimates of recoverable reserves in the Williston Basin. In April of 2013, the results came in and they were pro-found. The USGS found that there are approximately 7.4 billion barrels of technically recoverable oil in the Williston Basin, which is more than twice the previous estimate. The upper end of that estimate is 11.4 billion bar-rels of recoverable oil. It is about twice the USGS estimate made in April of 2008, which projected about 3.65 billion recoverable barrels in the Bakken for-mation. 
So my point is, in less than 5 years’ 
time, with the new technology and de-velopment, we have more than doubled the amount of recovery oil just in the Williston Basin, in the North Dakota- Montana area, from 3.65 billion barrels to 7.4 billion barrels, and we are just scratching the surface. 
The report also estimates there to be 
about 6.7 trillion cubic feet of undis-covered, technically recoverable nat-ural gas, nearly three times the esti-mate 5 years earlier. 
So again my point: We don’t even 
drill for natural gas. We are drilling for oil and we produce natural gas as a by-product. And the amount available is going up dramatically. As I say, the most recent estimate for natural gas, 3.67 trillion cubic feet, is more than double the amount just 5 years earlier. That is what technology is doing with the resource. This is the opportunity we have. 
Recoverable oil projections to date 
may be as little as several percentages of what is actually in the ground. That is the kind of potential we have. That is the kind of potential we have to de-pend on ourselves for energy, not OPEC or anyone else. 
I recently asked the USGS Director, 
Suzette M. Kimball, to update the most recent assessments to provide more in-formation on a new formation that we are producing in North Dakota—the Tyler. That is because industry ad-vances in directional drilling and hy-draulic fracturing have greatly ex-panded the ability to access formerly difficult areas. As I said, the industry is working on a new formation—the Tyler formation. 
I want to make one other point, too, 
and this goes to environmental stew-ardship. We are actually producing less greenhouse gas in the country today than we have in prior years. A big part of the reason is something called hy-draulic fracturing because now, with hydraulic fracturing, we are producing so much more natural gas that we have low-priced, abundant natural gas, and as we use more of it we are actually re-
ducing carbon emissions in the United States. So isn’t it ironic that as we de-velop and deploy the new technologies to produce oil and gas more efficiently, more economically, and more depend-ably, at the same time, through hy-draulic fracturing and directional drill-ing, we are also doing so with better environmental stewardship. 
Isn’t that what American innovation 
and ingenuity is all about? Isn’t that the creativity that we unleash in the private sector, when we create a good business climate and we empower in-vestment, rather than block it with regulation and taxation and roadblocks and redtape that doesn’t make any sense? That is how we create that ris-
ing tide that lifts all boats. That is how we become the most powerful and dynamic economy in the history of the world. That is how we create more jobs and opportunity for our people. 
So now, just 10 years after some were 
lamenting the depletion of the world’s oil reserves, the model has shifted from scarcity to abundance, and we will need additional investments in tech-nology, transportation, and energy in-frastructure, such as pipelines, rail, roads, and other industry needs to produce that energy. The good news is that the industry will build the infra-structure, create the jobs, and produce the energy we need if we just provide them with that good business climate and that opportunity to do it. As I said, as they deploy those advanced tech-nologies, as they make that invest-ment, they produce jobs, economic growth, more tax revenue, without raising taxes, to help with the debt and deficit, and they do so with better envi-ronmental stewardship. That is how we lead the world forward with better en-vironmental stewardship, with Amer-ican ingenuity, creativity, and innova-tion. 
Lifting the ban will create more do-
mestic production and energy infra-structure, which holds two key bene-fits. First, more domestic production and infrastructure means that in a na-tional emergency, Americans will not be dependent on the need for oil from elsewhere in the world—places like OPEC. Americans do not want to re-turn to depending on OPEC for our en-ergy. 
The second benefit is that U.S. crude 
oil will provide strategic geopolitical benefits for us and for our allies around the world. It will provide our friends with alternative sources of oil and re-duce their reliance on Russia, Ven-ezuela, Iran, and other unstable parts of the world for their vital energy needs. 
As a further security advantage, add-
ing more domestic supply will provide a buffer against shortages going to volatile conflicts in the Middle East and elsewhere around the globe. We fi-nally have an opportunity to curb the disproportionate influence OPEC has had on the world oil markets for al-most half a century, and we need to capitalize on it. One final point on national security. 
We must recognize the implications of the President’s deal with Iran, which lifts sanctions against Iranian oil. That agreement will put 1 million barrels a day of Iran’s oil on the global market and billions of dollars in their Treas-ury. Does it make any sense at all to maintain a ban on U.S. oil exports while the President lifts a ban on Ira-nian oil exports? Of course not. Clear-ly, it does not. In fact, we should be maintaining the sanctions on Iran even as we lift the oil export ban on our pro-ducers. 
The consensus among lawmakers and 
experts in the field of energy and na-tional security is evident: Lifting the ban on U.S. oil exports will create jobs, boost our economy, and bolster our na-tional defense. It is supported by stud-ies done by the U.S. Energy Informa-tion Administration, EIA—part of the Department of Energy—the non-partisan Brookings Institute, and Har-vard Business School. 
Last week we held an Energy and 
Natural Resources Committee meeting to examine the link between terrorism 
and the global oil and gas market. The results were telling. Expert witnesses from such highly regarded, nonpartisan think tanks as the Center for a New American Security and IHS, a global provider of data and analysis, affirmed that lifting the oil export ban will en-hance national security. Representa-
tive of the general opinion in the hear-ing was testimony by Dr. Sara Vakhshouri, a nonresident senior fel-low at the Atlantic Council, who said that with the Middle East in turmoil and confronting terrorist attacks and threats, it is important to have alter-native resources and ‘‘especially from the U.S.’’ 
Jamie Webster, senior director at 
IHS, capped the issue, saying: ‘‘We have put out a couple of studies on the crude export issue and our finding is that this is a clear win for the U.S. economy and also for energy security. It’s difficult to find a case where this is not a positive.’’ 
The ban on crude oil exports is an 
anachronism, a solution to a problem that no longer exists owing to the in-novation of the American energy in-dustry. At this time in our history, all the circumstances argue for lifting the ban. Americans need jobs, the economy needs a free market boost, and the American people deserve the security of knowing that in an emergency, we have a reliable and abundant source of energy as well as the infrastructure to deliver it. Lifting the ban on crude ex-ports is an idea whose time has come. Let’s get it done. 
I am very pleased to see my esteemed 
colleague from the great State of Texas, the only State that produces more oil than my home State of North Dakota, but we are working hard, and you know when you are in second posi-tion, you always run a little harder, work a little harder. We are hot after them, but I must say they do an amaz-ing job down there. His leadership on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.035 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8711 December 16, 2015 
this issue has been tremendous because 
he understands it is not only important for the Lone Star State, but it is im-portant for our country. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, while 
the Senator from North Dakota is still here, let me just say that he gave a speech that I wish I could have given. I couldn’t say it any better than he did, but I will just make one point as he is preparing to leave the floor. 
Some people wonder why is it that 
the Texas economy is doing so well rel-ative to the rest of the country. Last year, 2014, our economy grew at 5.2 per-cent. The U.S. economy grew at 2.2 per-cent. Now the fact that we are pro-ducing energy using the techniques the Senator from North Dakota talked about—fracking and horizontal drill-ing—fracking, by the way, has been around for 70 years or more—that has helped contribute to job creation and our economic growth. This is some-thing we would like to see expand across the country. 
We have been blessed, as has the Sen-
ator from North Dakota, with abun-dant natural resources. What we are asking to be able to do is to sell those to willing buyers overseas. Many of them are some of our closest allies, who are being terrorized by thugs such as Vladimir Putin, who uses energy as a weapon. Think about how powerful this would be in our national security toolbox to be able to sell natural gas and crude oil to some of our closest al-lies so they don’t have to rely on peo-ple like Mr. Putin. 
I congratulate the Senator from 
North Dakota, Mr. H
OEVEN , for his 
leadership on this issue. We have all worked together on it, and it has been a team effort, and we are close to get-ting it done. 
The final point I want to make is 
that this is not just about energy-pro-ducing States, this is a net positive for the United States and for our allies abroad. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Will the Senator from 
Texas yield for just a minute? 
Mr. CORNYN. I will be happy to. Mr. HOEVEN. I want to pick up on 
that last point. It is particularly im-portant when you consider this legisla-tion that this bill just doesn’t benefit the oil-and-gas-producing States, it really benefits everybody when you think about all of the infrastructure and the materials, the equipment that goes into producing that energy. When you talk about drilling down 10,000 feet, 2 miles underground, and drilling out 3 miles in multiple directions; when you talk about the equipment that is needed to do that, the tanks, the transportation; when you talk about all the things—the research, de-velopment, engineering—that go into it, I doubt there is a State in the Union that isn’t touched by this energy in-dustry. That is something I think all of our Members have to keep in mind 
when we look at this legislation. It is not just about energy-producing States, it is about all of us in terms of the economy, and it is about all of us in terms of national security. We are the ones leading forward with the new-est technology that will leave the envi-ronment with better stewardship. 
I am glad the Senator actually 
brought up that point, and I hope our colleagues will keep that in mind as we bring forward this legislation. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, there is 
another benefit that spreads evenly among Americans, and that is low gas-oline prices. The single driver for low gasoline prices is the supply of oil. Be-cause of the abundant supply of oil due to innovation and these techniques the Senator from North Dakota talked about, oil prices are lower than they have been in a long time. 
You can buy a gallon of gasoline in 
Texas for well under $2. I think I saw it as cheap as $1.80 or maybe lower than that in some places. That has a direct impact on the pocketbook of working families. That is another reason why this legislation needs to be passed on Friday of this week in the House and in the Senate. I thank the Senator from North Dakota for this brief discussion. 
f 
WORKING TOGETHER IN THE 
SENATE 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want-
ed to come to the floor and talk about what we have been able to accomplish this year because sometimes I think people, when they hear us talk, think we are somehow claiming credit where credit is not entirely due or whether we are trying to make this purely a partisan matter. It is not, but it does require good leadership. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, hav-
ing been speaker of the house in North Carolina, the people who set the agen-da—that is a pretty important power. All of the legislation that has passed this year would not have passed if it weren’t for the majority leader, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL , under the new major-
ity scheduling it for a vote in the Sen-ate and chairmen in the relevant com-mittees processing that legislation at the committee level and making it available for floor consideration. 
It is not just the Republican major-
ity. Time after time, we have seen Re-publicans and Democrats working to-gether hand in glove to try to pass leg-islation that is good for the American people. We saw that on the Education reform bill, where Senator M
URRAY and 
Senator A LEXANDER worked so closely 
together. We saw it on the highway bill—the first multiyear highway bill in a decade—where the Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER , working to-
gether with Senator I NHOFE from Okla-
homa and the majority leader, worked to really turn things around in the House of Representatives, to give them the space and time to pass a multiyear highway bill and to work with us to reconcile the differences and get it to 
the President. That is pretty impor-tant. 
I was on the phone earlier today 
talking with some of the folks at the Austin American-Statesman about the impact on the traffic situation we have on I–35. It is a veritable parking lot during many times of the day. People understand the importance of taking care of infrastructure and maintaining it but also expanding it so people can get from point A to point B, but more importantly, what that means in terms of the environment and their quality of life. 
So my simple point is that there is a 
big difference to the way this Chamber operated under the Democratic leader, when Senator R
EIDwas majority lead-
er, back when our friends across the aisle were in the majority. The sta-tistic has been mentioned that there were 15 rollcall votes on amendments. We have had more than 200 so far this year alone. Frankly, I think our Demo-cratic friends like the way the Senate has been operating under the current majority more than they did when they were in the majority because under the dysfunction of the previous majority, even Democrats in the majority weren’t able to get votes on the amend-ments. When they stood before the vot-ers, people asked ‘‘What have you done?’’ and they didn’t have much to show except dysfunction. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, 
whether it is North Carolina or other places around the country, we got a number of new Senators as a result of that misguided dysfunction, which was calculated but I think proved to be a miscalculation. 
It is a good thing to see the Senate 
operating again in the interests of the American people. We have had a pretty busy session. I am not claiming it was perfect. Frustrations abound. It is in the nature of divided government. 
The legislative process was designed 
by our Founding Fathers in the Con-stitution to be hard because they actu-ally saw the concentration of power as a threat to their freedom and their lib-erty, and they didn’t want an efficient Federal Government. They wanted checks and balances. They wanted checks between the various branches, between the two branches of the legis-lature, and also checks and balances with regard to the allocation of power to the Federal Government relative to the States and individuals. All of that separation of power was designed to re-quire deliberation and to require trans-parency and the building of consensus before legislation was passed that would have an impact on their lives. 
It has been a good thing to see the 
Senate working again, and I think all of us, Republicans and Democrats alike, can be proud of some of the work we have done. 
One of the things I am most proud of 
this year is the fact that we were able to pass a bill called the Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act by 99 to 0. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.038 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8712 December 16, 2015 
was the first legislation that actually 
provided a crime victims compensation fund to help provide grants to victims of human trafficking. As I have de-scribed before on this floor, the typical profile of a victim of human trafficking is a young girl between the ages of 12 and 14. We need to have resources available for people with big hearts in communities all across this country to help rescue these victims of trafficking and help them recover their lives and get on with their lives in a more pro-ductive and safe manner. This is one of the things we have done together. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
AGREEMENT 
Mr. CORNYN. Now, Mr. President, I 
want to spend a few minutes talking about some of the things on which I 
don’t think we are going to be able to find political consensus. That has to do with the President’s moving up his list of priorities. Among all the other things that are going on in the world, he seems to be saying that climate change is the most urgent challenge facing the United States and the world. I worry a little bit any time I hear a politician—or anybody, for that mat-ter—making sort of messianic claims. The President characterized the agree-ment in Paris—and I will talk more about the nature of that agreement— ‘‘a turning point for the world.’’ It strikes me that it takes quite a bit of hubris and really arrogance to be claiming that yes, this is going to be a turning point for the world. As a mat-ter of fact, the Wall Street Journal said that it pays to be skeptical of a politician who claims to be saving the planet. 
I don’t share the President’s prior-
ities when it comes to climate change because I think there are actually more urgent priorities, such as fighting terrorism both abroad and here at home. That would be a more urgent priority. Some of the other more pro-saic work we do here is pretty impor-tant to the quality of lives of the American people and to the economy, our ability to create an environment where they can find work and provide for their families. I think those needs are more urgent. 
Nevertheless, the President seems to 
be once again exaggerating what his authority is under our Constitution. Of course, the President has no legal au-thority to bind his successor. What he seems to be saying is ‘‘This is an agree-ment between me and the 140-some-odd nations,’’ and it won’t last beyond his Presidency. Last time I checked, the President will be leaving the White House sometime in January 2017. What he has purported to do is enter into an agreement that would somehow bind his successor and would somehow bind the Congress and the American people. But under our Constitution, this Presi-dent—no President has any authority to do anything like that. 
So it is clear that this agreement has 
been crafted in a way that gives some of the countries that are parties to the 
agreement more leeway than others. Some major economies don’t have to play by the same rules that the United States would. 
This agreement represents the Presi-
dent once again trying to claim au-thority he simply does not have. We don’t have a king. In America, we made that decision a long time ago. I think it was 1787 when we decided we would not have a king, but the President seems to act like a monarch and claim authorities from some source other than the Constitution. It seems unbe-lievable that after the Obama adminis-tration has failed to find support for so many of the President’s overreaching regulations here at home—not in the Congress, not in the State houses, not in the courts—his response was to sign on to an agreement with the United Nations that seeks to tax our use of en-ergy. It is another attempt to do an end run around the Constitution and around the American people. 
What really frustrates me is the 
President’s willingness to sacrifice our economy—job creation and the ability of people to find work and to provide for their family—to promote a cause that offers no guarantee of a more re-silient climate or a clean environment. 
The President and some of his sup-
porters frequently like to say: Well, people who don’t regard climate change as a priority are anti-science. I actu-ally think people who think agree-ments such as this are going to provide the answer are anti-science. 
First, if you start looking at some of 
the models that are used to predict temperatures decades and perhaps cen-turies out, this is not what you would call science, this is more like an eco-nomic projection or model, and we know how reliable they have been in the past. 
I couldn’t help but think about grow-
ing up and a book that I remember reading called ‘‘The Population Bomb,’’ which was written by a Stanford pro-fessor named Paul R. Ehrlich. The the-sis of ‘‘The Population Bomb’’ was that unless we did something to control population, millions of people were going to starve to death because we were going to outstrip our food supply. 
Well, obviously that didn’t happen. 
One of the reasons it didn’t happen is because of a man by the name of Nor-man Borlaug, a Nobel Prize winner, and now considered the father of the Green Revolution. By the way, he did spend a little bit of time at Texas A&M in Bryan College Station. But he was a very heroic figure who used science to help figure out how to increase produc-tion of the food supply in a way that made Paul Ehrlich’s prediction a pipe dream. It just didn’t happen. 
I think that by predicting all these 
dire consequences, it is the predictors— it is the people who are embracing this sort of climate change theology—who don’t have any confidence in our abil-ity to innovate our way out of these problems. I will use one more anecdote to try to 
make the point. At the start of the 20th century, horses in New York City were producing about 5 million pounds of manure a day. Can you imagine what an environmental hazard this would be with manure piled on vacant lots with rats? I will not go into all the details; it is pretty repulsive to think about. But there is a book called ‘‘SuperFreakanomics,’’ which uses this great example. They said: Well, what happened to that? Instead of some grandiose government policy or instead of some new tax or regulation that gov-ernment issued, what happened to that and the environmental hazard that pre-sented was the internal combustion en-gine. So not overnight, but apparently in short order, that manure was dis-posed of. Horses were replaced by cars. 
Again, it is just another example of 
how American innovation, creativity, and entrepreneurialism can take care of many of these problems that some of our friends worry so much about and think should be such an important pri-ority for us. America’s entrepreneurs have shown time and again that they are simply more adaptive and genius than government regulators and bu-reaucrats. 
By bypassing the American people 
and signing our country up for a bad international agreement that doesn’t put our country first, we should in-stead focus on finding innovative solu-tions that fit the diverse needs of con-sumers, businesses, and a growing economy alike. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
f 
HONORING OUR MEN AND WOMEN 
IN LAW ENFORCEMENT 
SERGEANT SEAN RENFRO , TROOPER TAYLOR  
THYFAULT , JAIMIE JURSEVICS , AND OFFICER  
GARRETT SWASEY  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor our men and women in law enforcement. Across the United States this year, 118 law enforcement officers have paid the ultimate sac-rifice. 
In Colorado, we honor our four fallen 
officers: Sergeant Sean Renfro with the Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office, whose care and concern for others did not end when he was off duty; Trooper Taylor Thyfault with the Colorado State Patrol, an Army veteran and a cadet training to become a trooper and due to his bravery was honored as a trooper before being laid to rest; Jaimie Jursevics with the Colorado State Patrol, a new mom and the vic-tim of the careless actions of another; and Officer Garrett Swasey with the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs Police Department, our most recent loss, as he responded to the senseless attack in Colorado Springs. 
Each of their legacies reflects an ex-
traordinary Colorado spirit, each a cherished member of their community, leaving behind loved ones as they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.039 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8713 December 16, 2015 
worked to uphold the law and care for 
those around them. These heroes risked their lives, and they showed the highest courage. And as we prepare our hearts and our homes for the holiday season, I hope we can all take a few moments to express our sincere grati-tude for their service and protection. In the best of times, patrolling the roadways, being present in our neigh-borhoods, and maintaining order can be a difficult and dangerous duty. I am proud of the work the men and women who make up each law enforcement of-fice in Colorado carry out each and every day. On watch in precincts, cor-rectional facilities, and along our high-ways, they diligently fight to safeguard our State. 
Colorado families, including mine, 
from the Eastern Plains to the Western Slope remain safe in large part because of the work and valor of our law en-forcement personnel. As the guardians of our communities, they prepare to re-spond to things that most of society simply hope will never happen to them. Lt. Col. Dave Grossman wrote that American law enforcement is the loyal and brave sheepdog, always standing watch for the wolf that lurks in the dark. 
With the recent events at home and 
abroad, we are reminded of the threats that are hiding in the shadows and the dangers that police officers confront each and every day. Yet they remain steadfast in their commitment to stand against evil. 
I am personally grateful for the sac-
rifices they make and the commitment they demonstrate to protect our State and our country. Their courage and selfless service were exemplified in the recent tragedy in Colorado Springs. As first responders, they are the first to encounter the fear, the calls for help, and the danger, but in that fear and danger, they provide hope and safety. Driven by courage and the desire to serve, they fulfill a great need through-out our communities. They carry these values as they begin their watch each and every day when they leave their family to protect mine and every other American. Their badge identifies them as a source of help in vulnerable times, and behind each badge of police offi-cers, sheriff deputies, correctional offi-cers, and patrolmen and patrolwomen is a heart that extends beyond its own bounds. 
Calling Colorado home rings truer 
when you also have the honor to safe-guard it. I am thankful for their serv-ice and thankful to the families for their continued sacrifice. They are con-stantly in my family’s thoughts and prayers, and we wish them each a safe and happy holiday. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
f 
TAX BREAK EQUALITY 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today 
is a great day to be an oil company in America. Not since August 27, 1859, 
when Edwin Drake drilled that first oil well in Titusville, PA, has there been a day as good for the oil industry in our country as today. 
Why is today a great day for Big Oil? 
Well, I will tell you. Last night at 2 a.m., the Republican leadership re-leased its spending bill. Tucked into that bill on page 1,865 is a provision that would massively reshape our Na-tion’s energy policy. Tucked into that bill is language that would roll back longstanding U.S. law and allow the oil industry to sell American crude oil overseas for the first time in more than 40 years. 
If this becomes law, it means poten-
tially $175 billion in new revenue for the oil industry over the next decade, up to $500 billion in new revenues for the oil industry over the next 20 years. That is why this provision is in there. It is corporate welfare for the most profitable industry in the history of the world, the oil industry. 
What does this mean for the Amer-
ican people? Lifting the ban on the ex-portation of American oil so it goes overseas rather than staying here in America. It will be a disaster for our economy, for our climate, for our na-tional security, and for our consumers. Do you remember the old mantra of the Republican Party, ‘‘Drill here, drill now, pay less’’? Now they have changed it. Their new mantra is ‘‘Drill here, ex-port there, pay more.’’ 
The oil industry push to export 
American oil isn’t about helping con-sumers at the pump; it is about pump-ing up Big Oil’s profits. When has the oil industry ever pushed for policies that would drive down prices and their profits? These are for-profit corpora-tions, not charitable institutions. They are looking to make lots of new money off of selling oil around the world but not here in the United States. 
If we allow this to happen, it will be 
a disaster for consumers in many re-gions of the country—for example, the Northeast. The Department of Energy has said that losing our refineries on the east coast, which could easily hap-pen because of this new law, will lead to ‘‘higher prices,’’ ‘‘higher price vola-tility,’’ and the potential for ‘‘tem-porary [supply] disruptions’’ in our re-gion. 
Right now consumers across America 
in 2015 are saving $700 because gasoline prices are so low and $500 on home heating oil because prices are so low. That is a stimulus, almost like a tax break in the pockets of working-class and poor Americans all across our country. 
Exports would wipe out this eco-
nomic stimulus for average Americans. It would begin to lead to the higher prices that the oil industry wants, both on the global market and here in the United States of America. And the new revenue the oil industry collects from exports is not magically created out of thin air; it will be transferred from American consumers and our domestic refiners into the pockets of the Big Oil 
companies in our country. This could amount to one of the largest single en-ergy taxes in the history of the world. 
Remember, Saudi Arabia and their 
OPEC allies control the global oil trade. They control the price that is paid on the global market, and re-cently OPEC suggested oil prices may rise again next year, putting in jeop-ardy the economic benefits that low gasoline prices and the low home-heat-ing oil prices have provided for average Americans. 
Second, national security. Importing 
our oil while we export our young men and women abroad—that is what we have right now. We are importing oil from Saudi Arabia, from Nigeria, from Algeria, from Kuwait, and from Iraq. That is what happens every day. That is a big reason we have so many young men and women over in the Middle East protecting those cargo ships of oil coming into our country. We still im-port 5 million barrels of oil a day. China and the United States are the largest importers. 
We don’t have oil to export. We are 
still importing 25 percent of our oil into our country right now, and we are importing it from countries we should not be importing that oil from. If we have a chance to back out that oil, to tell those countries we don’t need their oil any more than we need their sand, we are doing a big favor for our young men and women in uniform. We are al-lowing ourselves to step back and be more dispassionate in the decisions we make about our relationships with all of those countries. 
What this decision says is we are 
going to export our own oil even as we continue to import oil from the Middle East. This will only heighten our de-pendence upon oil coming in from countries that we should not be im-porting oil from if we have a chance to back it out. That is what is wrong with this decision at its heart—oil. It is not like a widget. It is not like a computer chip. You don’t fight wars over that. You fight wars over oil. That is why ISIS targets the part of Syria that it does. That is why the part of Saudi Arabia that has the oil is the one now being jeopardized by rebels. That is why Libya is so valuable and being fought over—oil, oil, oil—and the reve-nues that they produce in order to then create that instability, create that jihadism that we are dealing with. We should be backing out all the oil we are importing from that region if we have a chance to do so, and we do, but not after this bill passes. We are going to be in a situation where we basically are saying we are going to be permanently dependent upon that oil being imported from that region. 
I listened last night to all the Repub-
lican candidates for President debating in Las Vegas about national security. Well, that is what this is all about— this is all about that oil. This is all about that oil revenue that goes into the pockets of people who should not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.041 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8714 December 16, 2015 
have our money, who spend it in ways 
we don’t feel good about. 
In my opinion, this decision will dra-
matically weaken our national secu-rity position, weaken our ability to be stronger in the Middle East because we are less dependent upon pretty much the only product they make—oil—and would be able to deal with the national security issues in a much better way, being much more clear-eyed, dis-passionate, and protective of American interests and the interests of those we are allied with over the world. 
Third, this is a tale of two tax 
breaks. One tax break is for Big Oil. They get $7 to $8 billion a year in tax breaks, and it is permanent—perma-nent. What happened in this bill is that the $7 to $8 billion for tax breaks for wind and solar are now going to be phased out. We hear constantly from Republicans out here on the floor that they believe in ‘‘all of the above.’’ Well, you can’t have ‘‘all of the above’’ competing fairly if one industry—the oil industry—gets their $7 to $8 billion in tax breaks every year, and wind and solar—the technologies of the 21st cen-tury—are going to have their tax breaks phased out over the next 4 to 5 years. That is in this bill. 
So the oil industry gets $500 billion 
in new revenues over the next 20 years, $140 billion worth of tax breaks over the next 20 years, and wind and solar watch their tax breaks evaporate over the next 4 to 5 years. Is that a good deal for America, for the climate, for our job creation in America with jobs that are here in America? That is not a good deal. By the way, Big Oil wants their tax breaks so they can export the oil out of our country. Is that a good deal? It absolutely is not. 
For the offshore wind industry, 
which has yet to be born, we need the tax breaks to incentivize companies— wind companies from around the world—to come to the Northeast, to come to this incredible place which has been called the Saudi Arabia of wind. Those tax breaks are going to phase out before an industry is even born— the offshore wind industry. Does that make any sense? If we are going to give tax breaks to oil, we should give tax breaks to the offshore wind industry. We should give tax breaks to all these renewable industries on a predictable basis for years to come. That is not happening in this bill. It is just the op-posite. 
For national security, for equality, 
in terms of all energy resources but es-pecially those nonpolluting energy re-sources, there should be equality, but there is not. There is not. We could have an America with 40 percent of all electricity being wind and solar by the year 2030, if we kept the same tax breaks between now and 2030—40 per-cent. The 7 percent we would add in from hydropower and then the power that comes from nuclear power in our country, over 60 to 65 percent of all electricity in America would be non-carbon polluting by the year 2030, but the tax breaks for wind and solar are 
going away in 4 to 5 years. Does that make any sense? No, not at all. That is what this bill does, and that is why this bill has that provision that was in-serted late at night a couple of nights ago that is on page 1,865 in this omni-bus bill. 
The Koch brothers wrote a letter to 
all Republicans a couple of days ago. They said: Lift the ban on exportation of oil out of our country, even as we still import from the Middle East, and reduce and kill solar and wind tax breaks. 
Good. We understand the agenda. It 
is in this bill, and it is not good for America. It is not who we are. It is not this innovation economy which we know is going to have the capacity, like we did with cell phones, to very briefly in history just move from this kind of a phone in 1996, when it never really existed in people’s pockets any-where on the planet, to this kind of phone and now 600 million people in Af-rica have it today. We did that—Amer-ica. We can do the same thing with re-newable energy, but we need to ensure that those tax breaks are equal to oil’s, for oil is the technology of the 19th century, the oil of the 20th century. We have to have a vision of what is pos-sible here in the 21st century. This bill does not include that. 
That is why it is being added to a 
must-pass bill. It could not pass if it was not in a must-pass bill with unre-lated issues, unrelated appropriations. They needed it to carry it through be-cause they could not do it standing alone down here on the floor of the Senate. 
So whether it be the impact on our 
economy, which is going to drive prices higher, or whether it be on our na-tional security, it is going to increase our dependence upon imports from the Middle East. Whether it be the impact on consumers, where they are going to be paying higher prices, or whether it be the environment, where, believe it or not, by the year 2025 this is going to lead to upward of 2 to 3 million new barrels of oil per day being exported out of our country—that is the equiva-lent of building 150 coal-burning plants in our country and sending those emis-sions up into the sky. 
Having a bill pass on the floor of the 
Senate in the same week that the whole world came together in Paris and signed an agreement saying we were going to have less greenhouse gases going up into the atmosphere and that the United States was going to be the leader—we cannot tell the rest of the world to reduce their dependence on fossil fuels while we announce in the next week we are going to change our policy and start drilling for 2 to 3 mil-lion new barrels just to export it out of our country and phase out the tax breaks for wind and solar as we tell the rest of the world they should be mov-ing to wind and solar. That does not work. You cannot preach temperance from a bar stool. You cannot preach temperance from an oil rig and tell 
other countries to move to renewables. It just doesn’t work that way. It doesn’t work that way. They might nod. They might say: Oh, don’t worry. We are still going to honor our com-mitments. But you know behind your back as a country they are just going to be saying: I see what they are doing. We will start doing the same stuff. We will build a few more coal-burning ones. We will burn more fossil fuels over here. If they are not sincere, why should we be sincere? If they can preach temperance on Sunday and then on Wednesday say ‘‘bingo’’ in the church hall, we can do the same thing. 
So I am just afraid that on every one 
of these lines this bill fails: environ-ment, national security, consumers, and the economy. It is bad for America. It is bad policy. We should feel better about our capacity to innovate. 
I am especially concerned about 
wind. I am especially concerned about offshore wind. There is a reason we call ourselves the Saudi Arabia of wind. It is because we have the potential to back out the oil from Saudi Arabia. That is why. That is our metaphor be-cause we know how much oil they have and how they have controlled the price of oil in the world every single day since 40 years ago, when they decided to have their first oil embargo. That is when we put this law on the books that we would never export our oil again. We would keep it here. 
It is 40 years later. The Middle East 
is in chaos. It is hard for anyone to even describe what the future for the Middle East is going to be. How many of these leaders are actually even going to be in place in 5 years? No one in the world knows, but we do have one thing. We have our own domestic energy source, wind—natural gas, wind, and solar. We should keep it here to protect ourselves. It will make us a better partner with the rest of the world. If we are totally strong, we can project our power diplomatically, economi-cally much better than we are. 
So for me this is a historic day. I un-
derstand what Big Oil wants to do. I understand what the Republicans want to do. Our leader H
ARRY REIDdid his 
absolute best to get the best deal he could for the renewable energy sources that we have, to stand up as long as he could these tax breaks. He did a good job, but the pressure was on him from the Republicans. Unfortunately, in this agreement, the wind and solar tax breaks will expire. Wind tax breaks ex-pire very soon. 
From my perspective, we should have 
this debate out here soon. We should have a debate about the Middle East. We should have a debate about oil, about our national security, about our role in the future. It is time for us to have the big debates out here, the big debates in prime time, with everyone participating and everyone under-standing that the rest of this century is going to be about the United States over in the Middle East. Whether we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.043 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8715 December 16, 2015 
like it or not, from the day we invaded 
Iraq, that was our destiny. So let’s have those big debates. In the center of that has to be oil and the revenues that are fueling so much of what is hap-pening over there. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for giv-
ing me the opportunity to speak today. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OIL AND GAS EXPORTS 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I 
couldn’t help overhearing my friend from Massachusetts talking about something really good that is going to happen; that is, we are going to lift the caps off our exports on oil and gas. 
I just can’t understand why we ever 
had caps on exports. It seems like this administration is perfectly willing not just to approve of but to encourage countries like Iran and Russia to ex-port their oil and help them and yet preclude us from doing the same thing. Right now one of the problems we have with Russia is they have a hand up on us because there are so many countries over there dependent on them for their ability to have energy. It is just pretty amazing that is going on. 
So I am really glad. Hopefully, this 
will go through. I know in my State of Oklahoma it has cost literally hun-dreds of jobs in just three companies because they could no longer afford to drill here. 
That is a big issue. I remember I was 
invited to Lithuania back when the President of Lithuania wanted to dedi-cate and open their first terminal so that they would be able to import gas and oil, some of that being from us. Ev-eryone there was so joyous of the fact that they were not going to have to rely on Russia any longer, that they could rely more on us. We do have friends out there whom we want to be able to take care of. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
AGREEMENT 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, this past 
weekend, the officials from the admin-istration traveled 3,800 miles to Paris to attend the international climate ne-gotiations in Paris. As a reminder, this is a program that has been going on now for 21 years. The ones who started this whole idea that the world is com-ing to an end because of global warm-ing came from the United Nations. 
I have gone to several of these meet-
ings. I didn’t go to this one because even John Kerry, our Secretary of State, said publicly that there is not going to be anything binding. If there is nothing binding, then why are they 
even there? In fact, it was interesting because when he made that statement, President Hollande of France was out-raged. He said: He must have been con-fused when he said that. But that changed the whole thing. It was on No-vember 11 that he made that state-ment. 
Anyway, they went ahead and they 
had their 21st annual conference. I re-member one of them I went to. I ran into a friend of mine from a West Afri-can country. 
I said: Luke, what are you doing 
here? Why are you over here? You don’t believe all this stuff, do you, on global warming? 
He said: No, but we stand to be able 
to bring back literally billions of dol-lars to Benin, West Africa. Besides that, this is the biggest party of the year. 
The worst thing they said happened 
at the South America meeting 3 years ago was they ran out of caviar. Any-way, we are paying for all that stuff. When they went over and said that wonderful things were going to happen in Paris, we knew it wasn’t going to happen. 
The COP21 conference has nothing do 
with saving the environment. With no means of enforcement and no guar-antee of funding as developed countries had hoped, the deal will not reduce emissions and it will have no impact on global temperatures. 
When they say they had this historic 
meeting, everyone was scratching their heads wondering: What happened? Did they win anything at all? 
James Hansen is the scientist who is 
credited with being the father of global warming. I can remember when I got involved with the issue when they came back from Kyoto and wanted to ratify a treaty, and that was at the turn of the century, 1998. James Han-sen has been working on global warm-ing—he is a NASA scientist—for years. It goes all the way back to the eighties. He characterized what hap-pened in an interview he had with the British newspaper the Guardian. He said the agreement is a fraud. Here is the guy who is the father of global warming, and he said it is a fraud and it doesn’t accomplish anything. This is likely because the only guaranteed outcome from the Paris agreement is continued growth in emissions. 
According to a study from the MIT 
Joint Program on the Science and Pol-icy of Global Change, global emissions will increase by 63 percent through— that is assuming that everyone com-plies with their commitments, which obviously they will not and they can’t—global emissions will increase by 63 percent through 2050 compared to the year 2010. By the end of this cen-tury, the MIT study projects, tempera-tures—if they were successful—would only be reduced by 0.2 degrees Celsius. 
Even the 26 to 28 percent greenhouse 
gas emission reductions which Presi-dent Obama committed to on this agreement is really a fraud. There is an 
environmentalist witness who came be-fore our committee. He was the Sierra Club’s former general counsel, and his name is David Bookbinder. He testified before the Senate Environment and Public Works committee—the one that I chair—this year saying that the President’s power plan does not add up to the 26 to 28 percent target; it is to-tally unattainable. 
When asked to explain the targets in 
corresponding regulatory actions to Congress, the key administration offi-cials refused to do that. 
In fact, something happened. It may 
be the first time this has happened. People wonder how the unelected bu-reaucracies go off and do things that are not in keeping with the majority of the American people, and we see this all the time. To preclude that from happening, every bureaucracy has a committee in the Senate and in the House that is supposed to be watching what they are doing and they are sup-posed to be overseeing. They have ju-risdiction, just like my committee has jurisdiction over the EPA. I tried to get them to come in and tell us when it was announced by President Obama that they were going to propose the 26 to 28 percent reduction in greenhouse gases by 2025, and they refused to tes-tify. 
I would ask the Chair, in the years 
you have been here, have you ever seen a bureaucracy refuse to come before the committee that has the jurisdic-tion? They did. We are the authority in Congress to approve such—it has not only not pledged the money that has been committed as our price to pay, we haven’t actually appropriated any money at all. 
So while proclaimed as historic, this 
agreement did little to overcome the longstanding obstacle that has plagued international climate agreements from the start where responsibility is un-equally divided between the developed and the developing world. 
I can remember back in about 1999, I 
guess it was, around the Kyoto time, we had a vote here, and I was involved in that vote. It was called the Chuck Hagel and Bob Byrd vote. It said that if you come back from any of these places where you are putting this to-gether with a treaty—whether it is Kyoto or another treaty—we will not vote to ratify a treaty that either is bad for the economy of America or doesn’t treat China and the developing countries the same as it treats us. That passed 95 to 0. So when they go over and come back, it is dead on arrival. The thing is, everyone knows it except for the 192 countries that were over there. So we can’t figure out why they would call this a historic event. 
While the administration is pushing 
forward with economically disastrous climate regulations before the end of his Presidency, China gets to continue business as usual, including emissions growth through 2030—each year. That is about 15 years of increase. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.044 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8716 December 16, 2015 
came back saying: Well, we have to in-
crease our CO 2emissions for 15 more 
years. 
Yesterday morning, just 3 days after 
India signed off on the final Paris agreement, the Guardian—that is the big newspaper in London—reported that India is targeting to more than double its output of 1.5 billion tons through 2020 because ‘‘coal provides the cheapest energy for rapid industrializa-tion that would lift millions out of pov-erty.’’ 
At the historic meeting they had, the 
top official from India’s Coal Ministry said: 
Our dependence on coal will continue. 
There are no other alternatives available. 
India is not alone; there are numer-
ous other countries that will continue to do that. 
Even though the temperature level 
set is misleading, a 1.5-degree cap on global temperature increase is no more realistic or technologically feasible than the 2 degrees they used before this. 
The fine print remains the same. For 
any agreement to have legal signifi-cance within the United States, it has to be ratified by the Senate. People in other countries don’t know that. They think someone, particularly a very strong President like President Obama—that he can just pretty much mandate anything he wants. It doesn’t work that way in the United States. 
In what was literally the final hour— 
this is very interesting—they had to delay the announcement of their agree-ment by 2 hours because they wanted to make one change in the agreement. They had language that said ‘‘devel-oped country’’—that is us, the United States—‘‘parties shall continue taking the lead by undertaking economy- wide. . . .’’ and then explained how to 
do it. They wanted to replace the ‘‘shall’’ with ‘‘should’’ because they discovered in their discussions that if they left ‘‘shall’’ in there, it would have to come to the U.S. Senate for ratification, and they would all be em-barrassed because we would know what the results of that would be. 
Missing from the administration’s 
top 21 celebratory speeches is the fact that neither the American people nor the U.S. Senate supports the inter-national agreement and that the cen-terpiece regulatory commitment—the so-called Clean Power Plan—faces sig-nificant legal obstacles in the Con-gress—in fact, not just obstacles, but it has already been voted on. There is a CRA—that is the Congressional Review Act—and the Congressional Review Act is saying that we are going to reject the Clean Power Plan, and it passed with an overwhelming majority of Democrats and Republicans in the House. What they agreed on has al-ready been rejected. 
Missing from almost all of the Paris 
agreement coverage before and after is that the basis for this agreement is not scientific but political. Ninety percent of the scientists do not believe the world is coming to an end because of 
global warming, as environmental NGOs and the U.S. administration offi-cials claim. 
A Wall Street Journal op-ed exam-
ined what constituted this misrepre-sentation of 97 percent. We always hear that 97 percent of the scientists say that this is true; it must be true. Any-time you have something that is un-popular, if you keep saying over and over again that the science is settled, a lot of people out there believes it is. But when they did the analysis of the 97 percent consensus and explained it, it was simply based on fractions of re-spondents. For example, in a com-monly cited 2009 survey of over 3,100 re-spondents, only 79 were counted be-cause they claimed their expertise was solely climate-related. 
Well, the 97 percent consensus was 
reviewed just a few weeks ago by one of the news stations in their poll—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 1 more minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. The poll found that 97 
percent of Americans don’t care about global warming when stacked against issues such as terrorism, immigration, health care, and the economy. I re-member when it used to be the No. 1 concern of Americans, and following the same March Gallup poll over the years, it has gone from No. 1 or No. 2 over that period of time to No. 15—dead last. They have a lot of work to do, and it is not going to work. 
Before I yield the floor, let me thank 
my friend from Connecticut for all of his help last night. We worked late, and we did the right thing. I appreciate that very much. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am pleased and honored to follow my colleague from Oklahoma, and I extend my thanks to him for his cooperation on the legislation we did last night by unanimous consent, which I was pleased to support eventually and work with him to reach a resolution on. 
(The further remarks of Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL are printed in today’s 
RECORD during consideration of S. Res. 
310.) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PEOPLE OF 
CAMPBELL COUNTY, WYOMING 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I recently 
traveled to my hometown of Gillette, WY. I am usually in Wyoming most weekends, but I get to my hometown only about every other month because I have a huge State to cover. I hap-pened to get there when the senior citi-zens were having their annual crafts gala. As I wandered through, looking at all of the marvelous things they had done, I was shown a Christmas orna-ment specifically designed for our 
county. I was asked if I could take it and a message to our President. Of course I agreed, and today I want to share that message and that ornament with my fellow Senators. 
That is what it looks like on the 
tree. 
The letter says: 
Dear Mr. President, 
We seniors of Gillette, Campbell County, 
Wyoming, want to send you this Christmas ornament that reflects the support of many programs in our community. Without the coal and oil industries, Campbell County would not have such a wonderful school sys-tem or the outstanding programs for seniors. The Campbell County Senior Center provides hot lunches for seniors Monday through Fri-day and serves about 100 (or more) every day. It also offers numerous other activities such as ceramics, painting, exercise classes, social activities, computer classes, day trips to local points of interest, and assistance in completing forms for government programs. We feel the Campbell County Senior Center is the Cadillac of all senior centers. 
The coal and oil industries not only sup-
port Campbell County but they support the whole State of Wyoming. Much of the tax dollars generated by the coal and oil indus-tries are distributed throughout Wyoming. 
When your administration tries so hard to close down these industries, it not only af-fects the thousands of families in Campbell County but it affects the whole state. Al-though we realize there are valid concerns about global warming and environmental issues in our country, we want to testify that the coal and oil industries in our county are environmentally conscience and they work hard to beautify the land here. 
The people of Wyoming not only receive 
but they also give freely. If there is anyone in need here, the people step forward and give their time, talents, and resources. If every state in this country would give as Wyoming does, there wouldn’t be any hunger or homelessness. 
We have enclosed some photos to show you 
a few of the programs offered to children, seniors, and families in Campbell County. We ask that you please take the time to look at them. We would also like to invite you to visit Campbell County to see the wonderful community we have. Visit our open-pit coal mines and our oil industry along with the various forms of wildlife that share this land. 
Thank you for taking the time to listen to 
the concerned seniors of Gillette, Wyoming. 
May God Bless You and Your Family! 
The letter is dated November 17, 2015. 
At the end of the letter is a list of a number of the seniors who signed the letter. I ask unanimous consent that their names be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Thomas W. Procket, Sheryl Matthews, 
Nancy Pauluson, Rollie G. Banks, Zaigie Setterling, Marlene Jones, Debbie S. Schofield, Jeff Ketterling, Buede Jones, James Osborne, Camel A. Lipne, Naima Appel, Jim & Eseelle Hanson, Marian Neuge-bauer, Colleen Neese, Joann Gilliertson, Betty Lou Anderson, Norm Bennett, Marie Mortellaro, John P. McClellam, Mary Jo Younglund, Bradley Shane Anderson, Marie Tarno, Margret Chase, Barbara Rognnae, Laura Kerry, Bernie A. Darson, Bonnie Z. Namor, June Keeney, Kerolyn S. Jones, Allie Bratton. 
Janel Laubach, I C. Hecht, Rhyllis Rae 
Alldekoven, Cathy Raney, Barbara 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.047 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8717 December 16, 2015 
Leastmen, Patsy K. Drume, Susan Burke, 
Fred C. Smiley, Betty Beesley, Mary Ann Bourne, Renee Davis, Mary Frances Reest, Judy G. Deters, Andrew W. Deters, Glorienera H. Ceven, Lucille Gaungen, Belle Demple, Maria Case, Raymond Case, Bill & Elaine Sharpe, Rose & Fred Schave, Lloyd Derrick, J.W. Keeflang, Ruth Steffen, Gladys Pridgeon, John A. Hart, Fays Coleman. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I have 
taken a closer look at the ornament that they gave me to give to the Presi-dent. We are not only the energy cap-ital of Wyoming, but we are also the 
energy capital of the Nation. We produce 40 percent of the Nation’s coal, and the reason we produce 40 percent of the Nation’s coal is that this coal is cleaner than anywhere else. Powder River Basin coal is lower in sulfur and other chemicals, and they have even found ways to improve the way it oper-ates. If some of the money from the De-partment of Energy were used as an in-centive for cleaning up coal, it could be done much better. 
Our university, again using money 
from the energy business, is also work-ing on a few projects. One of them is to use solar power to separate hydrogen out of water and burn the hydrogen with coal to make it burn better and cleaner. 
We have five powerplants in my 
county, and we love to talk people into coming to Campbell County. We are successful at getting senior staffers, from both Republican and Democratic offices, to come each year to take a look at what it is like in that part of the country. The biggest comment that all of them make as they leave is that they had no idea that it could be that clean. They thought the coal mines would be dirty. 
I ran into that when I went to the 
first global warming conference in Japan. I went there early, as the nego-tiations were starting, and I guess I was one of the first people to show up in a suit, so people were leaping over tables and everything to interview me. I usually don’t do that. I ask what their circulation is in Wyoming, and of course in Japan it was zero, so I didn’t do any interviews. But one of the big papers in Tokyo was so interested that I wouldn’t do an interview that they sent a reporter to Wyoming. They called first and asked if it would be OK if he came and traveled with me for a day. I said that it would be fine as long as he also visited a coal mine and pow-erplant. 
He came and traveled with me, and 
he had no idea of the distances that we have between the few people that we have in Wyoming. We are the least pop-ulated State in the Nation. He also fol-lowed through on visiting the coal mine and powerplant. Again, he had the same comment. He couldn’t believe it could be done so cleanly and so well. 
In the early days of the coal mines 
coming in, people said they would never able to reclaim that land because we have such low moisture in Wyo-ming. We are actually considered high desert. In fact, the eastern part of that State has the most desert. God didn’t 
put anything above the ground. He put it all under the ground, and part of it is coal under 80 feet of dirt, which is considered nothing in the coal mining business. So we have been able to mine the coal with this open pit and to re-claim it. 
Now it is fun to take people out to 
see one of these mines because when you get to it, they say: Don’t let them tear up that part over there. We say: That is where the mine used to be. This is where it is going to be. They then say: Oh, go ahead and tear that up be-cause it looks better after they put ev-erything back in its place. 
It could be done better yet, but there 
are some requirements in the reclama-tion that it has to be put back the way that it was, and that puts some con-straints on it. Nobody would move mil-lions of tons of dirt on a farm or ranch and put it back exactly the way it was, down to where the rocks are placed. 
We have a product that is used na-
tionally and that the Chinese would like to use. Did you know that during the Olympic games in China they had to fire out rockets that would go to a fairly high altitude and then spread out some chemicals that would clean the air so that it would look nice on television? They are extremely inter-ested in getting Campbell County coal shipped to them so they can burn that in their powerplants and clean their air. 
It is the least expensive form of en-
ergy there is, and I am talking about just one of the forms of energy. We also have oil, which results in natural gas and coalbed methane. This little sym-bol is a uranium symbol. We also produce most of the Nation’s uranium in our county. That could be used more extensively to provide clean power and as a source for agriculture as well, in-cluding raising bison. 
So I wanted to share this Christmas 
ornament with all of my colleagues and echo what the seniors have said and suggest that America is the most inno-vative country in the world and if we have a problem, we can solve it. A lit-tle bit of incentive can go a long way. We are an inventive country. A little bit of incentive has gone a long way a lot of times. 
We actually have had some private 
companies that are talking about re-stocking the space station. We have the plane that was powered by bicycle pedals that crossed the English Chan-nel. If we can do those sorts of things, there is no limit to what can be done. 
We have to quit discouraging inven-
tiveness and encourage the use of the resources we have. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business for such time as I con-sume, not to exceed 30 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. OMNIBUS SPENDING BILL 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I rise 
to address the 2,000-page, trillion-dol-lar-plus, year-end omnibus spending bill—drafted behind closed doors, away from public view, with only a limited number of people involved. Members of the Senate and Members of the House were unaware of what deals were being cut and what decisions were being made. I believe it contains provisions that will cause material harm to Amer-ican workers—I just do—and to mat-ters involving this legislation that I have worked on for years. I am very disappointed. Actually, I am deeply disappointed. 
This bill contains dramatic changes 
to Federal immigration law that would increase, by as much as four-fold, the number of low-wage foreign workers provided to employers under the con-troversial H–2B visa program. It has been a matter of controversy for a number of years. It has been added to this bill without hearings and without an open process in the Senate. These foreign workers are brought in exclu-sively to fill blue-collar, low-wage, nonfarm jobs—not agricultural jobs—in hotels and in restaurants and on con-struction sites, in amusement parks, landscaping, truck driving, and in many other occupations—jobs being sought by millions of Americans around this country. Millions are tak-ing those jobs every day. 
When we go into hotels and res-
taurants, are not Americans doing those jobs? H–2B workers are supposed to be here to fill seasonal jobs that Americans allegedly ‘‘won’t do.’’ That is what they say—those who want more, cheaper labor. 
Even those they are supposed to be 
temporary positions, foreign H–2B workers are allowed to bring their spouses and their children with them— which, of course, results in costs being incurred by local communities, hos-pitals, and schools across the country. Although the alien’s spouse and chil-dren are not supposed to work in the United States, I don’t think anyone is under the illusion that this administra-tion has any intention—or previous ones, for that matter—to do anything to stop them from working if they want to, nor will they be deported if they violate the terms of their employ-ment, nor will they be removed if they overstay the visa they have been given. 
Hotels have good jobs. Construction 
has good jobs. As to landscaping, there is a group that does my lawn in Ala-bama. Three African-American men come out and work on our lawn in a fairly short period of time, using good equipment. The head person is in his 40s and had 20 years in the Army. What do people mean that Americans won’t do this work? 
At a time of record immigration, we 
do not appreciate the scope of it. We al-ready have the highest number of for-eign-born individuals in American his-tory. We are not against immigration. Immigration is a positive thing—prop-erly conducted. Good people come into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.019 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8718 December 16, 2015 
America. But we are at record levels 
both in total numbers and, in a few years, the highest percentage of for-eign-born in America will be reached, and it will continue thereafter. So is it any wonder that 83 percent of the elec-torate wants immigration either frozen or reduced? 
The Republican-led Congress is about 
to deliver the President a fourfold in-crease in one of the most controversial foreign worker programs we have. In fact, it is a much larger version of a proposal that was contained in the Gang of 8 comprehensive immigration bill that was rejected by the American people and the House of Representa-tives just 2 years ago. The result is higher unemployment and lower wages for Americans. The free market con-trols—more labor, lower wage; more labor, less job opportunity. It is indis-putable. 
The Economic Policy Institute has 
noted: ‘‘Wages were stagnant or declin-ing for workers in all of the top 15 H– 2B occupations between 2004 and 2014,’’ and ‘‘unemployment rates increased in all but one of the top 15 H–2B occupa-tions between 2004 and 2014, and all 15 occupations averaged a very high un-employment rate . . . Flat and declin-ing wages, coupled with such high un-employment rates over such a long pe-riod of time, suggests a loose labor market and an over-supply of workers rather than an under supply.’’ 
I think that is a fact. Our free mar-
ket friends ought to understand that. 
It is worth noting that the civilian 
labor force participation rate is cur-rently at around 62.5 percent, a low that we have not seen in nearly four decades. Labor participation rate means the percentage of workers in the working ages that actually have a job. It is the lowest rate we have had in four decades. 
Nevertheless, despite this low labor 
force participation rate, this provision in the omnibus bill would exempt from the statutory limit, which is now 66,000 H–2B workers a year—any worker who was present in the United States dur-ing the three previous years. Thus, in-stead of 66,000 foreign workers, the bill would allow up to 264,000 foreign work-ers to be present in the United States on H–2B visas. That is over a quarter of a million low-wage, low-skilled work-ers brought in to occupy blue-collar jobs. That may be good for certain businesses that now have a large num-ber of workers, because they don’t have to raise wages and change working con-ditions and raise benefits to attract and keep workers. They can just bring in people from abroad who are thankful to get any good cash-income job at lower wages. 
This is bad for struggling American 
workers trying to get by and take care of their families. It is particularly bad, as economist after economist has shown, for minorities, including Afri-can Americans and Hispanics, and re-cent immigrants who are here lawfully looking to try to get a little better wage with a little better retirement 
and health care benefits. This is going to help them? Give me a break. 
On top of this provision, this omni-
bus bill approves, without any condi-tions—the President’s request for in-creased refugee admissions, allowing him to bring in as many refugees as he wants. He can do that. It is hard to be-lieve, but he is allowed to do so. He simply has to notify Congress of how many he intends to admit. He can bring them from anywhere he wants and allow them access to unlimited welfare and entitlements at the tax-payers’ expense, which is not scored as a cost. 
At the Subcommittee on Immigra-
tion and the National Interest that I 
chair, we had an official from Health and Human Services who testified that 75 percent of the refugees are self-sus-taining within 180 days. But my staff helped me to ask the follow-up ques-tion. What we found was that means Health and Human Services is no longer giving them refugee money, but that other kinds of welfare don’t count against them. But 93 percent, we know, of immigrants from the Middle East between 2009 and 2013 are on food stamps, and 73 percent are on Medicaid or health care programs. And they may be there the rest of their lives. 
This is not being scored. This is why 
a country that is smart seeks to bring in people who have the greatest chance of being successful. 
Sure, some will do well, and many 
are wonderful people, and we have a tradition of that. I am just saying that we have a President with unlimited powers who has an agenda, and he is passing on the costs that are going to be to the detriment of working Ameri-cans for decades to come. 
So the risks associated with the ref-
ugee admissions program are signifi-cant. 
With respect to Syria, FBI Director 
James Comey repeatedly said that we simply do not have the ability to vet refugees from Syria. Testifying before the House Committee on Homeland Se-curity in October, he said: 
We can only query against that which we 
have collected. So if someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their inter-ests reflected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home, but we are not going to. There will be nothing to show up because we have no record on that person. 
Well, that is absolutely correct. Of 
course, that is correct. But they tried to tell us in Committee that we are going to do biometric checks. So I pro-ceeded to ask repeatedly, and finally, after the most difficult time, they ac-knowledged they have no database in Syria to check biometrics against. It is not like the United States: If you are caught by the police, they take your fingerprints, and they can tell whether you were convicted in Maine, Alabama, or California. It is in the computer sys-tem. They don’t have that in Syria. So that was a misrepresentation, an at-tempt to mislead and create false con-
fidence in the American people that we have an ability to vet people coming here from Syria—an ability we don’t have. The FBI Director honestly and directly stated that. 
Any claims made by others that refu-
gees in the United States never engage in acts of terrorism are demonstrably false. Just a few weeks ago, I identified a list of at least 12 individuals who were admitted to the United States as refugees, but who have been implicated in terrorism in the last year alone. 
We found out there may be more, and 
probably they are under investigation right now. In fact, the FBI has said there is a terrorism investigation in every single State in America. These terrorists, for example, are from Soma-lia, Bosnia, Kenya and Uzbekistan. They came in different stages in their lives. Some were admitted as children, others as adults. Yet they all turn their backs on this country after being welcomed here as refugees. 
This is not made up. It is a real prob-
lem. The American people want some action. They would like to see Congress and this Administration respond, espe-cially, and they are rightly angered and upset with their elected represent-atives and their President for not tak-ing sufficient action. 
I, along with my colleague Senator 
S
HELBY and others in the House, asked 
for inclusion of specific language in this omnibus bill that would protect the interests of the American people, that would reassert the constitutional role of Congress in establishing a uni-form system of immigration, that would require the identification of off-setting cuts in Federal spending to pay for the refugee admission program. But none of that was included in the omni-bus bill. 
I doubt they ever spent a minute 
looking at a letter from two Senators. As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest, I sent appropriators a list of several dozen provisions for inclusion in our funding bills to improve immigration enforcement and to block Presidential overreach and lawlessness, including among other things, provisions to defund sanctuary cities. 
Why should we be funding and pro-
viding Federal law enforcement money to cities that won’t cooperate with the Federal Government in its most basic responsibility of respect and comity between these various Federal and State agencies. It goes on every day. But we are being blocked in sanctuary city after sanctuary city. 
Also, I asked the appropriators to 
prevent visas from being issued to na-tionals of countries that refuse to take back their criminals. This is impor-tant. My former colleague Senator Specter offered a bill for a number of things. It would bar admission for cer-tain visas for nationals of countries that won’t take back their people who have been in the United States. It is a fundamental principle of immigration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.052 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8719 December 16, 2015 
law worldwide that if you admit a per-
son from a foreign country, when their visa is up, they go home. Their visa is up if they commit a crime, and they are to be sent back home; they are to be deported. 
But country after country is refusing 
to take back their convicted criminals. I guess they figure: ‘‘Why don’t you keep our criminals for us?’’ But that is 
not what the law is, and we are stuck with them in jails. We have to pay for their housing. After 6 months, absent certain circumstances, the Supreme Court says they generally have to be released. It’s possible that if an alien files a habeas petition that the govern-ment will have to go to court and have hearing with a judge. This is driving up costs, using incredible amounts of hours. We shouldn’t tolerate it one minute. There is no reason that this government shouldn’t act—which the law will now allow and directly says they should do—to refuse to issue visas to a country that won’t take back their criminals. They refuse to do it. There is additional legislation that would force that, and we could have done it in this bill. It should have bipartisan sup-port. 
I also asked for language in the bill 
to defund the unlawful, improper Exec-utive amnesty. The President’s actions are unlawful. We don’t have to fund his unlawful activity. There is no duty on behalf of Congress to acquiesce and provide money to people to work in a big building in Crystal City to process millions of people in the country ille-gally for amnesty because the Presi-dent now says: ‘‘I am just going to let them stay.’’ It has been blocked for the most part by a Federal court, but there is nothing in the bill to expressly defund it. 
I asked for legislation to protect 
American workers against abuses in the H–1B program. This is where Southern California Edison had a pro-gram. They brought in 500 foreign workers from India in some sort of con-tract deal, had the American workers who had been at Edison doing com-puter work for years train the new workers, and then ended up termi-nating the Americans and replacing them with those from abroad. How can anyone say there was a shortage of workers? The same was done by Dis-ney. Senator N
ELSON of Florida and I 
introduced legislation to fix that. I have introduced legislation with Sen-ator C
RUZ and supported legislation 
from Senator G RASSLEY to fix this pro-
gram. None of that has been included in this bill. Why not? 
I asked for an expansion of the 287(g) 
program that allows Federal law en-forcement officials and officers to as-sist with enforcing our immigration law. This was a good program. It had been on the books. President Bush fi-nally began to expand it. They train local law officers for weeks at a time, and they become extensions of Federal law enforcement officers to help iden-tify and process people who are unlaw-fully in the country and who have been 
apprehended—a very good program that had good results. This Obama Ad-ministration has eviscerated it. It is less than half of what it was. It should have been expanded all over America, if you actually want the law enforced in this country. But if you don’t want the law enforced in America, you kill a program like 287(g). Did the appropri-ators put in the omnibus bill anything 
to deal with that abuse? No. 
We put in language that would pre-
vent illegal aliens from receiving tax credits. This is unbelievable. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Ad-ministration from President Obama’s own Treasury Department has done an analysis of this and urged that it be fixed. People come to America ille-gally, with children somewhere around the world. They don’t have a Social Se-
curity number. They use an ITIN iden-tification document—which was in-tended for executives. They use that, and they file a tax return. They don’t pay taxes because their income is low, but they get a tax credit based on chil-dren that are not even in the country. 
How abusive is that? I understand 
this was rejected and was not in the omnibus bill because President Obama didn’t want it. So he gets to dictate what is in a congressional bill that I think would have 90-percent support by the American people if they understood how significant it was? That is a dif-ferent figure, but it is an abusive, im-proper tax credit. 
So all of these provisions were re-
jected by the bill supporters. 
But industry’s request for more for-
eign workers was granted—uncondi-tionally approved. So I asked about this provision. I heard it might be under consideration, so I asked about it. I said: ‘‘The American people don’t want a fourfold increase in immigra-tion. I know there are some special in-terests pushing for this. I have heard that. Tell me it is not so.’’ I was told it wasn’t so. But last night—this morning at 2 a.m.—when the bill was produced, it was in there. So I am not happy about it, colleagues. I don’t see how we can operate around here if we can’t rely on representations. 
Because of this bill, sanctuary cities 
will continue to get Federal funds, the Obama Administration can continue issuing visas to countries that refuse to repatriate their criminal aliens, and the President’s Executive amnesty con-tinues. 
Meanwhile, the tax bill that will be 
moved with the omnibus bill makes permanent the Additional Child Tax Credit and the Earned Income Tax Credit, but it does nothing to block their future distribution to illegal aliens. A tax credit to a person who doesn’t pay taxes is a check from the government. It is not a tax deduction; it is a direct payment. It scores as a welfare benefit. This means more ille-gal aliens will continue to get tax cred-its. It should be stopped. 
As I feared, the ultimate effect—and 
I have expressed concern about this for some months now—is that this bill will 
fund the President’s entire lawless im-migration agenda. The only real bill we have to provide an opportunity to leg-islate and fix some of these things is a big omnibus bill. And what does it do? It funds essentially the President’s en-tire agenda. 
In fact, the omnibus spending bill 
will ensure that at least—for example, we have had discussions about the Mid-dle East. People argue that we are not letting in enough people from the Mid-dle East, and that we shouldn’t talk about a pause. But under this bill it would ensure that at least 170,000 green cards—that means permanent resi-dency with a guaranteed path to citi-zenship—and refugee and asylee ap-provals will be issued to migrants from Muslim countries just over the next 12 months. We are very generous about this, and it is very difficult to know if we are managing this properly, except that we know it is not being safely monitored, and the FBI Director has told us so. 
This bill even fails to address sub-
stantial problems with the EB–5 invest-ment visa program, problems that some of my colleagues have worked for months to resolve. The problems with this program have been documented by the Government Accountability Office and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Inspector General, not the least of which are issues related to fraud and national security. We can fix that pro-gram. We need to do it. This would have been a good opportunity. 
For years the American people have 
suffered under the lawless, dangerous, and wage-reducing immigration poli-cies of this administration. They sent us here to Washington to protect their interests, to protect the people’s inter-ests, to ensure the defense of their fam-ilies, and to advance the common good—the public interest. They did not send us here to bow down to the Presi-dent’s lawless immigration policies, nor to line the pockets of special inter-ests in big business. That is not what we are here for. 
Whom do we represent? 
This bill explains why Republican 
and Democratic voters are in open re-bellion, as former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich said recently—open re-bellion. They elected people whom they believed were going to take action to protect their security, their jobs, and their wages. And what do they get? A bill that is worse than current law. It goes in the opposite direction—no won-der people are upset. 
This legislation represents a further 
disenfranchisement of the American voter. What does a vote mean in this country? At a time when hundreds of thousands of criminal aliens are on our streets, criminal aliens are killing in-nocent Americans, numerous foreign- born individuals are implicated in ter-rorism, tens of thousands of aliens from Central America continue to stream across our southern border, countless Americans are being replaced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.054 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8720 December 16, 2015 
by foreign workers and forced to train 
their replacements, and millions of Americans are just struggling to get by, this Congress has chosen to make things worse. 
We need to remember whom we rep-
resent and whom our duty is to. Our duty is to voters, the American people, not the interests of businesses, activist groups, and that kind of thing. 
I appreciate the opportunity to share 
these remarks. I have been very firm about my statements here, but I am very unhappy about this bill. I do not believe this is the kind of legislation we should be moving. It was not moved in the normal process on the floor of the Senate, where amendments could be offered and a bill could be studied over months of time before final pas-sage, perhaps. So with regret and a good deal of frustration, I urge my col-leagues to oppose and reject this pro-posal. 
I would also just mention one more 
thing, and then I will wrap up. Senator S
HELBY and I wrote a letter to the Ap-
propriations Committee on November 16, asking for Congress to assume its constitutional duty ensuring immigra-tion laws are uniform by approving the number of refugees who come to Amer-ica, and not leave that as an open- ended power given to the President, who can execute it in an arbitrary manner. 
We also said that no benefits should 
be provided to future refugees until the Congressional Budget Office submits a score—a simple report on the cost of this program. How long would it take? Not that long. Don’t we need to have a score, a cost number? 
We also asked that no refugees be ad-
mitted until the Department of Home-land Security submits a report on ter-rorist and criminal refugees. 
None of those provisions were in-
cluded in any of the legislation before us. I think all of those are logical. 
I also previously wrote letters asking 
for other provisions, such as prohib-iting funds for lawsuits against States that are trying to help enforce immi-gration laws, to bar funds for attorneys for illegal aliens through these grant programs that are being utilized. Fun-damentally, it has never been the re-sponsibility of the Federal Government to prepare and provide free attorneys for people who have entered the coun-try illegally. It never has been the law. 
I also asked that no funds be pro-
vided for sanctuary cities. 
I asked for language that prohibited 
funds for Executive amnesty policies; that prohibited funds for the DACA Program; that there would be no spend-ing of funds in the Immigration Exami-nations Fee Account for anything other than naturalization and immi-gration benefits provided by Congress. 
I asked for language that would bar 
funds for salaries of political ap-pointees or other employees who direct employees to violate the law. Why should we be paying people who direct their own subordinates to violate fun-damental provisions of immigration 
law? 
I asked for language that would pre-
vent funds from being used to grant ‘‘prosecutorial discretion’’ to aliens in removal proceedings, no funds for an extension of Temporary Protected Sta-tus unless approved by Congress, and no funds to continue the Administra-tion’s abuse of the parole authority. We shouldn’t be funding these abusive practices that undermine the certainty of immigration laws. 
I asked for language to prohibit funds 
to grant H–1B visas to companies that have replaced American workers. I asked for restrictions on the issuance of Employment Authorization Docu-ments, and that no funds be used to add new countries to the Visa Waiver Pro-gram until implementation of a bio-metric exit system. 
This bill does direct some money to a 
biometric exit system, which, if this Administration would act, would begin to do something significant. But they have resisted what the 9/11 Commission has said we must have. When people come into the country, they are checked in, they are fingerprinted, and they are biometrically identified, but nobody checks if they left. So you can come into America on a visa and never go home. This is why almost half of the people illegally in America today came lawfully on a visa. They just didn’t re-turn when they were supposed to. 
I asked for money to establish—nota-
bly, there has been an advocacy unit in U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement in the past to protect illegal immigrants and give them all kinds of additional rights—an advocacy unit for victims of immigrant crimes. 
I asked for others, too. I would just say that I, and others, 
have raised a series of important issues that need to be fixed, and would re-ceive, if understood by the American people, 90 percent support. Senator G
RASSLEY , chairman of the Judiciary 
Committee—of which my Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest, is a part—has also been active in these things. It is a deep dis-appointment that this last piece of leg-islation that could make some im-provement in a number of these issues will do nothing of significance, but it will increase by four-fold the number of low-skilled, low-wage workers allowed to enter this country from 66,000 to 264,000. They will pull down wages and reduce the job prospects of struggling Americans. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. WILDFIRE PROVISIONS IN THE 
OMNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
most of us are busy today reviewing the contents of the Omnibus appropria-tions bill that was released late last night—actually, early this morning. I come to the floor this afternoon with my colleague from Washington, the ranking member on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, to speak about the wildfire provisions. More specifically, I am here to explain why Congress chose not to accept a flawed proposal from the administra-tion and really, I think, to be here to give hope and optimism about a path forward for next year. 
I think it goes without saying that 
our Nation’s wildfire epidemic is a seri-ous challenge that demands attention from each one of us. Each year the wildfire season seems to include new ‘‘worsts’’ and shattered records, and 2015 has been particularly devastating. It seems as though we didn’t have a wildfire season; we’ve had a wildfire year. We all know that we have seen too much acreage burn, too many west-ern communities have suffered damage, and, tragically, lives have been lost. 
According to the National Inter-
agency Fire Center, more than 9.4 mil-lion acres of our country had burned through October 30 of this year. In Alaska, where most of these fires occur, we lost over 5 million acres dur-ing this period. For perspective, that is about the size of the State of Con-necticut. That is what we saw burn in Alaska alone this year. 
Those of us whose States are im-
pacted by wildfire started this year in agreement that the way wildfire man-agement has been funded is broken; and that it is past time we fix it. We know we can’t continue to underfund fire suppression, only then to scramble to borrow money to fight fires—and all this while the fires are many times burning out of control. We know that we need to end this very disruptive and unsustainable cycle of fire borrowing, which drains funds from other pro-
grams as agencies desperately seek re-sources. I think this fire borrowing concept is one area where we have all been able to come together, whether it is those within the agencies or those of us looking to address policy, the appro-priators. We have to figure out how we are going to stop the fire borrowing that goes on within the various ac-counts in an effort to respond to these wildfires. 
Earlier this year, as the chairman of 
the Interior-Environment Appropria-tions Subcommittee, I set out to fix this very broken system. Under my di-rection, our committee reported a bill to do just that. The Interior appropria-tions bill included a permanent, fis-cally responsible fix for fire borrowing. It would have provided resources to the agencies up front—enough funding to fully cover the average annual cost of firefighting over the past 10 years— while allowing for a limited cap adjust-ment in have truly catastrophic fire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.055 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8721 December 16, 2015 
years. The bill simultaneously in-
creased funding for fire prevention ef-forts and took steps also to return to active forest management. 
We thought this was not only a sound 
approach to address the fire borrowing but also the forest management issues that so many of us are concerned about. Unfortunately, we ran into a wall with the House of Representa-tives. They wouldn’t accept the lan-guage because of its limited cap adjust-ment. Instead, we worked across Cham-bers within the Appropriations Com-mittee to provide an unprecedented level of funding to address wildfire in this omnibus. 
As I said, I am still going through 
the omnibus myself and trying to fig-ure out whether to support the overall bill. But I do think it is important to recognize and understand what we have included in this omnibus. The wildfire provisions are both responsible and pragmatic. It provides real money, right now and gives us the time to de-velop long term real solutions. The bill includes $1.6 billion for fire suppres-sion, which is $600 million over the av-erage cost of fighting wildfires over the past 10 years. It also includes $545 mil-lion for hazardous fuels reduction, and it includes $360 million for the Forest Service’s timber program, which will help us resume the active management of our forests. 
What we have in this omnibus bill is 
more funding for wildfires than was spent during the 2015 fire season—and, again, that was one of the most expen-sive fire seasons in history. When we think about what we have done, bar-ring a truly record-setting fire season in 2016, fire borrowing should not be an issue for us the rest of this fiscal year. We did this the right way—the way that Congress should deal with the gov-ernment’s responsibilities—by making cuts elsewhere to pay for this within the budget. Again, this is real money. This is money that will be available immediately because we have done this through the appropriations process. 
We have had many conversations— 
Senator C
ANTWELL and I and many in 
this body—with Members who were hoping to see a different proposal. The House had a proposal, colleagues here in the Senate had a proposal, and the administration had a proposal. They were hoping it could be factored into the omnibus, but for a number of rea-sons it was not included within the bill. 
The administration’s proposal would 
have amended the Stafford Act to ex-pand the purposes for emergency fund-ing for major disasters to include fight-ing wildfires on Federal lands. The House included a similar idea in a for-estry bill it passed earlier in the year. The irony here is that the Administra-tion came out very strongly against this back in July, just a few months ago. The President’s advisers issued a Statement of Administration Policy objecting to the repurposing of the Stafford Act and the use of the Dis-aster Relief Fund for wildfire suppres-
sion operations. 
In September, the director of FEMA 
wrote an opinion piece about this. He said that tapping the Disaster Relief Fund for wildfires would ‘‘undermine the federal government’s ability to budget for and fund responses to disas-ters, as well as to finance state and tribal public infrastructure recovery projects.’’ 
The Secretary of the Interior, the 
Secretary of Agriculture, and the head of the Office of Management and Budg-et echoed that concern in a letter where they said, ‘‘We do not believe that Congress should modify the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act as a means to address the escalating costs of wild-fire.’’ 
Yet here we are just a few months 
later, and the administration is now proposing to amend the Stafford Act. And after reviewing the proposal, it ap-pears to be nothing more than a work- around that still has serious problems. 
I think the first important reminder 
is that the Stafford Act itself is de-signed to provide Federal assistance to State, local, and tribal governments to alleviate disaster suffering and facili-tate recovery after a disaster has oc-curred. There is no precedent for ac-cessing it to provide emergency money for disasters on Federal lands. 
The second concern we have is that 
this proposal doesn’t actually end fire borrowing. What it does is create an account that is separate from the Dis-aster Relief Fund that is subject to ap-propriations, which means that it is now empty. That fund may be there, but there is nothing in it, and it could remain empty. There is no guarantee that appropriators will fund the ac-count or that the President will ever request funds for it. And if there are no funds in the account, then basically what we have to assume is that the agencies are going to have to borrow again. So we haven’t fixed the bor-rowing. 
We have an average of 68,000 fires 
each year. Under this proposal, each one could require a separate Presi-dential declaration once the initial ap-propriations run out. So we have to ask the question: How does this actually work? Does the Forest Service Chief have to estimate how much each fire is going to cost? What happens in the meantime while you have all these fires burning? Again, the agencies are going to be in a situation where they are going to be forced to fire borrow. 
Even if we assume that Federal dol-
lars will be appropriated to the fund envisioned by this proposal and that the President will make disaster dec-larations after he is asked to do so by Cabinet officials, we are still setting another troubling precedent. The ad-ministration will effectively be able to decide to give itself money under the Stafford Act. This is not like giving an individual money after they have suf-fered a disaster, a loss to their home or property; this is the administration 
being able to decide to give itself money. So the question is, is this real-ly something that we want to do? 
Finally, I think this proposal is a 
missed opportunity. It was supposed to be coupled with a set of productive for-est management reforms. What we saw is a good start. There are forest re-forms in there but there is not very much in this to get excited about for Alaska, where we have both a wildfire problem and a timber problem. The proposal also does too little to help our firefighters or our communities which are at physical risk from wildfires and economic risk from restrictions on timber harvesting. 
I am certainly not alone in this. 
Again, Senator C
ANTWELL has spoken 
very passionately on this issue—not only in committee but here on the floor. I am going to yield to her in just a moment. 
We heard from a representative from 
the International Association of Fire Chiefs, who said that ‘‘due to the rap-idly rising cost of wildland fire sup-pression, IAFC [the International Asso-ciation of Fire Chiefs] is concerned that the [Disaster Relief Fund] could run out of money as it is also used to address hurricanes, tornadoes, earth-quakes, and other emergencies.’’ 
We have also heard from a nonprofit 
organization called Firefighters United for Safety, Ethics, and Ecology. Their letter to congressional leaders observes that ‘‘allowing agencies to declare wildfires as disasters simply to access near-unlimited funding for suppression will undermine efforts that have been long in the making to shift agencies to-ward alternative proactive strategies in fire preparedness and planning, fuels reduction and forest restoration.’’ 
I want to find a solution to the fire- 
budgeting problem as much as anyone in this Chamber, but the proposal that surfaced during budget negotiations was not the right way to go. It was not developed in the open and transparent manner that we would hope, and it has not been fully vetted. It has drawn op-position not only from Members here but from outside groups whose mem-bers are on the ground actually fight-ing these fires. So the only solution was to do what we have done, which is fully fund firefighting within the budg-et that we were given. 
The omnibus is our path forward on 
wildfire funding for this year. It de-votes greater resources to fire preven-tion and hazardous fuels reduction and contains real money—not an empty ac-count—that will be available imme-diately. We can use the window it pro-vides to develop long-term solutions. 
This is where I want to give encour-
agement to other Members. I am com-mitted, as I know that Senator C
ANT-
WELL is, to working to address the 
longer term solutions to these issues. I am here today to affirm that wildfire management legislation will be a top priority for those of us on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee next year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.050 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8722 December 16, 2015 
I know we come at this from dif-
ferent perspectives, but that is OK. Let’s bring our different perspectives and work collaboratively with all Members to develop a commonsense bill that properly addresses the chal-lenges and concerns that Senator C
ANTWELL has articulated when it 
comes to active forest management, how we deal with our hazardous fuels, and how we work on the front end to prevent these catastrophic fires. We need to be working together toward these solutions, and I certainly make that commitment with my ranking member to advance early on in the New Year these provisions that I think will make a difference. 
I know Senator C
ANTWELL wants to 
be part of the solution here and she has played a great part as we have worked together to craft a solution in the com-mittee. With that, I know that from the Energy and Natural Resources Committee perspective, we have a lot on our plate. But I think that from my perspective as a Senator from Alaska, this is an issue that the people in my State feel very passionately about. 
I will ask Senator C
ANTWELL , as we 
deal with the pressing issues that are before us, is this an area where we can come together as an energy committee to address these very immediate con-cerns? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, re-
sponding to my colleague from Alas-ka—and I will make a longer statement in a second—I do want to thank her for her leadership, not just as chairwoman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, but also as the chair-woman of the Appropriations Interior subcommittee. 
Thank you for your detailing exactly 
why it is so important to have real money up front. You are right. For you and me and for many Western States, we have seen a change in fire habit, and we have seen probably two of the worst fire seasons our country has seen in many years and the fact that this year’s season may trump that. 
It is very important that we give the 
agencies the tools to address this issue and that we give them the tools now— not a guessing game, not how much they might get or how much they might borrow but how much they have now. I think the 50-percent increase is a recognition of how dire the situation is and makes sure that these commu-nities know that they get those re-sources. 
Yes, I wish to thank the chairwoman 
for allowing the committee to have a hearing. Senator B
ARRASSO partici-
pated at a very critical moment and at a very sad moment because it was just days after we learned that we lost fire-fighters in the central part of our State. 
I wish to say that she has had a com-
mittee hearing. We have had com-mittee hearings. My staff attended what was called the Wildfire and Us Summit. Many people in the central 
part of our State participated in that summit. Your question is, Is this im-portant to us? I think when you have a rain forest that catches on fire or you have parts of Alaska that have never burned that are up in smoke, you bet this is of critical importance to both our States and to many Western States. I thank you for the question and thank you for helping to get real resources on the table and a 50-percent increase over last year’s fire budget. Thank you. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
know that Senator C
ANTWELL has a 
longer statement that she would like to make at this point in time. 
I yield to Senator C
ANTWELL . 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague Senator M UR-
KOWSKI for her leadership on the Senate 
Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee, and I thank the Senator for her discussion on fighting wildfires in the United States of America. I think she gave a great rendition. My hat is off to appropriators. I can tell you this: What we need is real money, and that is what she has provided. I thank her for that. 
I thank her partner on the sub-
committee, Senator U
DALL from New 
Mexico. They worked together and had to provide a framework in which the omnibus reflects an appropriation that we will vote on later this week con-taining $1.6 billion for fire funding and fire suppression. That is $500 million more than last year. So I consider it a very good down payment. 
Congress has recognized that it is 
very important to provide funding for fire suppression and at sufficient levels so that agencies can address the issues of prevention and hazardous fuel reduc-tion. This is something. It is critically important. 
I am pleased that this is a very large 
increase in firefighting accounts this year. Besides the 50-percent increase in fire suppression, as my colleague men-tioned, there is $375 million in haz-ardous fuel reduction and new grants to local communities to decrease their fire hazards, additional fuel reduction projects such as controlled burns in our forests, and research on protecting homes during massive wildfires. 
This is critically important to my 
State, as they have implemented many programs over the last two seasons that they call ‘‘hasty response’’ or fuel reduction, where they have been able to show that certain treatments have actually been able to save communities and neighborhoods that have done such treatment. The challenge becomes this: How do you educate the rest of the community, the rest of the State, on the vital importance of doing this fuel reduction? It is very important that we continue this. 
I thank again the chairwoman of the 
Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee and the interior subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations on the fact that this is real money today, 
a 50-percent increase without the ne-cessity for a future declaration of dis-aster, without a future appropriations request, without pitting States against each other on every disaster, but pro-viding some predictability with this in-crease about how to move forward for the 2016 firefighting season. 
It is very important, as she men-
tioned, that we continue to focus on a variety of issues and resolutions: stop-ping the way that we continue to erode funds from other accounts while ensur-ing there are considerations of cost and oversight for large and expensive fires, integrating forest research to better prioritize where prevention money goes, increasing controlled burns on our Federal lands, ensuring personnel and equipment can operate seamlessly across jurisdictions during wildfires, funding community preparedness and FireWise activities, funding risk map-ping, providing technology on all large fires to ensure managers know in real time the location of the fires and of our firefighters, and upgrading our air tanker system. 
We saw a lot of this, and we heard a 
lot about our air tanker system during our committee hearings and that there was much more we could be doing. 
As to establishing surge capacity, we 
heard a lot from our local communities that joined in the fight and are more than willing to join in this effort of helping us fight wildfires, but we need to have the capacity and the training. 
As to ensuring communications, 
nothing was more frustrating in some of these wildfires than to have no broadband communication and yet to be in charge of all the evacuation for the region without the ability to com-municate to the people that needed to be evacuated. It is critically important that we have on-the-ground commu-nications systems available on day one. 
Doing preventative treatments when 
risks are low is a particular issue for our State. We want to make sure that we have cooperation in working with other agencies. We don’t want to do fire treatments when we are in drought conditions and high temperatures and dry, dry conditions, but when there are less risks. 
We want to do mapping to clearly 
identify where the risks are, and we want to use technology for safety and effectiveness, such as GPS and other systems that can be used from the air, and modifying the individual assist-ance program. I say that because var-ious communities that have been hard-est hit by our fires have been in rural communities, but the way the defini-tion works under our current law basi-cally has prejudice against a commu-nity if it is not dense enough to meet the current requirement. 
I wish to say that the ranking mem-
ber, myself, and probably even the Pre-siding Officer have very rural commu-nities that can be devastated by fires. That means an entire community that may be based on recreation or outdoors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.051 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8723 December 16, 2015 
or any kinds of outdoor activities could 
be so devastated and yet would be left without the resources, simply because they didn’t meet a population density number. To me, we need to address this because these communities are inte-gral parts of our larger United States and the economic stability of many of our States. 
We want to continue to make these 
improvements in our system. As I said, the chairwoman of the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee allowed sev-eral hearings to take place, and we want to continue the efforts in working with our colleagues to make sure that we are moving forward on this issue in providing all the resources that we can. 
I wish to address one issue, and that 
is that we are not going to get this overall solution by simply clearcutting large swaths of land in which we haven’t made the right assessments. I say that because we have had so many issues in the State of Washington where dangerous erosion has taken place in those circumstances, but it is clear that we all agree that massive fuel reduction does need to take place. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleague on that because there are many ways in which we can prevent and fight our national wildland fires. I look forward to working with Senator M
URKOWSKI , and I thank her for getting 
us real money—a 50-percent increase— that doesn’t require another declara-tion, doesn’t require a future event. It is there, and we can start using it. Let’s go to work with our colleagues in defining how we do hazardous fuel re-duction in the most aggressive way possible, giving our communities bet-ter tools to fight these fires in the fu-ture, and working to make sure that we have the best equipment and the best resources for those individuals who are fighting those fires. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
want to thank the Senator from Wash-ington for not only her comments here this evening but for her leadership and guidance in this area. When your State is hard hit by these disasters, you learn a lot. You learn a lot about what works in the process and, unfortunately, what doesn’t work. When you cannot get a cat to run a fire break because it doesn’t have the appropriate card or designation, people come to us and say: Well, that is crazy. And you have to agree; it is crazy. We can do better. When we are talking about the issue of wildland fire and management, it is this management piece that I really hope we can get to, because it is not just about throwing more money at the fires and hoping that we get it right. It is not only about ensuring that we prioritize and get it right with suppres-sion dollars, but also that we are work-ing aggressively to deal with the pre-vention, with hazardous fuels reduc-tion, with actively managing these issues. That is how we are going to be making the headway. That is where we 
need to be working collaboratively, whether you are from a very open, re-mote, and large State such as Alaska or whether you are a State that sees smaller fires that have a catastrophic impact on your local economies. I know that Senator C
ANTWELL has ar-
ticulated that very, very clearly within the committee. 
We have our work cut out in front of 
us. I worked on a statement that in-cluded no shortage of fire puns and needing to put a damper on this 10- alarm fire that was out there, but I de-cided that the issue of fire was not a joke or a laughing matter for anybody. 
We have a lot of work to do, and I am 
ready to do it. I am rolling up my sleeves and looking forward to a lot of cooperation from my colleagues as we address this very important priority. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MAKING FURTHER CONTINUING 
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.J. Res. 78, which was re-ceived from the House; that the joint resolution be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the resolu-tion with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the joint resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 78) making 
further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. 
The joint resolution was ordered to a 
third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate on the joint resolution? 
If not, the joint resolution having 
been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 78) 
was passed. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the major-ity leader be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Wednesday, December 16. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NEW ZEALAND 
AMBASSADOR MICHAEL MOORE 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, my 
friend Chairman H ATCH and I rise today 
to offer our sincere gratitude to Am-bassador Michael Moore of New Zea-land who is returning to his home country after more than 5 years here in Washington and a long, successful ca-reer as a beloved public servant. 
With roots as a union organizer, he 
rose to become Prime Minister of New Zealand and later served as a Director- General of the World Trade Organiza-tion. He dedicated much of his career to the belief that freer trade can help address some of the most intractable challenges facing impoverished people around the globe. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I am 
happy to join my friend and Finance Committee colleague in expressing our gratitude to Ambassador Moore. Here in Washington, he witnessed the pas-sage of three trade agreements, as well as historic trade legislation earlier this year that reflects many of the values he fought to instill in global trade pol-icy. Ambassador Moore was always there with advice and good counsel as we navigated difficult waters, and his irrepressible spirit and good humor will be sorely missed. 
Mr. WYDEN. As they say in New Zea-
land, ‘‘He tangeta, he tangeta, he tangeta,’’ which translated from the Maori language roughly means, ‘‘peo-ple are the most important thing.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING THE WILDY 
FAMILY 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to congratulate the Wildy fam-ily for being named the 2015 Arkansas Farm Family of the Year. 
This honor recognizes the dedication 
of Wildy Family Farms and David and Patty Wildy to Arkansas’s No. 1 indus-try. 
The Wildy family settled in Mis-
sissippi County in 1914 and has been on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.058 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8724 December 16, 2015 
the same farm since 1938. David has de-
voted his life to farming, spending his childhood on the farm, and his passion has been passed down to his children. Wildy Family Farms is a fifth-genera-tion farm. His father and grandfather both earned the Arkansas Master Farm Family award. Being named the Arkan-sas Farm Family of the Year has been a longtime dream for David. 
David and Patty oversee 9,200 acres 
of land where they grow soybeans, cot-ton, wheat, milo, and peanuts. The Wildys are committed to being good stewards of the environment. Energy and water conservation play a major role in the business. Using a private en-vironmental audit process to protect the condition of the land, Wildy Fam-ily Farms is able to meet and improve its conservation goals and the stand-ards established for environmentally responsible practices. 
David is a leader in Arkansas agri-
culture. He served as a member of the Mississippi County Farm Bureau board of directors for 7 years, presiding as president in 1986. In addition, he served on the Arkansas Agriculture Depart-ment board from 2005–2010 and is a member of the St. Francis Levee Dis-trict board of directors, the University of Arkansas Agriculture Development Council, and several other boards and associations. 
The Arkansas Farm Bureau’s Farm 
Family of the Year program honors farm families across the State for their outstanding work both on their farms and in their communities. This rec-ognition is a reflection of the contribu-tion to agriculture at the community and State level and its implications for improved farm practices and manage-ment. The Wildy family is well deserv-ing of this honor. 
I congratulate David and Patty as 
well as other partners, which includes their sons and daughters Justin and Kristi Wildy, Tab and Taylor Wildy, Hayley Wildy and Paul and Bethany Harris, on their outstanding achieve-ments in agriculture and ask my fellow colleagues to join me in honoring them for this accomplishment. I wish them continued success in the Farmer of the Year program and look forward to the contributions they will continue to offer Arkansas agriculture. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEFF SAYER 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-
league Senator J IMRISCH joins me 
today in expressing our gratitude to Jeff Sayer, a great Idahoan and public servant. We honor Jeff’s contributions over the past few years as he transi-tions from State service. 
Jeff Sayer has served honorably as 
the State of Idaho director of the De-partment of Commerce since October 2011. During his 4 years of service at the Department of Commerce, Jeff ac-complished many important objectives. They include the reorganization of the department, making it leaner and more responsive to business. Jeff likes to say that he wants a department that 
‘‘moves at the speed of business,’’ and he was successful in meeting that goal. Jeff launched the Idaho Global Entre-preneurial Mission and established the Idaho Opportunity Fund, as well as Idaho’s Tax Reimbursement Incentive that resulted in 4,047 new jobs, $496 million in new capital investments, $1.65 billion in total wages, and $288 million in new State revenue. These are just some of the impressive accom-plishments of the Department of Com-merce under the direction of Jeff Sayer. 
Jeff’s leadership of the Governor’s 
Leadership in Nuclear Energy, or LINE, Commission is equally impor-tant. Jeff started this commission, led it through a complete review of the State’s role in supporting nuclear en-ergy and Idaho National Laboratory, and oversaw the completion of a final report that is still helping guide pol-icymakers in Idaho and Washington, DC. 
While we congratulate Jeff on being 
presented with an outstanding oppor-tunity to return to the private sector, we are saddened to be losing his leader-ship and talents in State government. We wish Jeff and his wife, Laurel, well in their new endeavor and look forward to still leaning on Jeff for guidance and wisdom on a frequent basis. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting a nomination which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
(The message received today is print-
ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:06 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following joint resolutions, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.J. Res. 76. Joint resolution appointing 
the day for the convening of the second ses-sion of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress. 
H.J. Res. 78. Joint resolution making fur-
ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 102. Concurrent resolution 
providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President. ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:09 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2270. An act to redesignate the 
Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Ref-uge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the wildlife ref-uge, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 6:37 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.J. Res. 78. Joint resolution making fur-
ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled joint resolution was 
subsequently signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCON-
NELL ). 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: 
S. 329. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic 
Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–182). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: 
S. 556. A bill to protect and enhance oppor-
tunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–183). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: 
S. 782. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park (Rept. No. 114–184). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1583. A bill to authorize the expansion of 
an existing hydroelectric project (Rept. No. 114–185). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: 
S. 1592. A bill to clarify the description of 
certain Federal land under the Northern Ari-zona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National Forest (Rept. No. 114–186). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1694. A bill to amend Public Law 103–434 
to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–187). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.037 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8725 December 16, 2015 
S. 1941. A bill to authorize, direct, expe-
dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–188). 
S. 1942. A bill to require a land conveyance 
involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colo-rado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114– 189). 
S. 2046. A bill to authorize the Federal En-
ergy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric li-cense for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–190). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: 
S. 2069. A bill to amend the Omnibus Pub-
lic Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon (Rept. No. 114–191). 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: 
S. 2083. A bill to extend the deadline for 
commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project (Rept. No. 114–192). 
H.R. 373. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Sec-retary for good Samaritan search-and-recov-ery missions, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–193). 
H.R. 1324. A bill to adjust the boundary of 
the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–194). 
H.R. 1554. A bill to require a land convey-
ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–195). 
H.R. 2223. A bill to authorize, direct, expe-
dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–196). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ): 
S. 2406. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Federal Aviation Administration to review certain decisions to grant categorical exclusions for Next Generation flight proce-dures and to consult with the airports at which such procedures will be implemented; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 2407. A bill to posthumously award the 
Congressional Gold Medal to each of J. Christopher Stevens, Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, and Sean Smith in recognition of their contributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 2408. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Labor to issue an occupational safety and health standard to reduce injuries to pa-tients, nurses, and all other health care workers by establishing a safe patient han-dling, mobility, and injury prevention stand-ard, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 2409. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for hospital outpatient depart-ment services and complex rehabilitation technology and to improve program integ-rity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 812, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 901, a bill to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1579 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1579, a bill to enhance and inte-grate Native American tourism, em-power Native American communities, increase coordination and collabora-tion between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tour-ism opportunities in the United States. 
S. 1587 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1587, a bill to authorize the use of the United States Armed Forces against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant. 
S. 1631 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1631, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify certain provi-sions relating to multiemployer pen-sions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1900 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1900, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow the Sec-retary of Education to award job train-ing Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 1926 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Mr. K ING) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1926, a bill to ensure access to 
screening mammography services. 
S. 2070 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2070, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to vic-tims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 2312 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from 
Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Senator 
from Wyoming (Mr. B ARRASSO ), the 
Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C OCH-
RAN) and the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. E NZI) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 2312, a bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to make improvements to payments for durable medical equipment under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
S. 2336 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2336, a bill to modernize laws, and eliminate discrimination, with respect to people living with HIV/ AIDS, and for other purposes. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. CON. RES. 26 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Con. Res. 26, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress re-garding the right of States and local governments to maintain economic sanctions against Iran. 
S. RES. 113 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 113, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee should rec-ommend the issuance of, and the United States Postal Service should issue, a commemorative stamp in honor of the holiday of Diwali. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. 
RUBIO): 
S. 2407. A bill to posthumously award 
the Congressional Gold Medal to each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.010 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8726 December 16, 2015 
of J. Christopher Stevens, Glen 
Doherty, Tyrone Woods, and Sean Smith in recognition of their contribu-tions to the Nation; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, on Sep-
tember 11, 2012, militants attacked the Temporary Mission Facility of the United States, and its personnel, in Benghazi, Libya. As the attack un-folded, our people attempted to defend the Mission and protect United States diplomatic personnel. Tragically, they did not succeed and four brave Ameri-cans sacrificed their lives. 
Today, along with Senators A
YOTTE , 
WARREN , F EINSTEIN , B OXER , W YDEN , 
and M ERKLEY , I am introducing legisla-
tion to honor Ambassador J. Chris-topher Stevens, Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, and Sean Smith by post-humously awarding them the Congres-sional Gold Medal in recognition of their selfless service and extraordinary contributions to the nation, at the cost of their lives. These distinguished pub-lic servants and warriors made the ul-timate sacrifice for our Nation, and their memories will live on as an inspi-ration to all for their bravery and com-mitment to our Nation. 
J. Christopher Stevens was serving as 
United States Ambassador to Libya and previously served twice in the country, as both Special Representa-tive to the Libyan Transitional Na-tional Council and as the Deputy Chief of Mission. He served in the United States Foreign Service for twenty-one years. Public service was his life work. He started his career serving as a Peace Corps volunteer teaching English in Morocco. 
Glen A. Doherty grew up in Win-
chester, MA. He was a Navy SEAL for twelve years. He served in Iraq and Af-ghanistan, attaining the rank of Petty Officer First Class and earned the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation medal. 
Tyrone Woods was a Navy Seal for 20 
years. He also served in both Iraq and Afghanistan, attaining the rank of Senior Chief Petty Officer when he re-tired. In Iraq, he led multiple raids and reconnaissance missions and earned the Bronze Star. 
Both Glen Doherty and Tyrone 
Woods were working to protect Amer-ican personnel abroad when the Tem-porary Mission Facility of the United States in Benghazi, Libya, was at-tacked. As the coordinated attack un-folded, Glen and Tyrone exposed them-selves to enemy fire as they engaged attackers armed with guns, mortars, and rocket-propelled grenades. Their ultimate sacrifice saved the lives of American personnel who were rescued and safely returned to their families. 
Sean Smith served in the Air Force 
for 6 years, attained the rank of Staff Sergeant and was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal. After leaving the Air Force, he served in the State Department for 10 years on var-ious assignments which took him to places such as Baghdad, Brussels, Pre-
toria, the Hague, and Tripoli. 
As their careers attest, all four men 
served our Nation honorably and with high distinction and utmost bravery. They made the supreme sacrifice for our country, and this medal represents the deep gratitude of a nation that will never forget their heroic service. 
I ask all Senators to join me in sup-
port of this legislation to post-humously award these four brave American heroes the Congressional Gold Medal for giving our Nation their last full measure of devotion. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2929. Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, 
Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mr. B OOZMAN ) pro-
posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 3594, to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
SA 2930. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ARPER  
(for himself, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
and Mr. J OHNSON )) proposed an amendment 
to the bill S. 1616, to provide for the identi-fication and prevention of improper pay-ments and the identification of strategic sourcing opportunities by reviewing and ana-lyzing the use of Federal agency charge cards. 
SA 2931. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
LANKFORD ) proposed an amendment to the 
resolution S. Res. 310, condemning the ongo-ing sexual violence against women and chil-dren from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and urging the prosecution of the perpetra-tors and those complicit in these crimes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2929. Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-
self, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , and 
Mr. B OOZMAN ) proposed an amendment 
to the bill H.R. 3594, to extend tempo-rarily the Federal Perkins Loan pro-gram, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Per-
kins Loan Program Extension Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN 
PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO MAKELOANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 461 of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘of stim-
ulating and assisting in the establishment and maintenance of funds at institutions of higher education for the making of low-in-terest loans to students in need thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘assisting in the maintenance of funds at institutions of higher education for the making of loans to undergraduate stu-dents in need’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TO MAKELOANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) L OANS FOR NEW UNDERGRADUATE FED -
ERAL PERKINS LOAN BORROWERS .—Through 
September 30, 2017, an institution of higher education may make a loan under this part to an eligible undergraduate student who, on the date of disbursement of a loan made 
under this part, has no outstanding balance of principal or interest on a loan made under this part from the student loan fund estab-lished under this part by the institution, but only if the institution has awarded all Fed-eral Direct Loans, as referenced under sub-paragraphs (A) and (D) of section 455(a)(2), for which such undergraduate student is eli-gible. 
‘‘(B) L
OANS FOR CURRENT UNDERGRADUATE  
FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN BORROWERS .—Through 
September 30, 2017, an institution of higher education may make a loan under this part to an eligible undergraduate student who, on the date of disbursement of a loan made under this part, has an outstanding balance of principal or interest on a loan made under this part from the student loan fund estab-lished under this part by the institution, but only if the institution has awarded all Fed-
eral Direct Stafford Loans as referenced under section 455(a)(2)(A) for which such un-dergraduate student is eligible. 
‘‘(C) L
OANS FOR CERTAIN GRADUATE BOR -
ROWERS .—Through September 30, 2016, with 
respect to an eligible graduate student who has received a loan made under this part prior to October 1, 2015, an institution of higher education that has most recently made such a loan to the student for an aca-demic program at such institution may con-tinue making loans under this part from the student loan fund established under this part by the institution to enable the student to continue or complete such academic pro-gram. 
‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL LOANS .—An institution 
of higher education shall not make loans under this part after September 30, 2017. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—No funds are authorized to be appro-
priated under this Act or any other Act to carry out the functions described in para-graph (1) for any fiscal year following fiscal year 2015.’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (c). (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Notwith-
standing the amendments made under para-graph (1) of this subsection, an eligible grad-uate borrower who received a disbursement of a loan under part E of title IV of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.) after June 30, 2016 and before October 1, 2016, for the 2016–2017 award year, may re-ceive a subsequent disbursement of such loan by June 30, 2017, for which the borrower re-ceived an initial disbursement after June 30, 2016 and before October 1, 2016. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS FROM STUDENT  
LOANFUNDS .—Section 466 of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087ff) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘After September 30, 2003, and not later than March 31, 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2017’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘After October 1, 2012’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2017’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2003’’ and 
inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Octo-
ber 1, 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL EXTENSIONS NOTPER-
MITTED .—Section 422 of the General Edu-
cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1226a) shall not apply to further extend the duration of the authority under paragraph (1) of section 461(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa(b)), as amended by subsection (a)(1) of this section, beyond September 30, 2017, on the basis of the extension under such subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.013 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8727 December 16, 2015 
SEC. 3. DISCLOSURE REQUIRED PRIOR TO DIS-
BURSEMENT. 
Section 463A(a) of the Higher Education 
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087cc–1(a)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) a notice and explanation regarding 
the end to future availability of loans made under this part; 
‘‘(15) a notice and explanation that repay-
ment and forgiveness benefits available to borrowers of loans made under part D are not available to borrowers participating in the loan program under this part; 
‘‘(16) a notice and explanation regarding a 
borrower’s option to consolidate a loan made under this part into a Federal Direct Loan under part D, including any benefit of such consolidation; 
‘‘(17) with respect to new undergraduate 
Federal Perkins loan borrowers, as described in section 461(b)(1)(A), a notice and expla-nation providing a comparison of the inter-est rates of loans under this part and part D and informing the borrower that the bor-rower has reached the maximum annual bor-rowing limit for which the borrower is eligi-ble as referenced under subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 455(a)(2); and 
‘‘(18) with respect to current under-
graduate Federal Perkins loan borrowers, as described in section 461(b)(1)(B), a notice and explanation providing a comparison of the interest rates of loans under this part and part D and informing the borrower that the borrower has reached the maximum annual borrowing limit for which the borrower is el-igible on Federal Direct Stafford Loans as referenced under section 455(a)(2)(A).’’. 
SA 2930. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
CARPER (for himself, Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. J OHNSON )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1616, to provide for the identification and prevention of improper payments and the identification of strategic sourcing opportunities by reviewing and analyzing the use of Federal agen-cy charge cards; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Saving Fed-
eral Dollars Through Better Use of Govern-ment Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) I
MPROPER PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘im-
proper payment’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note). 
(2) Q
UESTIONABLE TRANSACTION .—The term 
‘‘questionable transaction’’ means a charge card transaction that from initial card data appears to be high risk and may therefore be improper due to non-compliance with appli-cable law, regulation or policy. 
(3) S
TRATEGIC SOURCING .—The term ‘‘stra-
tegic sourcing’’ means analyzing and modi-fying a Federal agency’s spending patterns to better leverage its purchasing power, re-duce costs, and improve overall performance. 
SEC. 3. EXPANDED USE OF DATA ANALYTICS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator for General Services, shall develop a strategy to expand the use of data analytics in managing government purchase and travel charge card programs. These analytics may 
employ existing General Services Adminis-
tration capabilities, and may be in conjunc-tion with agencies’ capabilities, for the pur-pose of — 
(1) identifying examples or patterns of 
questionable transactions and developing en-hanced tools and methods for agency use in— 
(A) identifying questionable purchase and 
travel card transactions; and 
(B) recovering improper payments made 
with purchase and travel cards; 
(2) identifying potential opportunities for 
agencies to further leverage administrative process streamlining and cost reduction from purchase and travel card use, including addi-tional agency opportunities for card-based strategic sourcing; 
(3) developing a set of purchase and travel 
card metrics and benchmarks for high risk activities, which shall assist agencies in identifying potential emphasis areas for their purchase and travel card management and oversight activities, including those re-quired by the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194); and 
(4) developing a plan, which may be based 
on existing capabilities, to create a library of analytics tools and data sources for use by Federal agencies (including inspectors gen-eral of those agencies). 
SEC. 4. GUIDANCE ON IMPROVING INFORMATION 
SHARING TO CURB IMPROPER PAY-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of General Services and the inter-agency charge card data management group established under section 5, shall issue guid-ance on improving information sharing by government agencies (including inspectors general) for the purposes of section 3(a)(1). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The guidance issued under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) require relevant officials at Federal 
agencies to identify high-risk activities and communicate that information to the appro-priate management levels within the agen-cies; 
(2) require that appropriate officials at 
Federal agencies review the reports issued by charge card-issuing banks on questionable transaction activity (such as purchase and travel card pre-suspension and suspension re-ports, delinquency reports, and exception re-ports), including transactions that occur with high risk activities, and suspicious tim-ing or amounts of cash withdrawals or ad-vances; 
(3) provide for the appropriate sharing of 
information related to potential question-able transactions, fraud schemes, and high risk activities with General Services Admin-istration Office of Charge Card Management and the appropriate officials in Federal agen-cies; and 
(4) include other requirements determined 
appropriate by the Director for the purposes of carrying out this Act. 
SEC. 5. INTERAGENCY CHARGE CARD DATA MAN-
AGEMENT GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of 
General Services and the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall estab-lish a purchase and travel charge card data management group to develop and share best practices for the purposes described in sec-tion 3(a). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The best practices devel-
oped under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) cover rules, edits, and task order or 
contract modifications related to charge card-issuing banks; 
(2) include the review of accounts payable 
information and purchase and travel card transaction data of agencies for the purpose 
of identifying potential strategic sourcing and other additional opportunities (such as recurring payments, utility payments, and grant payments) for which the charge cards or related payment products could be used as a payment method; and 
(3) include other best practices as deter-
mined by the Administrator and Director. 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The purchase and travel 
charge card data management group shall meet regularly as determined by the co- chairs, for a duration of three years, and in-clude those agencies as described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Pre-vention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) and others identified by the Administrator and Director. 
SEC. 6. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION RE-
PORT .—Not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator for General Services shall submit a re-port to Congress on the implementation of this Act, including the metrics used in deter-mining whether the analytic and benchmarking efforts have reduced, or con-tributed to the reduction of, questionable or improper payments as well as improved uti-lization of card-based payment products. 
(b) A
GENCY REPORTS AND CONSOLIDATED RE-
PORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) shall submit a report to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget on that agency’s activities to implement this Act. 
(c) O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget shall sub-mit to Congress a consolidated report of agency activities to implement this Act, which may be included as part of another re-port submitted to Congress by the Director. 
(d) R
EPORT ON ADDITIONAL SAVINGS OPPOR -
TUNITIES .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall submit a report to Congress identifying and explor-ing further potential savings opportunities for government agencies under the Federal charge card programs. This report may be combined with the report required under subsection (a). 
SA 2931. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
LANKFORD ) proposed an amendment to 
the resolution S. Res. 310, condemning the ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Chris-tian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other reli-gious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and urging the prosecution of the perpetrators and those complicit in these crimes; as fol-lows: 
On page 3, line 4, insert ‘‘by Islamic State 
of Iraq and Syria militants’’ before the semi-colon at the end. 
On page 3, line 10, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 4, line 2, strike the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
On page 4, after line 2, add the following: 
(4) defines ‘‘complicit’’, for purposes of this 
resolution, as having knowingly and will-ingly taken actions which have directly sup-ported, promoted, enabled, aided, abetted, or encouraged crimes involving sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, or other reli-gious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants, including actively working to deny, cover up, or alter evidence of such crimes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.016 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8728 December 16, 2015 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on December 16, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Strategy in Af-ghanistan.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Joshua Man-ning, a NASA fellow and a detailee, and Brandon Fisher, a Coast Guard fellow at the commerce committee, be al-lowed floor privileges for the 114th Con-gress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE INDEFINITELY 
POSTPONED—H. CON. RES. 91 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that H. Con. Res. 91 be indefinitely postponed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 269, 433, 435, 436, and 437. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomina-
tions en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Thomas O. Melia, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development; Gabriel Camarillo, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force; Marcel John Lettre, II, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of Defense for In-telligence; the Navy, Vice Adm. Kurt W. Tidd to be Admiral; and Thomas Edgar Rothman, of Maryland, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2016. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate vote en bloc without intervening action or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that following disposition of the nomi-nations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations; that any statements related to the nomina-
tions be printed in the R
ECORD ; and 
that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the Melia, Camarillo, Lettre, Tidd, and Rothman nominations en bloc? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination under the privi-leged section of the Executive Cal-endar: PN892; that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Steven Michael Haro, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nomination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Haro nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
SECURING FAIRNESS IN 
REGULATORY TIMING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 3831, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3831) to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 3831) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. SAVING FEDERAL DOLLARS 
THROUGH BETTER USE OF GOV-ERNMENT PURCHASE AND TRAV-EL CARDS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 315, S. 1616. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1616) to provide for the identifica-
tion and prevention of improper payments and the identification of strategic sourcing opportunities by reviewing and analyzing the use of Federal agency charge cards. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the Carper substitute amendment which is at the desk be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2930) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Saving Fed-
eral Dollars Through Better Use of Govern-ment Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) I
MPROPER PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘im-
proper payment’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note). 
(2) Q
UESTIONABLE TRANSACTION .—The term 
‘‘questionable transaction’’ means a charge card transaction that from initial card data appears to be high risk and may therefore be improper due to non-compliance with appli-cable law, regulation or policy. 
(3) S
TRATEGIC SOURCING .—The term ‘‘stra-
tegic sourcing’’ means analyzing and modi-fying a Federal agency’s spending patterns to better leverage its purchasing power, re-duce costs, and improve overall performance. 
SEC. 3. EXPANDED USE OF DATA ANALYTICS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator for General Services, shall develop a strategy to expand the use of data analytics in managing government purchase and travel charge card programs. These analytics may employ existing General Services Adminis-tration capabilities, and may be in conjunc-tion with agencies’ capabilities, for the pur-pose of — 
(1) identifying examples or patterns of 
questionable transactions and developing en-hanced tools and methods for agency use in— 
(A) identifying questionable purchase and 
travel card transactions; and 
(B) recovering improper payments made 
with purchase and travel cards; 
(2) identifying potential opportunities for 
agencies to further leverage administrative process streamlining and cost reduction from purchase and travel card use, including addi-tional agency opportunities for card-based strategic sourcing; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.018 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8729 December 16, 2015 
(3) developing a set of purchase and travel 
card metrics and benchmarks for high risk activities, which shall assist agencies in identifying potential emphasis areas for their purchase and travel card management and oversight activities, including those re-quired by the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194); and 
(4) developing a plan, which may be based 
on existing capabilities, to create a library of analytics tools and data sources for use by Federal agencies (including inspectors gen-eral of those agencies). 
SEC. 4. GUIDANCE ON IMPROVING INFORMATION 
SHARING TO CURB IMPROPER PAY-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of General Services and the inter-agency charge card data management group established under section 5, shall issue guid-ance on improving information sharing by government agencies (including inspectors general) for the purposes of section 3(a)(1). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The guidance issued under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) require relevant officials at Federal 
agencies to identify high-risk activities and communicate that information to the appro-priate management levels within the agen-cies; 
(2) require that appropriate officials at 
Federal agencies review the reports issued by charge card-issuing banks on questionable transaction activity (such as purchase and travel card pre-suspension and suspension re-ports, delinquency reports, and exception re-ports), including transactions that occur with high risk activities, and suspicious tim-ing or amounts of cash withdrawals or ad-vances; 
(3) provide for the appropriate sharing of 
information related to potential question-able transactions, fraud schemes, and high risk activities with General Services Admin-istration Office of Charge Card Management and the appropriate officials in Federal agen-cies; and 
(4) include other requirements determined 
appropriate by the Director for the purposes of carrying out this Act. 
SEC. 5. INTERAGENCY CHARGE CARD DATA MAN-
AGEMENT GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of 
General Services and the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall estab-lish a purchase and travel charge card data management group to develop and share best 
practices for the purposes described in sec-tion 3(a). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The best practices devel-
oped under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) cover rules, edits, and task order or 
contract modifications related to charge card-issuing banks; 
(2) include the review of accounts payable 
information and purchase and travel card transaction data of agencies for the purpose of identifying potential strategic sourcing and other additional opportunities (such as recurring payments, utility payments, and grant payments) for which the charge cards or related payment products could be used as a payment method; and 
(3) include other best practices as deter-
mined by the Administrator and Director. 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The purchase and travel 
charge card data management group shall meet regularly as determined by the co- chairs, for a duration of three years, and in-clude those agencies as described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Pre-vention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) and others identified by the Administrator and Director. SEC. 6. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION RE-
PORT .—Not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator for General Services shall submit a re-port to Congress on the implementation of this Act, including the metrics used in deter-mining whether the analytic and benchmarking efforts have reduced, or con-tributed to the reduction of, questionable or improper payments as well as improved uti-lization of card-based payment products. 
(b) A
GENCY REPORTS AND CONSOLIDATED RE-
PORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) shall submit a report to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget on that agency’s activities to implement this Act. 
(c) O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget shall sub-mit to Congress a consolidated report of agency activities to implement this Act, which may be included as part of another re-port submitted to Congress by the Director. 
(d) R
EPORT ON ADDITIONAL SAVINGS OPPOR -
TUNITIES .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall submit a report to Congress identifying and explor-ing further potential savings opportunities for government agencies under the Federal charge card programs. This report may be combined with the report required under subsection (a). 
The bill (S. 1616), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
REGARDING THE 25TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF DEMOCRACY IN MON-GOLIA 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 320, S. Res. 189. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 189) expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the 25th anni-versary of democracy in Mongolia. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 189) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of June 1, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PEOPLE 
OF BURMA ON THEIR COMMIT-MENT TO PEACEFUL ELECTIONS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-
endar No. 321, S. Res. 320. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 320) congratulating 
the people of Burma on their commitment to peaceful elections. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment to strike out all after the resolving clause and insert the part printed in italic. 
S. R ES. 320 
Whereas Burma conducted general elec-
tions on November 8, 2015, the country’s first national vote since a civilian government was introduced in 2011 that ended nearly 50 years of military rule; 
Whereas the people of Burma have, by 
their vigorous participation in electoral campaigning and public debate, strengthened the foundations of a free and democratic way of life; 
Whereas preliminary reports indicate that 
voter turnout exceeded 80 percent; 
Whereas international observers have re-
ported that election day was largely free and fair and conducted in an orderly and peaceful fashion despite broader structural concerns such as the disenfranchisement of the Rohingya; 
Whereas the ruling military-backed Union 
Solidarity and Development Party suffered a 
dramatic loss at the polls, and the National League for Democracy won a sizable major-ity in both chambers of Burma’s Union Par-liament, the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, and will select Burma’s next President; 
Whereas Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Aung 
San Suu Kyi has symbolized the struggle for freedom and democracy in Burma and has actively supported democratic reform through her leadership of the National League for Democracy; 
Whereas the National League for Democ-
racy espouses a policy of nonviolent move-ment towards multi-party democracy in Burma, supports national reconciliation, and endorses strengthening democratic institu-tions, protecting human rights, imple-menting free market economic reforms, and reinforcing rule of law; 
Whereas President Thein Sein and Com-
mander-in-Chief Min Aug Hlaing made public commitments to respect the election results and vowed to abide by the law to ensure an orderly and prompt transition to a new gov-ernment; and 
Whereas the continued democratic devel-
opment of Burma is a matter of fundamental importance to the advancement of United States interests in Southeast Asia and is supported by the United States Senate: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate — 
(1) congratulates the people of Burma for em-
bracing democracy through their participation in the November 8, 2015, general elections, and for their continuing efforts in developing a free, democratic society that respects internationally recognized human rights; 
(2) recognizes the National League for Democ-
racy’s victory as a reflection of the will of the Burmese people; 
(3) calls on the Union Solidarity and Develop-
ment Party to undertake a peaceful transfer of power and abide by the law to ensure an orderly and prompt transition to a new government; 
(4) encourages all parties to pursue national 
reconciliation talks and work together in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\S16DE5.REC S16DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8730 December 16, 2015 
spirit of national unity to seek what is best for 
the country; 
(5) recognizes that while the Government of 
Burma has made important progress towards de-mocratization, there remain serious challenges and impediments to the realization of full demo-cratic and civilian government, including the reservation of unelected seats for the military and the disenfranchisement of groups of people including the Rohingya; 
(6) expresses hope that newly elected members 
of parliament will contribute to the ongoing po-litical transformation and will herald a new generation of responsible democratic leadership in Burma; 
(7) calls on the Government of Burma to sup-
port meaningful efforts to reform the 2008 Con-stitution of Burma, with the full and unfettered participation of all the people of Burma and in a manner that promotes and protects democratic development of Burma and safeguards against arbitrary interference by the military; 
(8) calls on the Government of Burma to re-
lease all political prisoners; 
(9) supports negotiations between the Govern-
ment of Burma and ethnic groups and organiza-tions toward a genuine national ceasefire; 
(10) encourages the President of the United 
States, in close and timely consultation with Congress, to continue to support efforts to pro-mote genuine democratic transition and to en-sure that any changes in United States policy toward Burma, including the consideration of any potential relaxation of restrictions, are aligned with support for a genuine and sustain-able democratic transition; and 
(11) reaffirms that the people of the United 
States will continue to stand with the people of Burma in support of democracy, partnership, and peace. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to; that the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; that the preamble be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The resolution (S. Res. 320), as 
amended, was agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 135TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF DIPLOMATIC RELA-TIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND ROMANIA 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 322, S. Res. 326. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 326) celebrating the 
135th anniversary of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Romania. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations with an amendment to the preamble. 
(Omit the part in boldface brackets 
and insert the part printed in italic.) 
S. R ES. 326 
Whereas the United States established dip-
lomatic relations with Romania in June 1880; Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Romania strive to continually improve cooperation between government leaders and strengthen the two countries’ strategic partnership, focusing on the polit-ical-military relationship, law-enforcement collaboration, trade and investment opportu-nities, and energy security; 
Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Romania are committed to sup-porting human rights, advancing the rule of law, democratic governance, economic growth, and freedom; 
Whereas Romania joined the North Atlan-
tic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 2004, and has established itself both as a resolute ally 
of øboth ¿ the United States and as a strong 
NATO member; 
Whereas the Government of Romania con-
tinues to improve its military capabilities, and has repeatedly demonstrated its willing-ness to provide forces and assets in support of operations that address the national secu-rity interests of the United States and all NATO members, including deployments to Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Kosovo; 
Whereas, in 2011, the United States and Ro-
mania issued the ‘‘Joint Declaration on Strategic Partnership for the 21st Century Between the United States of America and Romania,’’ reflecting increasing cooperation between our countries to promote security, democracy, free market opportunities, and cultural exchange; 
Whereas the United States and Romania 
signed a ballistic missile defense (BMD) agreement in 2011, allowing the deployment of United States personnel, equipment, and anti-missile interceptors to Romania; 
Whereas, in October 2014, the United States 
Navy formally launched Naval Support Fa-cility Deveselu to achieve the goals of the 2011 BMD agreement and thus established the first new United States Navy base since 1987; 
Whereas, in September 2015, Romania 
stood up a NATO Force Integration Unit; 
Whereas Romania will host the Alliance’s 
Multinational Division-Southeast head-quarters in Bucharest and commits signifi-cant resources to the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force; 
Whereas Romania has agreed to host com-
ponents of the United States European Phased Adaptive Approach missile defense system, which will be operational by the end of 2015; and 
Whereas, for the past 25 years, the Govern-
ment of Romania has shown leadership in ad-vancing stability, security, and democratic principles in Central and Eastern Europe, the Western Balkans, and the Black Sea re-gion, especially in the current difficult re-gional context: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) celebrates the 135th anniversary of 
United States-Romanian diplomatic rela-tions; 
(2) congratulates the people of Romania on 
their accomplishments as a great nation; and 
(3) expresses appreciation for Romania’s 
unwavering partnership with the United States. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to; that the amend-ment to the preamble be agreed to; that the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 326) was 
agreed to. The amendment to the preamble was 
agreed to. 
The preamble, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE ONGOING SEX-
UAL VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN AND CHILDREN FROM YEZIDI, CHRISTIAN, SHABAK, TURKMEN, AND OTHER RELIGIOUS COMMU-NITIES BY ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA MILITANTS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 297, S. Res. 310. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 310) condemning the 
ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and urging the prosecution of the perpetra-tors and those complicit in these crimes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am here to support the bipartisan ef-forts and goals of my colleagues in S. Res. 310, which condemns the ongoing sexual violence perpetrated by ISIL against women and children from Yezidi and other religious commu-nities. 
The horrific and despicable actions of 
ISIL against women and girls who were kidnapped, enslaved, tortured, raped, and impregnated in conflict-affected regions there and others around the world are one of the horrors of ter-rorism. This resolution addresses it, but it could and should have gone much further. In fact, it lacks the rec-ognition of the full range of support that Yezidi survivors of sexual violence desperately need. That is the reason that I offered two amendments to im-prove this important resolution, to urge the President to exercise his ex-isting authority. No new author is nec-essary for him to provide and support age-appropriate, comprehensive post- violence care, including the provision of treatment to prevent HIV infection, trauma and surgical care, mental health services, social and legal sup-port, and a full range of medically nec-essary reproductive health services, in-cluding emergency contraception, safe abortion care, and maternal health services. 
When the horrors that ISIL inflicts 
on the Yezidis came to light in the New York Times report entitled ‘‘ISIS En-shrines a Theology of Rape,’’ including systematic rape of women and children in ISIL-held territory, I demanded that our great Nation take action. I refer my colleagues’ attention to that arti-cle. 
We cannot allow for the continued 
use of rape as a tool of warfare to de-stabilize and disrupt communities, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE6.023 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8731 December 16, 2015 
exert control over women and girls, 
and in the case of the Yezidis, to im-pregnate them purposefully and relent-lessly. Survivors should not be forced to carry pregnancies to full term sim-ply because access to reproductive health care is not available following their vicious assault. 
We cannot stand idly by while wit-
nessing such violations of human rights and dignity. The United States must work to increase access to repro-ductive health care for the vulnerable populations, particularly safe abortion services, and most especially for the Yezidi girls and women who were pur-posefully impregnated as a tool of ter-rorism by ISIL. 
I have called on the administration 
multiple times to confront this horror. In September, I wrote a letter with five of my Democratic colleagues to Sec-retary Kerry, calling on the State De-partment to declare Iraqi religious mi-norities, including the Yezidis, as pro-tected priority groups so they could seek refugee assistance within Iraq’s border. 
In October, I wrote a letter with 27 of 
my Democratic colleagues, calling on the President to take action to prop-erly implement existing law. Existing law includes the Helms amendment. Tomorrow is the 42nd anniversary of the Helms amendment. For its entire existence, the Helms amendment has been incorrectly interpreted, and it continues to serve as a critical obstacle in our foreign aid efforts to provide for safe abortions in the case of rape, in-cest, and life endangerment. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the letter and the response of the administration dated December 7, 2015, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
President B ARACK OBAMA , 
The White House, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. PRESIDENT : We write to express 
our deep concern for the reproductive health of women and girls who are kidnapped, enslaved, tortured, raped, and impregnated in conflict-affected zones worldwide. Rape is increasingly used as a tool of warfare to de-stabilize communities, exert control over women and girls, and in some cases pur-posely impregnate them, as executed by Boko Haram in Nigeria and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Syria and Iraq. Survivors are forced to carry preg-nancies to full term because access to repro-ductive healthcare is not available following their assault. We cannot be bystanders to such gross violations of the human dignity of these women and girls. If the U.S. does not work to increase access to reproductive healthcare for vulnerable populations, par-ticularly safe abortion services, there will be negative, long-term consequences. As such, we implore you to take the following actions to confront this crisis. 
We request you take action to correct the 
overly constrained implementation of the Helms Amendment which serves as a critical barrier to safe abortion, particularly impact-ing women and girls fleeing conflict. Al-though the Helms Amendment prevents U.S. 
foreign aid from being used to perform abor-tions for family planning purposes, for over 40 years it has been incorrectly interpreted to prevent the use of foreign aid to fund safe abortions even in the cases of rape, incest, or life endangerment. These three cases clearly fall outside the restrictions enacted by the Helms Amendment. As such, we urge you to issue guidance to the relevant agencies, al-lowing them to support safe abortion serv-ices in at least the limited circumstances of rape, incest, or life endangerment, including for survivors of conflict-related sexual vio-lence. 
Subsequently, we urge you to exercise your 
existing authority to ensure U.S. foreign aid does not stand in the way of women and girls fleeing conflict who seek abortion services. The Helms Amendment restricts U.S. foreign aid from being used to pay for abortion even in countries where abortion is permissible by local law. For instance, although abortion remains illegal in Syria and Iraq, regional countries which receive U.S. foreign assist-ance—Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, and Egypt— 
have welcomed millions of refugees and have varying legal exceptions or allowances for abortions related to rape, incest, or life endangerment, which are undermined by limitations imposed by this policy. 
Finally, we applaud commitments made by 
this Administration to address these issues, including those made last year at the Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict and those in the National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security (NAP). We re-quest that you further strengthen actions taken under the NAP implementation plan. A high-level objective of the NAP is ensuring women’s access to relief and recovery in a manner that recognizes the unique needs of women and girls in conflict-affected zones and the need to provide humanitarian serv-ices. As expressly noted in the NAP, women’s access to relief and recovery can be ad-dressed by ‘‘support[ing] access to reproduc-tive health in emergencies and humanitarian settings.’’ As such, we encourage increased attention to this matter and request a report of the Administration’s comprehensive re-view and update to the NAP, scheduled to be released this year. We also ask that the Ad-ministration provide an assessment of how the relevant agencies are fulfilling their re-spective duties to provide access to the full range of reproductive healthcare. 
We look forward to working with you to 
ensure these actions are implemented. As the world’s largest aid donor, the U.S. can and should endeavor to provide the reproduc-tive healthcare that is desperately needed by some of the world’s most vulnerable popu-lations. 
Sincerely, 
Richard Blumenthal; Jeanne Shaheen; 
Kirsten E. Gillibrand; Barbara Boxer; Michael F. Bennet; Claire McCaskill; Mazie K. Hirono; Patty Murray; Ed-ward J. Markey; Patrick J. Leahy; Al Franken; Sherrod Brown; Christopher A. Coons; Brian Schatz; Cory A. Book-er; Elizabeth Warren; Maria Cantwell; Charles E. Schumer; Tammy Baldwin; Barbara A. Mikulski; Christopher Mur-phy; Richard J. Durbin; Ron Wyden; Bernard Sanders; Dianne Feinstein; Debbie Stabenow; Gary C. Peters; Amy Klobuchar. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF STATE , 
Washington, DC, December 7, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR BLUMENTHAL : Thank you 
for your letter of October 22 to President Obama regarding your concern about access to reproductive health care in conflict set-
tings. We have been asked to respond on the President’s behalf. 
The Department of State and the U.S. 
Agency for International Development take this issue very seriously. The Helms Amend-ment has prohibited since 1973 the use of U.S. foreign assistance to pay for the per-
formance of abortion as a method of family planning or to motivate or coerce any person to practice abortions. We review our policies on an ongoing basis to ensure maximum ef-fectiveness in improving health outcomes, including for those who are highly vulner-able to sexual violence because of conflict or other crises. 
Through our policies and investments, we 
continue to demonstrate our commitment to rights and protection of women and girls worldwide. We do so by working with the international community, including the UN Population Fund, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, the International Committee of the Red Cross, and other development and humanitarian organizations. We work to-gether to: respond to the challenges of in-creasing access to reproductive health serv-ices in crisis settings; strengthen global co-ordination to prevent sexual violence; pro-mote justice and accountability; and provide health care, including sexual and reproduc-tive health services. 
The U.S. National Action Plan on Women, 
Peace, and Security outlines the United States’ commitment to the protection and participation of women in a broad range of efforts to resolve conflict and sustain peace. The Department of State and other agencies are reviewing the NAP under the auspices of the National Security Council. This inter-agency review reflects our commitment to accountable implementation and rigorous learning of best practices. Upon completion of the review later this year, the Department would be pleased to brief you and your staff on relevant findings. 
Your letter provides valuable input on 
these important issues. We welcome any ad-ditional input you or your staff may have, and look forward to continued dialogue. 
Sincerely, 
J
ULIA FRIFIELD , 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. The letter very 
simply asks that the administration ‘‘take action to correct the overly con-strained implementation of the Helms amendment which serves as a critical barrier to safe abortion, particularly impacting women and girls fleeing con-flict.’’ The letter asks that the admin-istration recognize that American for-eign aid can be used to fund safe abor-tions even in the cases of rape, incest, or life endangerment. That is a very simple principle. 
Preventing our foreign aid funds 
from being used for that purpose not only denies critical assistance to Yezidi girls and women, but also overly constrains the assistance of this great Nation to the victims of terror and horror abroad. 
Today, the U.S. Senate will adopt S. 
Res. 310, and I have joined in sup-porting it. I am deeply disappointed that the administration has essentially denied even considering a change in policy. This action does not mean that the United States should be compla-cent regarding the dismal state of pro-tection for the Yezidi girls and women. 
The amendments I offered were re-
jected by my Republican colleagues, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.070 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8732 December 16, 2015 
and I understand my colleagues’ goal of 
expressing concern for girls and women and others. Despite my reservation and profound disappointment with the ad-ministration’s reaction to and the de-nial of these two amendments, I am supporting this resolution. I have with-drawn my amendments, recognizing the reality of our current situation on the floor of the U.S. Senate, but it re-mains essential that we recognize the full scope of the post-rape health care needed by survivors of rape. These vic-tims have been hideously and grue-somely used as a tool of terrorism in-voked by ISIL. 
Fully countering ISIL’s terrorist 
strategy means providing necessary and compassionate care for girls and women who have been victims and have been shunned by their families. They have been rejected by their commu-nities. They have been victims many times over as a result of these heinous crimes committed against them. 
I hope that my fellow Senators will 
join me as I continue to call on the ad-ministration to right this wrong. As the world’s largest donor of assistance around the world, the United States can and should do better and do more to provide health care that girls and women vitally need when they become vulnerable and, in fact, victims of ter-ror inflicted by these heinous criminal acts. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Lankford amendment to the resolution be agreed to; that the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; that the pre-amble be agreed to; and that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2931) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To define ‘‘complicit’’ for purposes 
of the resolution) 
On page 3, line 4, insert ‘‘by Islamic State 
of Iraq and Syria militants’’ before the semi-colon at the end. 
On page 3, line 10, strike ‘‘and’’. On page 4, line 2, strike the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
On page 4, after line 2, add the following: 
(4) defines ‘‘complicit’’, for purposes of this 
resolution, as having knowingly and will-ingly taken actions which have directly sup-ported, promoted, enabled, aided, abetted, or encouraged crimes involving sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, or other reli-gious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants, including actively working to deny, cover up, or alter evidence of such crimes. 
The resolution (S. Res. 310), as 
amended, was agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, with its 
preamble, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 310 
Whereas the Islamic State of Iraq and 
Syria (ISIS) has publicly and systematically targeted communities on the basis of their religious identities, including Yezidis, Chris-tians, Shi’a Muslims, Shabaks, Turkmens, 
and Kaka’i, in a campaign of violence that includes summary executions, beheadings, torture, arbitrary detainment, forced dis-placement, rape and sexual violence, and en-slavement; 
Whereas enslavement and sexual violence 
against women is a widespread practice among ISIS militants, who have, according to the Yezidi Affairs Directory, captured and enslaved as many as 5,500 Yezidis, including as many as 3,000 women, since August 2014; 
Whereas ISIS has established a formal 
slave trade in which women and girls as young as 5 years old are systematically ab-ducted, transported, categorized according to physical traits and perceived value, and trad-ed among ISIS militants or sold for as little as $10; 
Whereas the Research and Fatwa Depart-
ment of ISIS has issued guidelines and direc-tions for the enslavement of Yezidi women and children and has justified the actions on the basis of religious teachings; 
Whereas the New York Times reported 
that ‘‘the Islamic State has developed a de-tailed bureaucracy of sex slavery, including sales contracts notarized by the ISIS-run Is-lamic courts’’; 
Whereas according to various reports, in-
cluding testimony before Congress by Khidher Domle, a Yezidi activist and Direc-tor of the Media Department at the Univer-sity of Dohuk, the enslavement and sexual violence used against Yezidi women and chil-dren by ISIS militants in their attack on Mount Sinjar was premeditated; 
Whereas ISIS has initiated the mass kill-
ing of Yezidi men and boys, the sexual vio-lence and enslavement of Yezidi women and children, and the forced displacement of Christians and other religious communities; 
Whereas the threat and reach of ISIS ex-
tends beyond Iraq and Syria into the rest of the world, as demonstrated by ISIS-affiliated attacks and recruitment of foreign fighters from the United States, Europe, Central Asia, and Africa; 
Whereas, according to testimony presented 
before the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on September 29, 2015, it is possible that one of the ISIS militants involved in the sexual slavery of 
Yezidi women and children is a United States citizen; and 
Whereas the United States Government 
should investigate and urge prosecution of American citizens who are perpetrators of or complicit in such crimes: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the ongoing sexual violence 
against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other reli-gious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants; 
(2) calls on the Attorney General to com-
mence the investigation and prosecution of any United States citizens alleged to be per-petrators of or complicit in these crimes and to report back to Congress what steps are being taken to investigate and urge the pros-ecution of those involved; 
(3) calls on the Government of Iraq and the 
governments of other countries to identify individual perpetrators and individuals in-volved in these crimes and take appropriate measures to arrest and urge the prosecution of those individuals; and 
(4) defines ‘‘complicit’’, for purposes of this 
resolution, as having knowingly and will-ingly taken actions which have directly sup-ported, promoted, enabled, aided, abetted, or encouraged crimes involving sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, or other reli-gious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants, including actively working to deny, cover up, or alter evidence 
of such crimes. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
DECEMBER 17, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, De-cember 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business until 6 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:52 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, December 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
PAUL LEWIS ABRAMS, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, VICE DEAN D. PREGERSON, RETIRED. 
SUZANNE MITCHELL, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF OKLAHOMA, VICE DAVID L. RUSSELL, RETIRED. 
SCOTT L. PALK, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF OKLA-HOMA, VICE STEPHEN P. FRIOT, RETIRED. 
RONALD G. RUSSELL, OF UTAH, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH, VICE BRIAN THEADORE STEWART, RETIRED. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate December 16, 2015: 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
THOMAS O. MELIA, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
GABRIEL CAMARILLO, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. 
MARCEL JOHN LETTRE, II, OF MARYLAND, TO BE 
UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. KURT W. TIDD 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
THOMAS EDGAR ROTHMAN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2016. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
STEVEN MICHAEL HARO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16DE6.071 S16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1801 December 16, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO CHUCK TURNER 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great sorrow that I rise today to recognize Chuck Turner, a longtime Appropriations Com-mittee professional staff member, who sadly passed away on December 8. 
Chuck was a skillful appropriator, a beloved 
colleague, and a steadfast public servant. His 40-year career was dedicated to serving Con-gress, the Capitol Hill community, and the American people. 
Chuck began his long career on Capitol Hill 
working for the Library of Congress, first in the U.S. Copyright Office, then in the Library’s Fi-nancial Services Office, where he handled budget issues. 
For the better part of the last 32 years, 
Chuck worked with the House Appropriations Legislative Branch Subcommittee: first on de-tail from the Library of Congress, and then— after proving himself to be invaluable—as sen-ior staff for the Subcommittee. 
His concern for and commitment to the Leg-
islative Branch underscored everything he did. He consistently put the Committee and his work for the House before anything else. 
He made sure that Members of Congress 
have the resources they need to do their legis-lative work on behalf of the American people. In particular, he maintained a deep affection for the Library of Congress—ensuring its work and collections remain available to the public and to the Members who rely on its informa-tion to do their jobs. 
He also ensured that all who entered the 
Capitol Complex—be it staff, visitors, or the Members themselves—are safe—protected by a well-equipped Capitol Police force, in solid and secure facilities. His life’s work can be felt each time you set foot in the Capitol Complex. 
Chuck was recognized for his expertise and 
good work on more than one occasion. He was called upon to serve as a Special Investi-gator for the Select Committee to Investigate the Preparation for and Response to Hurri-cane Katrina. He took part in a staff delegation to Indonesia to help train members of the In-donesian parliament and their staff on the leg-islative budget process. And for several years, he not only worked with the House Legislative Branch Subcommittee, but he also helped the Senate with writing their Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. 
Chuck was truly the epitome of a devoted 
public servant—he worked until the very end. 
On a more personal level, Chuck was be-
loved by all those he worked with. His kind-ness, consideration, easy sense of humor, and loyal friendship is something that all could as-pire to. The Legislative Branch, the House, and the Appropriations Committee will be a lesser place without him. 
I want to thank Chuck for his decades of 
service, and for leaving his final mark on this institution—the Legislative Branch bill that will 
be a part of the final, fiscal year 2016 omnibus legislation. His presence will be deeply missed in the halls of the Capitol. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KAY RAYMOND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Kay Ray-mond, of Creston, Iowa, for being selected as Creston Volunteer of the Year for 2015. 
Kay spent a number years teaching special 
education before retiring 12 years ago. After retirement, Kay decided to use her free time to continue giving back to her community. Now she volunteers numerous hours a week as a volunteer for Friends of the Library, as a mem-ber and volunteer at the YMCA, and also gives back as a member of her church and at other local organizations. 
Mr. Speaker, Kay’s dedication to her com-
munity and her fellow Iowans is a true testa-ment to her character. Her efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her and Iowans like her in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Kay for her achievements and wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS 
OF PHIL ROMANO 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight I want to recognize the life and achievements of a brilliant and fas-cinating man—Phil Romano. Now, although Mr. Romano is not originally from Texas, he falls into the category of people who moved there as quickly as he could. A man that can-not easily be entertained, Mr. Romano bounced around the country before making Dallas his home, and bounced through mul-tiple successful business projects before set-tling with a self-proclaimed and modest title: entrepreneur. However, Mr. Romano is much more than an entrepreneur. He is rich in char-acter, and Dallas is proud to be his home. 
Mr. Romano is best known for his success-
ful career in the restaurant industry. His busi-ness ventures brought Texas as well as the nation beloved institutions such as Fuddruckers, Romano’s Macaroni Grill, and Eatzi’s. These business ventures solidified his status as a successful businessman, but Mr. Romano helped satisfy much more than peo-ple’s appetites. 
When Mr. Romano was working with a 
small venture capital firm SHD Management LLC, he had the keen eye to spot a good 
product. After talking to a cardiologist named Julio Palmaz, Mr. Romano agreed to invest capital and run the business operations for the balloon-expandable heart stent. It ended up becoming over a 10 million dollar invention, but more impressively than that, it saved countless lives, including Mr. Romano’s, who now uses a heart stent after he helped invent it. When he worked in the restaurant industry he touched people’s stomachs, and when he was a venture capitalist he touched people’s hearts. 
However, his success is most tangible in the 
impact he has on Dallas. His most recent project, Trinity Groves, will provide a commu-nity space for entrepreneurs to grow, busi-nesses to invest, and people to enjoy. In addi-tion to that, his affinity for art, embodied not only in his home but in his studio on Dragon Street in Dallas, will solidify his legacy as a brilliant and deep man. 
Mr. Speaker, whether it was with a burger, 
a heart stent, a community, or a painting, throughout his life, Phil Romano has left a Texas-sized impression on Dallas, the city he loves that loves him back. 
f 
THE CHRISTIAN AND YEZIDI 
GENOCIDE 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, 
each day, our newspapers, magazines, radios and television screens are filled with images of people fleeing territory controlled by the Is-lamic jihadist group known as the Islamic State of al-Sham, or ISIS. 
More than half of the 635,000 refugees—an 
estimated 53 percent—in Europe are from Syria alone, according to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees or UNHCR. 
While violence plays the major role in the 
impetus of Syrians to leave their homes, Shelly Pitterman of the UNHCR testified at a hearing I chaired on October 20th that the main trigger for flight from refugee camps or shelter in nations like Jordan is the humani-tarian funding shortfall. In recent months, he told us that the World Food Programme cut its program by 30 percent, and the current Syrian Regional Refugee and Resilience Plan for 2015 is only 41 percent funded. The UNHCR expects to receive just 47 percent of the fund-ing it needs for Syria over the next year. 
One year ago this month, the United Na-
tions Office for the Coordination of Humani-tarian Affairs issued a report that detailed a worsening humanitarian situation in Syria. An estimated 12.21 million were in need of hu-manitarian assistance, including 7.6 million in-ternally displaced people and more than 5.6 million children in need of assistance. An esti-mated 4.8 million people were in need of hu-manitarian assistance in hard to reach areas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16DE8.001 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1802 December 16, 2015 
and locations. Those numbers have not im-
proved as the conflict has continued. 
By the third international pledging con-
ference on March 31, 2015, the crisis had be-come the largest displacement crisis in the world, with 3.8 million people having fled to Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq and Egypt, in addition to those internally displaced. In sup-port of the Syria Response Plan and the Re-gional Refugee and Resilience Plan, inter-national donors pledged US$3.8 billion. How-ever, according to the Financial Tracking Serv-
ice at the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs or OCHA, only $1.17 bil-lion of $2.89 billion in the plan had been re-ceived as of December 7th. This constitutes only 41% of what is considered necessary by OCHA. 
Last week’s hearing focused on the plight of 
persecuted religious minorities in Syria and Iraq, which constitutes genocide, and the fail-ure of much of the international community to live up to their pledges of humanitarian assist-ance, factors which ‘‘push’’ refugees to Europe and beyond. In particular, we will examine vio-lence targeting religious minorities such as Christians and Yezidis (a non-Islamic religious minority) in territory controlled by ISIS in Syria and Iraq. 
This past September, the Simon-Skjodt 
Center for the Prevention of Genocide at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum undertook a ‘‘Bearing Witness’’ trip to northern Iraq to investigate allegations of genocide being committed by ISIS. In a report entitled ‘‘Our Generation is Gone’’ The Islamic State’s Targeting of Iraqi Minorities in Ninevah,’’ the report stated that: ‘‘Based upon the public record and private eyewitness accounts, we believe the self-proclaimed Islamic State (IS) perpetrated crimes against humanity, war crimes, and ethnic cleansing against Christian, Yezidi, Turkmen, Shabak, Sabaean- Mandaean, and Kaka’i people in Ninevah province between June and August 2014. In our interviews, we heard accounts of the forc-ible transfer of populations, severe deprivation of physical liberty, rape, sexual slavery, en-slavement, and murder perpetrated in a wide-spread and systematic manner that indicates a deliberate plan to target religious and ethnic minorities. Some specific communities—nota-bly the Yezidi, but also Shia Shabak and Shia Turkmen—were targeted for attack.’’ 
Mirza Ismail, Chairman and Founder of the 
Yezidi Human Rights Organization-Inter-national, testified that the Yezidis are on the verge of annihilation. 
Chaldean Bishop Francis Kalabat testified 
that, ‘‘There are countless Christian villages in Syria who have been taken over by ISIS and have encountered genocide and the Obama administration refuses to recognize their plight.’’ 
Carl Anderson, Supreme Knight of the 
Knights of Columbus, calls on the Obama ad-ministration to publicly acknowledge that geno-cide is taking place against the Christian com-munities of Iraq and Syria. Mr. Anderson testi-fied that ‘‘vulnerable religious minorities fear taking shelter in the camps of the United Na-tions High Commissioner for Refugees be-cause of religiously motivated violence and in-timidation inside the camps.’’ ‘‘Syrian Chris-tians’’, he notes, ‘‘and other vulnerable minori-ties are disproportionately excluded from the U.S. Syrian Refugee Resettlement Program due to reliance on a functionally discriminatory UNHCR program.’’ Dr. Gregory Stanton, President of Genocide 
Watch and research professor at George Mason University, in his testimony entitled ‘‘Weak Words Are Not Enough’’, he states, ‘‘Failure to call ISIS’ mass murder of Chris-tians, Muslims, and other groups in addition to Yazidis by its proper name—genocide—would be an act of denial as grave as U.S. refusal to recognize the Rwandan genocide in 1994.’’ 
The administration reportedly is considering 
declaring the ISIS treatment of Yezidis to be genocide, but there is no indication that Chris-tians will be included. That’s absurd. Such an action would be contrary to the facts and trag-ically wrong. Last year, a United Nations reso-lution determined that both Yezidis and Chris-tians were being particularly targeted by ISIS. 
A group of Christian leaders recently wrote 
to Secretary of State John Kerry to present their case for treating Christians the same as Yezidis in this matter, but they have not re-ceived a reply thus far. 
As we attempt to end the ISIS threat, we 
must consider how to help ensure religious pluralism in Syria and Iraq in the future. That will not be an easy task since animosities have grown during the conflicts in Iraq and Syria, exponentially so during the rise and reign of terror of ISIS. Nevertheless, unless we consider how to help make these lands safe for religious minorities, we will continue to see them chased out of their traditional areas even if there is no ISIS. 
Our witnesses last week provided us a pic-
ture of the ongoing struggle faced by religious minorities in ISIS territory, and hopefully, they will help us to begin the discussion of making these areas safe for their people in the years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GRACIE RUSSELL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Gracie Russell for being selected as the Creston Youth of the Year. Gracie is the daughter of Rob and Julie Russell. 
Gracie is a senior at Creston High School 
and is active in FFA, volleyball, basketball, tennis, and the National Honor Society. She’s also active in the community, volunteering her time with the Appalachian Service Project, Union County Youth Council, St. Malachy Youth Group, Douglas Boosters 4–H Club, and Iowa Junior Beef Breeds Association. Gracie has also participated in Meals from the Heartland, roadside cleanup, Rectory Rerun time, painting at McKinley Park, decorating the restored Creston Depot for Christmas activi-ties, Balloon Days pedal pull time, Halloween safety at Early Childhood Center, planting trees around the community, and Open Table. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Gracie is 
one all Iowans should strive for. Her willing-ness to serve truly embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her and Iowans like her in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Gracie for this achievement and wishing her nothing but continued success. HOUSTON’S BEST FROM TX–22 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Darius Anderson from George Ranch High School for being named the Touchdown Club of Houston’s Offensive Play-er of the Year. 
This running back sure can run. During his 
award winning senior year, Darius has rushed for over 1,700 yards and has 27 touchdowns. A young man of character and a strong work ethic, he no doubt makes his parents, coach-es, and teachers proud. The next trophy in his sights? The football state championship trophy he and his teammates will compete for this weekend. Best of luck to Darius and his Long-horn teammates. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Darius for all of his success. We look forward to seeing where his football career takes him. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote number 694. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on Roll Call vote number 694. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CURT TURNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Curt Tur-ner, of Creston, Iowa, for being selected as the Creston Citizen of the Year. 
Curt Turner graduated from Diagonal High 
School as valedictorian and attended the United States Air Force Academy Preparatory School in Colorado Springs. He moved to Creston in 1978 and opened his own insur-ance agency, American Family Insurance, in 1986. By the time Curt retired in 2008, he had led the company nationally in farm sales for 10 consecutive years. During his 22 years of working in insurance, he was also a major contributor to the Creston community. He was a member of the Elks, served on the school board from 1990–1999, remains an active member of his church, and in his retirement, continues to serve the community as a local Seniors’ Health Insurance Information Pro-gram (SHIIP) volunteer. 
Mr. Speaker, Curt’s dedication to his com-
munity and willingness to serve represents all that is great with our state. His efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him and Iowans like him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Curt for his achievements and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16DE8.002 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1803 December 16, 2015 
HONORING TED BEATTIE 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the President of Shedd Aquarium, Ted A. Beattie. 
After more than two decades of leadership 
at a world renowned aquarium, Mr. Beattie is retiring with a career record dedicated to ad-vancing conservation and education of ani-mals and ecosystems. Mr. Beattie came to Shedd Aquarium in January 1994 as the third President/CEO. During his tenure, his leader-ship and vision for the aquarium have led to the development and opening of six perma-nent exhibits, including the addition of Wild Reef and the re-imagination of Shedd’s Abbott Oceanarium marine mammal pavilion. 
Beyond that, Mr. Beattie oversaw the estab-
lishment of the Daniel P. Haerther Center for Conservation and Research, which now in-cludes a portfolio of eighteen global field re-search programs that span the world. He also added Shedd’s onsite animal hospital and lab facilities within the A. Watson Armour III Cen-ter for Aquatic Animal Health and Welfare, in-troduced a Master Energy Road Map de-signed to cut the aquarium’s energy consump-tion in half by 2020, opened the Shedd’s Teen Learning Lab, and helped the aquarium earn a position in Chicago’s top-attended paid cul-tural attraction for 17 of the last 21 years. 
It is clear that Mr. Beattie’s contributions to 
the aquarium have been extensive, but more broadly, he has contributed to the positive transformation of Museum Campus. This 57 acre addition to Grant Park is the heart of ex-ploration and discovery for millions of visitors along Chicago’s lakefront. 
The impact of Mr. Beattie’s leadership will 
be greatly missed by Shedd Aquarium and the City of Chicago. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and celebrating his work and accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, 
December 15, I missed votes due to being un-avoidably detained as a result of weather-re-lated flight delays. Had I been present, I would have voted in support of roll call vote Number 694. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REV. OLLIE AND 
ALTHA ODLE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Rev. Ollie and Altha Odle on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They were married on November 24, 1945 in Kansas City, Kansas. Rev. Ollie and Altha’s lifelong commitment 
to each other and their children, Terry, Ollie Jr. and Kathie, truly embodies our Iowa val-ues. It is families like the Odles that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN 
ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHIL-DREN: ENSURING ADMINISTRA-TION ACTION 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, last 
month, I chaired the fourth oversight hearing this year on implementation of the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act. 
The Goldman Act empowers the executive 
branch with powerful new tools and a myriad of ways to successfully resolve parental child abduction cases. Like any law, however, it is only as good as its implementation. 
Historically, 750–1,000 American children 
are unlawfully removed from their homes each year by one of their parents and taken across international borders. 
International parental child abduction rips 
children from their homes and takes them away to a foreign land, alienating them from the love and care of the parent and family left behind. 
Child abduction is child abuse. Its negative 
impact on the children and left behind families can last for years—even a lifetime. 
Two of our witnesses at the hearing—like 
many who were there and are around the country—know first-hand the trauma, the tears, the excruciating pain, and the longing and heartbreak of parental child abduction. 
David Goldman’s son Sean was abducted to 
Brazil and unlawfully retained for approxi-mately 5
1⁄2years. Mr. Goldman tenaciously 
pursued every legal means of return including expert counsel in his quest to bring Sean home. Today father and son are thriving. 
Captain Paul Toland continues his heroic 12 
year quest to bring his 13 year old daughter, Erica, home from Japan. Captain Toland re-fuses to quit or be deterred despite years of frustration and setbacks—such is this father’s incredible love for his precious daughter. 
Our first hope is to prevent, or at least miti-
gate the number of, abductions and the State Department is to be commended for imple-menting a provision of the Goldman Act that adds children that a judge has determined to be at risk of abduction to a ‘‘no fly’’ list. In 2014, we saw a decrease in the number of new abductions—150 fewer new cases than the previous year. 
But I am concerned that the State Depart-
ment has chosen not to impose any sanctions on any of those nations found to have en-gaged in a ‘‘pattern of noncompliance.’’ 
The Goldman Act, however, requires State 
Department action on individual cases that have been pending for more than a year if the 
foreign government has not been taking ade-quate steps to resolve the case. 
The Goldman Act also requires action when, 
collectively, a country has high numbers of cases—30 percent or more—that have been unresolved for over a year; or if the govern-ment is failing in their duties under the Hague Convention or other bilateral agreement; or if their law enforcement fails to enforce return or access orders. 
The Goldman Act not only shines a light on 
a country’s record through the annual designa-tion of countries showing a ‘‘pattern of non- compliance’’, it holds countries accountable and incentivizes systemic reform. Actions es-calate in severity, and range from official pro-tests through diplomatic channels, to public condemnation, to extradition, to the suspen-sion of development, security, or other foreign assistance. 
The Goldman Act was designed to raise the 
stakes on the foreign country’s inaction or ob-struction, and move the country to end the nightmare of abduction. 
In July we reviewed the State Department’s 
first annual report on abduction and access resolution rates around the world. The annual report had some major gaps and misleading information, some of which were corrected by the Supplemental Data posted by the State Department in August. 
Tragically, in contravention of both the spirit 
and letter of the Goldman Act, the State De-partment failed to list Japan—with more than 50 abduction cases—among the 22 countries showing a ‘‘pattern of noncompliance’’ and therefore eligible for Goldman Act sanctions. This glaring omission sent the unfortunate sig-nal that pre-Hague Japan cases were no longer a top priority—cases like that of Sgt. Michael Elias who has been denied any con-tact with his two young children, Jade and Mi-chael, after they were abducted to Japan in 2008. 
In September the State Department sent to 
Congress its first 90 day report on actions it took to bring the 22 most difficult countries to the resolution table. 
Those actions included demarches, judicial 
rulings, and meetings—all of which are nec-essary and of value—but noticeably absent was the imposition of any number of meaning-ful sanctions prescribed by the Goldman Act. 
I respectfully submit that this was a missed 
opportunity to convey to ‘‘pattern of non-com-pliance’’ nations that the United States is ab-solutely serious about resolving parental ab-duction. The imposition of sanctions says we mean business. (Sanctions are imposed on an entity to enforce civil rights laws and other policies of paramount importance) 
Notwithstanding section 103 of the Goldman 
Act, the Report makes no mention of MOUs or bilateral agreements to resolve cases—includ-ing and especially cases that existed prior to Japan’s ratification of the Hague. 
I—and others—have raised this concern for 
several years, especially for victims of Japan’s policies. Perhaps Assistant Secretary Bond can tell us if any bilateral agreements or MOUs are in the works. 
The report details the State Department’s 
efforts to persuade India to ratify the Hague Convention—a step that if not combined with an MOU to resolve current abduction cases, which number about 75, we risk replicating the extraordinary misery endured by left behind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.007 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1804 December 16, 2015 
parents after Japan ratified the Hague. If India 
ratified the Hague it will—like Japan—grand-father preexisting cases out of the convention resolution process. 
Bindu Philips, mother of Albert and Alfred, 
has struggled with her ex-husband in Indian courts for the return of her sons for nearly nine years. Ravi Parmar has been fighting for his son’s return for three years. 
Section 201 of the Goldman Act also re-
quires the State Department to conduct a re-view of individual cases pending 12 months or more to discern whether the foreign govern-ment has taken adequate steps to resolve the case or whether actions are warranted. This is the ‘‘individual case’’ trigger for actions (as op-posed to the ‘‘pattern of noncompliance’’ coun-try trigger). Despite a half-dozen Congres-sional letters from various members of Con-gress asking for Sec. 201 reviews of egre-gious cases, the State Department, to my knowledge, has not done a single review, much less applied actions. 
I am encouraged by a press statement by 
Secretary of State John Kerry. 
While noting that the Goldman Act provides 
‘‘additional tools to advocate for the return of 
abducted children’’ he states ‘‘there can be no safe haven for abductors. The Department of State will continue to use all the tools avail-able to us to help those involved in inter-national parental child abduction cases to re-solve their disputes and move forward with their lives.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL 
LUIS VISOT 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute 
to Major General Luis R. Visot of the United States Army Reserve who will retire after more than 37 years of exceptionally distinguished service culminating in assignment as Chief of Staff, Army Reserve. As Chief of Staff, Major General Visot oversaw staff operations at both the United States Army Reserve Command at Fort Bragg, North Carolina and the Office of the Chief of Army Reserve at Fort Belvoir, Vir-ginia. He immediately set out to improve effi-ciencies within and between the staffs to im-prove the quality and speed of decision mak-ing processes through deliberate staff inter-action both vertically and horizontally. I am grateful for his and his family’s life of service to the Army Reserve and wish him well as he transitions into retirement. 
Born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, MG Visot was 
commissioned as a 2LT in May 1978. He holds a Bachelor of Arts from Marquette Uni-versity in Milwaukee, WI and a Master’s in Education from the University of Georgia in Athens, GA. MG Visot received a Master’s in Strategic Studies from the United States Army War College. His military education includes: Infantry Airborne Basic Course, Quartermaster Officer Basic Course, Transportation Officer Advanced Course, Command and General Staff College, the Associate Logistics Execu-tive Development Course, the United States Army War College, the Advanced Joint Military Professional Education (AJPME), the Joint Flag Officer Warfighting Course, and CAP-STONE. Prior to assuming responsibilities as Chief of 
Staff, Major General Visot served as the Dep-uty Commanding General (Operations), United States Army Reserve Command from May 2012 to April 2014. During his tenure as DCG–O, he ably assisted the Chief of Army Reserve (CAR)/Commanding General, United States Army Reserve Command (USARC) in establishing and executing operational and strategic priorities consistent with those of Forces Command and Secretary of the Army. Major General Visot guided the Command as it provided continuous support to the war effort and executed multiple contingency deploy-ments in support of the Global War on Ter-rorism. Major General Visot executed dele-gated Mission Command over sixteen USARC Operational and Functional (O&F) Commands (over 160K Soldiers and $282 million OMAR and $567 million RPA budgets) to syn-chronize/integrate ARFORGEN implementa-tion and consolidate the readiness focus. 
With more than 37 years of Active Duty in 
support of the Army Reserve, MG Visot’s dis-tinguished career is marked by tremendous accomplishments, impacting across the breadth and depth of the Total Army. He is a leader who genuinely cares for Soldiers, Civil-ians and Families. Nothing is more important to him than caring for our Nation’s most pre-cious resource—our Soldiers. As a Citizen Soldier himself, Major General Visot is acutely 
aware of the challenges and sacrifices of Army Reserve Soldiers as they balance the demands of service to the Nation, community, and family well-being. He enthusiastically fos-tered a command culture emphasizing ‘‘Care for our Soldiers’’ and held Leaders account-able for the wellbeing of our Soldiers on and off duty. Major General Visot has proven to be a pivotal leader in the Army Reserve. His im-passioned leadership focus will have a posi-tive influence on the Army Reserve for years to come. 
As with all our Citizen Soldiers, it is impor-
tant that we acknowledge the University of South Florida for their outstanding support as MG Visot’s civilian employer. It is because of their cooperation and understanding during his many tours on Active Duty that he was able to make such a positive impact on the Army Re-serve. 
It is only fair and proper to acknowledge the 
tireless support of his wife, Dr. Cindy S. Visot, as her love and support enabled MG Visot to work tirelessly on his assigned duties. Dr. Visot is the Chief of Staff and the Director of Board of Trustees Operations at the University of South Florida. Let us thank her for all her sacrifices throughout their service. We con-gratulate MG and Dr. Visot on their many years of distinguished service and wish them continued success in the future. 
f 
UNDEFEATED COACH OF THE 
YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Coach Ricky Tullos for being named the Touchdown Club of Houston’s Coach of the Year. 
Coach Tullos has helped the young George 
Ranch Longhorn football program write quite a success story. Under Tullos’ guidance, the 
Longhorns are 44–8 and undefeated this sea-son. His players love the intensity he brings to the game and have great respect for him as a leader. This weekend, Coach Tullos will coach his team to victory in the state cham-pionship game. Coach Tullos, keep doing what you’re doing and bring home the cham-pionship. Good luck to you and your team this weekend. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Coach Tullos for being named Coach of the Year. The Longhorns are lucky to have a lead-er and mentor like him. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ZACK PEPPMEIER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Zack Peppmeier, of Shannon City, Iowa for earning the American FFA Degree. Zack was recently awarded this degree at the National FFA Con-vention and Expo in Louisville, Kentucky, on October 31. 
The American FFA Degree is awarded to 
members who have demonstrated the highest level of commitment to FFA and made signifi-cant accomplishments in their supervised agri-cultural experience. Zack had to meet certain requirements, such as studying agriculture for three years in high school, earning money in an agriculture field and investing that money into their business, as well as participating in community service and having a record of out-standing leadership ability and community in-volvement. Overall, Zack spent four years working towards and meeting these require-ments, and his hard work and years of dedica-tion has paid off. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
leaders like Zack in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on receiving this es-teemed designation, and in wishing him the best of luck in all his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DARRIELLE KING OF 
DESOTO FOR BEING RANKED AS THE EIGHTH-BEST SENIOR RE-CRUIT IN THE NATION BY THE PREPVOLLEYBALL.COM 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recog-nize Darrielle King. She is an Under Armour Second Team All American and a nominee for Gatorade Player of the Year. 
King was an outstanding defensive player 
on the volleyball court, totaling 147 solo blocks and 124 block assists. The All-Stater had 243 kills and was named District 8–6A’s out-standing blocker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.010 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1805 December 16, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 30th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all of my distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Darrielle King for her outstanding rec-ognition on and off the volleyball court. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
due to a funeral I attended in California, I was unable to cast my vote for Roll Call 694. Had I been present I would have voted: 
YES—H. Res. 536, Supporting freedom of 
the press in Latin America and the Caribbean and condemning violations of press freedom and violence against journalists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT AND EVELYN 
BIRKBY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Robert and Evelyn Birkby of Sidney, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 69th wedding anniversary. They were married on November 3, 1946 at the Sidney Methodist Church in Sidney, Iowa. 
Robert and Evelyn’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Birkbys that make me proud to represent our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 69th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT 
OF MS. TERRI CROOK FROM THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and celebrate Ms. Terri Crook as she retires from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), after serving 37 years as a Revenue Officer in the Collection Function. 
Terri received a Bachelor’s of Science de-
gree from Florida State University (FSU) in 1980. In 1991, she was selected as a Group Manager in the Collection Function. She later became an Analyst and served 401 Taxpayer Assistance Centers nationwide. In 2009, she was selected as the Local Taxpayer Advocate for South Florida and was ultimately selected to head an Innovative Training Team within the Taxpayer Advocate Service. 
Terri’s passion for advocacy and counseling 
to various taxpayers and organizations throughout South Florida is to be commended. 
She has devoted herself to serving as a Vol-unteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Volun-teer every year during Filing Season. In this capacity, she has prepared tax returns for people living in low-income areas. 
In her personal time, she co-wrote and di-
rected a one woman show entitled, ‘‘Don’t Be No Whole Fool Cause Life Ain’t No Dress Re-hearsal,’’ and donated all the proceeds from the show to charity. Furthermore, she has also helped children at her local Boys and Girls Club develop their public speaking skills. 
Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pride to rec-
ognize Ms. Terri Crook on her retirement from the IRS. I want to thank her for her years of service, and wish her all the very best as she embarks on a new chapter in her life. 
f 
PATENT NO LONGER PENDING 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-
late young Liliana Segura of Katy, Texas for recently being awarded a patent from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). 
While a student at Beckendorff Junior High, 
she was fortunate enough to enroll in a Gifted and Talented Independent Study with Mentorship course. During this course, Liliana brilliantly invented a new clipboard design and worked with her mentor to file a patent appli-cation with the USPTO as an eighth grader. Her design for the ‘‘Particulate Collecting Pad’’ was awarded a patent for her insightful and in-genious creation. Liliana’s invention is a testa-ment to the innovation and ideas our students are capable of achieving when given the op-portunity. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Liliana on her now patented invention. Keep working hard and dreaming big. 
f 
HONORING 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
FOR 31ST STREET BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the members of the 31st Street Baptist Church in Richmond, Virginia on their 100th anniversary. 
During the turn of the last century, African 
Americans continued to face significant op-pression and discrimination. In 1895, despite the adversity facing the Black community, Afri-can American Baptist Churches came together to form the National Baptist Convention of the United States to strengthen and unify Baptist Churches. Today, it is the largest predomi-nately Black Christian denomination in the United States. 
The 31st Street Baptist Church grew out of 
this movement and was consecrated in 1915. The church quickly established itself as a leading voice in the Richmond community and its congregation rapidly grew. Members were active in the community and encouraged to at-
tend the historic March on Washington in 1963. Sadly in 1966, the church structure was burned down. But out of the ashes, 31st Street Baptist Church persevered and its cur-rent sanctuary was built. 
From 1982 to 2007, Reverend Darrel Rollins 
led the church. Under his leadership the church prospered even further. The congrega-tion grew from 150 to 1,300 and the church added more than 50 new ministries. These ministries included assistance to seniors, nutri-tion assistance, and a consortium of three sis-ter churches. Today, the Church feeds 70 to 250 people a day during the summer in the East End community. The physical building of the church has also grown and has become accessible to all. 
More recently, the 31st Baptist Church was 
recognized by the Tricycle Gardens, a non-profit working to expand access to healthy foods in Richmond, with the Golden Trowel award for the church’s community garden that contributes to the food available at their soup kitchen. The garden has continued to grow under Rev. Dr. Morris Henderson’s leadership and has even received a farm serial number from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The First Lady’s Let’s Move! Initiative has also rec-ognized the church and its urban farm for its positive impact on the community. This unique garden is just one of the many ways that 31st Baptist Church has served and enriched the Richmond community. 
Mr. Speaker, as the 31st Street Baptist 
Church of Richmond, Virginia celebrates this historic anniversary, the congregation can re-joice in 100 years of fellowship and service to the Richmond community. I wish them many more years of joy and dedicated service to the community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE NORWALK HIGH 
SCHOOL DEBATE TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Nor-walk High School Debate Team for winning State Debate Championship for the first time in 22 years. 
I would like to congratulate each member of 
the team: 
Varsity Debaters: Joe Oswald, Collin Kil-
gore, Melinda Klawonn, Alex Johnson, Liah Moeller, and Noah Percy 
Coach: Jenipher Sutherland Mr. Speaker, the success of this team and 
their coach demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am hon-ored to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating these young people for competing in this rigorous competition and wishing them all nothing but continued suc-cess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.014 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1806 December 16, 2015 
MRS. SUZANNE WRIGHT 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I recently learned that Suzanne Wright, co-founder of Autism Speaks and a member of the organization’s board, has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer Suzanne is taking a leave of absence from her work with Autism Speaks to focus on her medical care. 
In 2005, Suzanne and Bob Wright co-found-
ed Autism Speaks after their grandson Chris-tian was diagnosed with autism. Over the last ten years, Autism Speaks has become a world leader in educating people about autism spec-trum disorder and advocating for individuals with autism. 
Since Autism Speaks’ founding, Suzanne 
has led the organization’s signature global awareness initiatives. She was instrumental in establishing April 2nd as World Autism Aware-ness Day by the United Nations, for example, and she launched the global Light It Up Blue campaign and established World Focus on Autism, Autism Speaks’ annual meeting of First Ladies from around the globe. 
Suzanne has been a tireless advocate for 
autistic individuals and their families. She is known to countless families for her personal notes and generosity, as well as for her lead-ership and support of many Autism Speaks Walks around the country. I urge my col-leagues to keep Suzanne in their thoughts and prayers and to continue to be motivated by her example. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE POMPEO 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
votes nos. 690 through 693, on Friday, De-cember 11, 2015, I was unable to cast my vote in person due to a previously scheduled engagement. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on roll calls 690, 691, and 693. I would have voted no on roll call 692. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATIE PATTERSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Katie Pat-terson for being named an Innovation Iowa— Women of Innovation award winner in 2015. 
In November, the Technology Association of 
Iowa honored 10 Iowa women with innovation awards. This is an award that elevates and celebrates today’s extraordinary women and recognizes women who are leaders in science, technology, engineering, and math. Katie was recognized as a Rising Star. She is the founder of Happy Medium, a digital media and advertising agency. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
leaders like Katie in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I congratu-
late her for utilizing her talents to better both the community of Des Moines and the state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Katie on receiving this es-teemed designation, and in wishing her noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
CLASS 1A—ARCOLA HIGH SCHOOL 
FOOTBALL TEAM STATE CHAM-PIONS 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge the Purple Raiders of Arcola Jr. Sr. High School as the IHSA Class 1A high school state champions. 
On November 27, 2015 Arcola defeated 
Stark County by 35–17 winning the Class 1A State Championship. I would like to recognize the effort of this amazing team and congratu-late them on their historic season as they cel-ebrate their first state championship title in 27 years. 
I would also like to congratulate the Strader 
family. Brothers Clayton and Connor and their cousin Chase for contributing to six touch-downs and several tackles. Tommy Eddleman, Jim Fishel, Aldo Garcia, Chad Hopkins, Jarod Kiger, and John Lidy make up the coaching staff which supported Athletic Director and Head Coach, Zach Zehr to provide great lead-ership for these talented football players. 
I look forward to the continued success of 
the Arcola Jr. Sr. High School. I extend my best wishes for another outstanding season next year. 
The following are Arcola Purple Raider Var-
sity Football players: Conner Strader, Clayton Strader, Parker Ingram, Kollin Seaman, Martin Rund, Daniel Mendoza, Victor Gonzalez, Myles Roberts, Blake Lindenmeyer, Seth Still, Chase Strader, Mario Cortez, Sam Crane, Alec Downs, Tony Salinas, Wyatt Fishel, Giovanni Salinas, Brandon Lebeter, Cole Hut-ton, Rey Garza, Ethan Still, Mason Gentry, Javi Leal, Pablo Rodriguez, Kaleb Byard, Jonny Garza, Dalton Pantier, Gavin Coombe, Luke Spencer, Tito Garcia, Clayton Kuhring, Jack Spencer, Alex Kauffman, Aaron Dudley, Grant McPherson, Jorge Garza, and Jack Nacke. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,775,084,981,439.86. We’ve 
added $8,140,759,141,496.86 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. TRIBUTE TO CINDY THOMPSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Cindy Thompson of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being honored with the Outstanding Individual Lead-er Award by the Iowa Tourism Office and the Travel Federation of Iowa. 
Cindy has worked for the Pottawattamie 
County Conservation Board and the commu-nities in southwest Iowa since 1989. She spends her time working on tourism projects throughout the area. The leadership skills she demonstrates has helped the tourism industry to grow and expand in southwest Iowa. Cindy contributes her success to the great people with whom she has had the privilege to work. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Cindy for earning this award. It is because of Iowans like her that I’m proud to represent the people of our great state. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Cindy for this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RETIREMENT 
OF DEBBIE LOCKE-DANIEL 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the achievements of Debbie Locke- Daniel and her many years of service to the City of Ypsilanti and Washtenaw County. Mrs. Locke-Daniel served as the President and CEO of the Ypsilanti Area Convention and Visitors Bureau (Visit YPSI) where she used her business acumen to help successfully market the Ypsilanti-Ann Arbor area as a des-tination for numerous meetings, events and conventions. Known for her relentless work ethic and leadership talents, Mrs. Locke-Dan-iel has enabled the Ypsilanti area to grow its economy and promote its strengths across Michigan and the nation. 
Mrs. Locke-Daniel is a true community lead-
er and has served on numerous boards in-cluding a leadership role as Past Chair of the MotorCities National Area Partnership which works to cultivate an appreciation for the rich heritage of Michigan’s auto industry. Mrs. Locke-Daniel also served as Vice President of the Board for the Ypsilanti Wheels on Meals, which delivers prepared meals to homebound, disabled, and infirmed residents, and earned the 2012 Ypsilanti Kiwanis Community Service Award for her efforts. In addition, she has been a board member of both the Marnee Di-vine Foundation (Catholic Social Services in Washtenaw County) and the Michigan Fire-house Museum. 
Visit YPSI is more than a tourism agency; it 
is a vehicle for economic and community de-velopment. For many years, this organization has awarded grants to small communities such as Manchester, Dexter, and Superior Township. These grants have been used to create town entry signs, public maps, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.021 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1807 December 16, 2015 
landscaping alterations with the hope of in-
creased tourism activity. Without Mrs. Locke- Daniel’s vision and stewardship of funds, many communities would not have had the ability to further their own economic growth projects which is critical to the success of our region. 
One of the remarkable achievements of Visit 
YPSI was its receipt of the Destination Mar-keting Accreditation Program designation. This international accreditation recognizes entities for their high level performance in destination marketing and management. To date, only one percent of convention and visitors bu-reaus within Michigan, and seven percent na-tionally, have earned this prestigious recogni-tion. 
Mrs. Locke-Daniel was largely responsible 
for forming a team which was able to create a body of work that met such stringent inter-national standards. Described as the ultimate team player, the success of Visit YPSI has been attributed to her ability to empower staff to seek creative solutions and grow within their positions. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor and congratulate Mrs. Debbie Locke-Daniel on her retirement and years of service to her community. Although she will be missed, her achievements will continue to have a positive impact on our community for years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND DEDI-
CATED SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S JAMES RANDELL ‘‘RANDY’’ STOKES, SR. 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with profound sadness that I rise to honor the life and dedicated service of James Randell ‘‘Randy’’ Stokes, Sr. of Fort Walton Beach, Florida, who died on December 8, 2015. 
Mr. Stokes was born in Andalusia, Alabama 
in the fall of 1932. During the Korean War, he left high school to join the United States Army and became an intelligence sergeant. Al-though only 18 years old, he graduated in the top eight from the Light Artillery Battalion Leadership School. In 1952, Mr. Stokes was honorably discharged and returned home to Andalusia to finish high school, where he let-tered in football, basketball, baseball, and track. Following graduation, he attended Troy State University to play football and study en-gineering. Then, in 1954, he transferred to Au-burn University where he received his Bach-elor’s degree in Architecture. 
In 1959, Mr. Stokes moved to Fort Walton 
Beach, the city he would call home until his passing. Upon arriving in Florida, he began working at Ricks and Kendrick Architect, Inc. and became partner after 10 years. In 1988, he started his own firm—Stokes Architectural, Inc. 
Mr. Stokes has been honored by the Florida 
Association of the American Institute of Archi-tects for his leadership and community service benefitting the profession of architecture. His architectural work is on display in many North-west Florida landmarks, including Saint Mary’s School and Church in Fort Walton Beach, Niceville High School, Choctawhatchee High 
School, Fort Walton Beach High School, Northwest Florida State College, the Greater Fort Walton Beach Chamber of Commerce building, the Walton County Chamber of Com-merce building, White Wilson Medical Center, and Westwood Retirement Center, among oth-ers. 
In addition to his architectural contributions, 
Mr. Stokes was a leader in Northwest Florida’s civic society, serving as president of the Greater Fort Walton Beach Chamber of Com-merce, twice as president of the local YMCA, councilmember and Mayor of the City of Mary Esther, president of the Fort Walton Beach Rotary Club, and a member of the Krewe of Bowlegs. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the U.S. House of 
Representatives, I am proud to honor the dedicated service of Randy Stokes. Vicki and I will keep his entire family, especially his son, James Jr. and daughter-in-law, Andrea; daughter, Judy and son-in-law, Ken; daughter, Jennifer; daughter, Janet and son-in-law, Don; as well as his grandchildren Ross, Annie, Ryan, Christina, Drew, Conner, LylaKae, Bryna, Rand, and Champ; his nieces Terri and Mellie; and his siblings Betty, Tommy, Kevin, Jerry, and Silvia in our thoughts and prayers. 
f 
SUCCESS ON AND OFF THE FIELD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Paddy Fisher of Katy High School for winning the Greater Houston High School Rotary Lombardi Award. 
Each year the Rotary Lombardi Award is 
awarded to a player who displays talent, lead-ership, and respect on and off the football field. The award honors Vince Lombardi’s leg-acy and recognizes talented Houston athletes. Paddy, a senior at Katy High School, was se-lected as this year’s recipient for his out-standing talents on the defensive side of the ball and for being a leader on the team. Pad-dy’s parents and coaches are no doubt proud of his talent and character. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Paddy for winning this prestigious award. We wish him continued success at North-western on and off the field. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROBERT DICK DOUG-
LAS, JR. THE LONGEST SERVING EAGLE SCOUT IN BOY SCOUT HISTORY—90 YEARS AN EAGLE 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, as a member 
of the Congressional Scouting Caucus, I rise today to honor Robert Dick Douglas, Jr., the longest serving Eagle Scout in Boy Scout His-tory, who on December 8, 2015, celebrated 90 Years as an Eagle. 
Mr. Douglas joined the Boy Scouts July 23, 
1923, on his 11th Birthday in Greensboro, NC, and earned his Eagle Award 2 years, 4 
months and 15 days later, on December 8, 1925, at the age of 13 and has been active in Scouting ever since. 
He was recently an honored guest at the 
History of Scouting Trail (HOST) Annual Con-gressional Gala and quoted from memory what he called ‘‘His Guiding Star’’ almost 90 years after his Father, Judge Robert Dick Douglas, Sr., Chairman of the Greensboro Council Court of Honor, penned it as the win-ning essay for a local Community Chest Con-test in 1926, to describe Scouting’s goals in 50 words or less. 
‘‘Scouting safeguards your boy by proper 
companionship, guides him by adult leader-ship and develops him with a well-considered program of activities for the purpose of making him more reverent to God, more loyal to his country, more helpful to his fellow man and more useful to himself.’’ 
Following these words, Robert Dick Doug-
las, Jr. has enjoyed unparalleled Scouting suc-cess and adventure traveling to the far reaches of Africa and Alaska in the late 1920’s and early 1930’s, writing three bestselling ac-counts, which helped pave the way for an ex-emplary life as an Attorney & Community Servant. 
As such, he recently received The Distin-
guished Eagle Scout Award (September 24, 2015) and 16 of my fellow Representatives who are Eagle Scouts joined together and signed a Special Letter of Congratulation to Mr. Douglas. 
I know they would wholeheartedly join me 
again today in recognizing this Historic Achievement—90 Years an Eagle Scout and the Longest Serving Eagle Scout in Boy Scout History. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STACIE EUKEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Stacie Euken, of Wiota, Iowa, for being selected as the 2015 Bob Joslin Award winner at the Iowa Farm Bureau annual meeting in December. 
Stacie grew up on a hog farm in Cass 
County and studied Agriculture Education and Communications at Iowa State University. She now farms with her husband near Wiota and serves as the Cass County Farm Bureau president. Stacie takes every opportunity given to her to volunteer and promote agriculture, whether that’s helping the local Pork Pro-ducers at a grill out, teaching kids about agri-culture at community events, or going to Washington, D.C. to speak to legislators. She is a true Iowan, through and through. 
Mr. Speaker, Stacie’s dedication to advanc-
ing the agriculture community not only in Iowa but across the nation is truly commendable. Her efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her and Iowans like her in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Stacie for her achievements and wishing her nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.027 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1808 December 16, 2015 
RECOGNIZING CHIEF WILLIAM 
‘‘TONY’’ FARRAR 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Chief William ‘‘Tony’’ Farrar of the Ri-alto Police Department for his outstanding service to the community. 
For 34 years, Chief Farrar has actively 
served in various capacities to lead officers in the Rialto Police Department. His work has been described as exemplary by colleagues on account of his extreme professionalism and compassionate nature. Among Chief Farrar’s many accomplishments include his induction into the Evidence-Based Policing Hall of Fame for his scientific evaluation of policing prac-tices. Throughout his tenure, he has received widespread commendation for his leadership and extensive knowledge of tactical oper-ations. 
As Chief of Police, Chief Farrar has been a 
major proponent of integrating new tech-nologies into everyday police activities. In doing so, he is an advocate for ‘‘evidence- based policing,’’ which consists of imple-menting tactics that have demonstrated prov-en effectiveness. He understands the com-plexities of modern-day policing, and insists on officers continuing their education throughout their careers in order to gain a continual un-derstanding of the field. Chief Farrar’s outlook has been essential for maintaining an active police force that provides public safety to peo-ple in the region. 
Most recently, Chief Farrar has been in-
volved in researching Body Worn Video de-vices that are being implemented in police de-partments throughout the United States His work is contributing to the growing field of lit-erature on the subject and is developing future police tactics. Last year, the Journal of Quan-titative Criminology published an article written by him analyzing the effects of these devices on the use of force and citizens’ complaints against police. His knowledge in this field is bolstered by the master’s degree that he re-ceived from the University of Cambridge in 2013 along with the many fellowships that he has participated in throughout the years. 
Chief Farrar is retiring from the Rialto Police 
Department, and on December 21, many members of the community will be partici-pating in a walk of honor to celebrate his leg-acy. This momentous event will be a dem-onstration of the lasting impact that he has made on residents in the area. While he will surely be missed, I am excited to see how he will continue to be a part of the community. 
For his heroic contributions to the Rialto Po-
lice Department, and for his many other achievements, I would like to recognize Chief Tony Farrar. 
f 
DRUG RESISTANT TB: THE NEXT 
GLOBAL HEALTH CRISIS? 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, last 
week, I convened a hearing on an extremely urgent issue, focused on addressing what may 
very well be the next global health crisis: drug resistant tuberculosis. 
Just as Ebola surprised many at the ferocity 
with which it spread, all of us must be con-cerned that the world is not fully prepared to meet the threat from this highly contagious air-borne disease which killed 1.5 million people last year alone. That translates to over 4,000 people a day—4,000 lives that ended pre-maturely, including young children. 
The World Health Organization released its 
Global Tuberculosis report just over a month ago and appealed to the world to beef up ef-forts to combat TB, and yesterday, in Cape Town South Africa, the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease con-cluded its annual meeting, having gathered experts in fighting TB from all over the world. These are positive signs, showing that the global health community continues to surge to-ward ending TB by 2035—or sooner. 
While most TB is curable if diagnosed and 
patients strictly adhere to a treatment regimen, some 6 million new cases of TB were reported to WHO in 2014. However it is likely that the number of people who contracted TB far ex-ceeds this number—and may be as high as 9.6 million people. These people need to be diagnosed with a diagnostic that is fast and re-liable and able to detect drug resistances, and treated, so they can lead healthy productive lives. 
On a myriad of fronts there is reason for 
hope. For example the Expert MTB/RIF can diagnose TB and resistance to rifampicin with-in two hours, an amazing breakthrough. As CDC’s Tom Friedman testified, this new diag-nostic holds great promise. This new diag-nostic holds great promise in enabling rapid detection of drug resistance, and the U.S. Government has led the global effort to scale up access to this test. The increase in the pro-portion of drug-resistant TB cases diagnosed and started on treatment over the past several years is largely attributable to the scale-up of this test. 
Yet the tragic fact remains that some 
480,000 new cases of hard-to-treat cases of multidrug resistant TB—a disease which often hits the poorest of the poor—are estimated to have occurred in 2014, yet only about 25 per cent of these, or 123,000 cases were detected and reported, leaving a whopping 75 percent undetected and untreated. 
Given the ease at which TB can spread 
through the air—especially through coughing—and the fact that people with weak-ened immune systems are more susceptible, one can see how left untreated MDR TB and its even more pernicious cousin, XDR or Ex-tensively Drug Resistant TB can be cata-strophic to individuals and wreak havoc on public health and public health systems. 
To illustrate how fragile health systems can 
be overwhelmed, a course of treatment for normal, drug susceptible TB costs roughly be-tween $100 and $500, depending on the country. For MDR TB, the cost is roughly be-tween $5,000 and $10,000 per patient. 
To respond fully to the TB crisis, the WHO 
estimates that some $8 billion per year is needed. Unfortunately, there is a global budg-et shortfall of about $1.4 billion. We need to lead not only in terms of providing funding, but 
also in terms of encouraging others—other countries, but also the private sector and foun-dations—in meeting this need by closing this gap. Now is the time for a significantly enhanced 
response. A sustained focus on tuberculosis prevention today will save lives and money to-morrow, helping people the world over as well as protecting the homeland from what other-wise could become a global pandemic. 
Our 3 witnesses from the hearing are ex-
traordinary leaders in the health field and ex-perts on TB. They—like many on sub-committee—believe we can at least mitigate TB in the short term and eliminate this deadly infectious disease by 2035, just as we have successfully fought polio. It takes political will, however, and an investment of resources that will pay dividends for healthier people in the long run. 
The subcommittee will continue to work 
hard on combatting TB, along with members of the House Tuberculosis Elimination Caucus, whose co-chair is my good friend from New York, Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , who 
joined the hearing last week. We also had some very outstanding leaders in the global fight against TB who briefed us and gave testi-mony at the hearing. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR JAMES BELT, 
JR. 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness that I recognize the life and passing of James Belt, Jr. Mr. Belt, Jr. was a very prominent and well-respected leader in the community. As a activist, he also served our community by of-fering his words of wisdom and years of knowledge and experience. 
For close to 40 years, he has served the 
community as a civil and criminal lawyer. He received his Bachelor of Business Administra-tion Degree from Pan American University, Edinburg, in 1968. And went on to earn a Juris Doctorate from Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University in Houston in 1977. He opened his private prac-tice in the heart of South Dallas, where he served those who needed him most. Mr. Belt, Jr. was also a Dallas Examiner co-publisher, sat on the board of the National Newspaper Publisher Association, the official Black Press of America and the NNPA Foundation Board. 
During the early 2000s, he co-hosted Dallas 
Examiner Live on KNON Radio. He previously sat on the Texas Southern University Board of Regents in Houston, Dallas Area Rapid Tran-sit Board and the Texas Rural Foundation Board. 
He was the founder of the Dallas Black 
Criminal Bar Association—an organization of Black lawyers in the private practice of law in Dallas County. He was a member of the Na-tional Bar Association, Texas Bar Association, J.L. Turner Legal Association and the Inns of Court. He was also a lifetime member of the NAACP. 
Mr. Speaker, it is in earnest respect that I 
recognize the memory of James Belt, Jr. be-fore this body of Congress and this nation for the irreplaceable contributions he made to the community of Dallas and the State of Texas. My sincere condolences go out to his wife of 45 years, Mollie F. Belt; his children, James C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.032 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1809 December 16, 2015 
Belt III, Melanie Belt, MD and Carlos Cavazos; 
10 grandchildren, Brittany Cavazos, Jerry Cavazos, C.J. Cavazos, Joshua Cavazos, Mi-chael Cavazos, Lejond Cavazos, Chloe Cavazos, Bryce Belt, Dylan Belt and Melania McDaniel; two daughter-in-laws, Melba Cavazos and Cherrese Belt; and one son-in- law, Demetrius McDaniel, Esq. While his loss will be deeply felt, the memory of his kindness and the recollection of his good deeds will transcend into future generations. 
f 
A DOZEN YEARS OF KEEPING 
PEARLAND SAFE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate Pearland Fire Chief Vance Riley for his 12 years of service on the Texas Gov-ernor’s EMS and Trauma Advisory Council (GETAC). 
Chief Riley was first appointed to the Coun-
cil in 2004 under Governor Rick Perry. After six years of dedicated service, he was ap-
pointed Chair of GETAC in 2010. GETAC re-views EMS and Trauma rules and rec-ommends changes that need to be made. It also develops certification plans for emer-gency personnel and plans for emergency medical services. Now, after 12 years of serv-ice, Governor Abbott recently presented Chief Riley with a certificate of appreciation for his outstanding work and dedication. Pearland and all of Texas have benefitted from Chief Riley’s leadership and commitment to keeping our communities safe. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, thank you to Chief Riley for his 12 years of service to our great state. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, De-
cember 17, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 20 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan. 
SR–232A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16DE8.033 E16DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1325 Wednesday, December 16, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.J. Res. 78, Further Continuing Appropriations. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8689–S8732. 
Measures Introduced: Four bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 2406–2409.                                      Page S8725 
Measures Reported: 
S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act 
to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Riv-ers System, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–182) 
S. 556, to protect and enhance opportunities for 
recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–183) 
S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to 
establish a bison management plan for Grand Can-yon National Park. (S. Rept. No. 114–184) 
S. 1583, to authorize the expansion of an existing 
hydroelectric project, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–185) 
S. 1592, to clarify the description of certain Fed-
eral land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National For-est. (S. Rept. No. 114–186) 
S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to au-
thorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–187) 
S. 1941, to authorize, direct, expedite, and facili-
tate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, 
Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 114–188) 
S. 1942, to require a land conveyance involving 
the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 114–189) S. 2046, to authorize the Federal Energy Regu-
latory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska. (S. Rept. No. 114–190) 
S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Public Land 
Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relat-ing to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wil-derness in the State of Oregon, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–191) 
S. 2083, to extend the deadline for commence-
ment of construction of a hydroelectric project. (S. Rept. No. 114–192) 
H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior 
and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative juris-diction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search- and-recovery missions. (S. Rept. No. 114–193) 
H.R. 1324, to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho 
National Forest, Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 114–194) 
H.R. 1554, to require a land conveyance involving 
the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 114–195) 
H.R. 2223, to authorize, direct, expedite, and fa-
cilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Coun-ties, Colorado. (S. Rept. No. 114–196) 
                                                                                    Pages S8724–25 
Measures Passed: 
Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection 
Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged 
from further consideration of S. 238, to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons, and the bill was then passed.
    Pages S8703–04 
Federal Perkins Loan Program Extension Act: 
Senate passed H.R. 3594, to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8704–08 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Mar 30, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\DEC 2015\D16DE5.REC D16DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1326 December 16, 2015 
Alexander Amendment No. 2929, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                           Pages S8707–09 
Further Continuing Appropriations: Senate 
passed H.J. Res. 78, making further continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2016.
                       Page S8723 
Securing Fairness in Regulatory Timing Act: 
Senate passed H.R. 3831, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to extend the annual com-ment period for payment rates under Medicare Ad-vantage.
                                                                           Page S8728 
Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of 
Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act: Sen-
ate passed S. 1616, to provide for the identification and prevention of improper payments and the identi-fication of strategic sourcing opportunities by re-viewing and analyzing the use of Federal agency charge cards, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S8728–29 
McConnell (for Carper) Amendment No. 2930, in 
the nature of a substitute.                              Pages S8728–29 
25th Anniversary of Democracy in Mongolia: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 189, expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 25th anniversary of democ-racy in Mongolia.
                                                       Page S8729 
Peaceful Elections in Burma: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 320, congratulating the people of Burma on their commitment to peaceful elections, after agree-ing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                          Pages S8729–30 
135th Anniversary of Diplomatic Relations with 
Romania: Senate agreed to S. Res. 326, celebrating 
the 135th anniversary of diplomatic relations be-tween the United States and Romania.
          Page S8730 
Violence Against Women and Children by ISIS: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 310, condemning the ongo-ing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other reli-gious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria 
militants and urging the prosecution of the perpetra-tors and those complicit in these crimes, after agree-ing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8730–32 
McConnell (for Lankford) Amendment No. 2931, 
to define ‘‘complicit’’ for purposes of the resolution. 
                                                                                            Page S8732 
Measures Indefinitely Postponed: 
Adjournment Resolution: Senate indefinitely 
postponed H. Con. Res. 91, providing for a condi-tional adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
                                                                                            Page S8728 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the Majority Leader be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Wednesday, December 
16, 2015.
                                                                       Page S8723 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Gabriel Camarillo, of Texas, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of the Air Force. 
Thomas Edgar Rothman, of Maryland, to be a 
Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2016. 
Thomas O. Melia, of Maryland, to be an Assistant 
Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. 
Marcel John Lettre, II, of Maryland, to be Under 
Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S8732 
Steven Michael Haro, of Virginia, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Commerce.                   Pages S8728, S8732 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Paul Lewis Abrams, of California, to be United 
States District Judge for the Central District of Cali-fornia. 
Suzanne Mitchell, of Oklahoma, to be United 
States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. 
Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States 
District Judge for the Western District of Okla-homa. 
Ronald G. Russell, of Utah, to be United States 
District Judge for the District of Utah.
        Page S8732 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8724 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S8725 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8725–26 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8723–24 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S8726–27 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8728 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S8728 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11:01 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:52 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, December 17, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8732.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
STRATEGY IN AFGHANISTAN 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the Administration’s strategy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16DE5.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1327 December 16, 2015 
in Afghanistan, after receiving testimony from Rich-
ard G. Olson, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, Department of State; Donald L. Sam-pler, Assistant to the Administrator and Director of the Office of Afghanistan and Pakistan Affairs, United States Agency for International Development; Ali A. Jalali, National Defense University Near East 
South Asia Center for Strategic Studies, Department of Defense; and James B. Cunningham, Atlantic Council South Asia Center, and Jodi Vittori, Global Witness, both of Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4262–4279; and 3 resolutions, H.J. Res. 78–79; and H. Res. 567, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H9373–75 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9375–76 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 566, providing for consideration of the 
Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the pe-
riod from December 19, 2015, through January 4, 2016; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–382). 
                                                                                            Page H9373 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Rear Admiral Margaret Grun Kibben, Chief of Chaplains for the United States Navy, Washington, DC.
                                        Page H9331 
Resignation of the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: Read a letter 
from Ed Cassidy, in which he submitted his resigna-tion as Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, effective upon the election of his successor.
                                                                        Page H9332 
Administration of the Oath of Office to an Offi-cer of the House: The Speaker administered the 
Oath of Office to William Plaster of the Common-wealth of Virginia to act as and to exercise the du-ties of Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, effective December 31, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page H9332 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthor-
ization Act of 2015: Concur in the Senate amend-
ment to H.R. 2820, to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 421 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, 
Roll No. 695;                                         Pages H9333–35, H9339 
National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Ex-
tension Act of 2015: H.R. 4246, to exempt for an 
additional 4-year period, from the application of the means-test presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and members of the National Guard who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
419 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 696; 
                                                                Pages H9335–37, H9339–40 
Emergency Information Improvement Act of 
2015: S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Dis-
aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to pro-vide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote 
of 420 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 697; 
                                                                Pages H9337–38, H9340–41 
Further continuing appropriations for fiscal 
year 2016: H.J. Res. 78, making further continuing 
appropriations for fiscal year 2016;                   Page H9338 
Hizballah International Financing Prevention 
Act of 2015: Concur in the Senate amendments to 
H.R. 2297, to prevent Hizballah and associated enti-ties from gaining access to international financial and other institutions, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
425 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 698; 
                                                                      Pages H9341–46, H9356 
First Responders Passport Act of 2015: H.R. 
3750, amended, to waive the passport fees for first responders proceeding abroad to aid a foreign coun-try suffering from a natural disaster, by a 
2⁄3yea- 
and-nay vote of 421 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 699; 
                                                                Pages H9346–48, H9356–57 
Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Ha-
vens Act: H.R. 4239, amended, to require intel-
ligence community reporting on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad, by a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16DE5.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1328 December 16, 2015 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting 
‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 700; and           Pages H9349–52, H9357–58 
Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Shar-
ing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015: H.R. 3878, amended, to enhance cybersecurity infor-mation sharing and coordination at ports in the United States.
                                                      Pages H9352–55 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:43 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                            Pages H9355–56 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Tuesday, December 15th: 
Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act of 
2015: H.R. 3654, amended, to require a report on 
United States strategy to combat terrorist use of so-cial media.
                                                                     Page H9341 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, December 17.
                  Page H9358 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:08 p.m. and recon-
vened at 7:34 p.m.                                                    Page H9372 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Global Health Innovation Act of 2015: H.R. 
2241, amended, to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the pro-grams, projects, and activities of the Agency. 
                                                                                    Pages H9348–49 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and message received from the Senate appear on pages H9346, H9372. 
Senate Referrals: S. 571 was referred to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 238 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
                                                                                            Page H9346 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9339, H9340, H9340–41, H9356, H9356–57, and H9357–58. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:37 p.m. Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL 
PROTECTION BUREAU’S MASS DATA 
COLLECTION PROGRAM 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau’s Mass Data Collection Program’’. Testimony was heard from former Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives Newt Gingrich; and public witnesses. 
THE FUTURE OF U.S.-PAKISTAN 
RELATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Pakistan Rela-tions’’. Testimony was heard from Richard Olson, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, Department of State. 
EGYPT TWO YEARS AFTER MORSI, PART II 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Egypt Two Years After Morsi (Part II)’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD, 
OFFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS, AND OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNCIL REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB), Office of Government Ethics (OGE), and Office of Special Council (OSC) Reauthorization’’. Testimony was heard from Walter M. Shaub, Jr., Director, Office of Government Ethics; Carolyn N. Lerner, Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel; and Susan Tsui Grundmann, Chair, Merit Systems Protection Board. 
SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
Senate amendment to H.R. 2029, the ‘‘Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a rule that provides for con-sideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2029. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with two House amendments: Amend-ment #1 (consolidated appropriations) consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–39 modified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16DE5.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1329 December 16, 2015 
by the amendment printed in the Rules Committee 
report; Amendment #2 (tax extenders) consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–40. The rule provides one hour of debate on House amendment #1 equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ap-propriations. The rule provides one hour debate on House amendment #2 equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion and provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the question shall be divided between the two House amendments. No further division of the ques-tion is in order. The rule provides that either portion of the divided question may be subject to postpone-ment as though under clause 8 of rule XX and shall be considered in the order specified by the chair. The rule provides that clause 5(b) of rule XXI shall not apply to the motion. In section 4, the rule pro-vides that if only House amendment #2 is adopted, that amendment shall be engrossed as an amendment in the nature of a substitute to the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 2029. In section 5, the rule provides that the chair of the Committee on Appropriations may insert in the Congressional Record at any time during the remainder of the first session of the 114th Congress such material as he may deem ex-planatory of the Senate amendment and the motion. In section 6, the rule provides that on any legislative 
day of the first session of the 114th Congress after December 18, 2015: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be an-nounced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In section 7, the rule provides that on any legislative day of the second session of the 114th Congress be-fore January 5, 2016: the Speaker may dispense with organizational and legislative business; the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be consid-ered as approved if applicable; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in de-claring the adjournment. In section 8, the rule pro-vides that the Speaker may appoint Members to per-form the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by sections 6 and 7. In section 9, the rule provides that each day during the period ad-dressed by sections 6 and 7 of the resolution shall not constitute calendar days for the purposes of sec-tion 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 
1546). In section 10, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by sections 6 and 7 of the resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for the purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII (resolutions of inquiry). In section 11, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time through the legislative day of December 18, 2015, for the Speaker to enter-tain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designa-tion of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. Finally, in section 12, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to con-sider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported from the Rules Committee through the legislative day of December 18, 2015. Testimony was heard from Chairman Rogers of Kentucky, Chairman Brady of Texas, and Representatives Lowey, Levin, Amash, Carney, Griffith of Virginia, Tonko, Lum-mis, and Mulvaney. 
Joint Meetings 
KHADIJA ISMAYILOVA 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission concluded a hearing to examine Azerbaijan’s persecution of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty re-porter Khadija Ismayilova, after receiving testimony from Shelly Han, Policy Advisor, Commission on Se-curity and Cooperation in Europe; and Nenad Pejic, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Delphine Halgand, Reporters Without Borders, and T. Kumar, Amnesty International USA, all of Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
DECEMBER 17, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the status of Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action im-plementation and related issues, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorist Travel: Vetting for National Security Concerns’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16DE5.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1330 December 16, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Thursday, December 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 6 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, December 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 2029—Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1806 
Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1806 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E1806 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1805 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1801, E1804, E1808 Jolly, David W., Fla., E1804 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1807 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1802, E1804, E1805, E1807, E1809 Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E1806 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E1803 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1801 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1805 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1807 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1806 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1802 
Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1801, E1803, E1808 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1805 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1808 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1803 Young, David, Iowa, E1801, E1802, E1802, E1803, E1804, 
E1805, E1805, E1806, E1806, E1807 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Dec 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16DE5.REC D16DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST