Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H643 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 2015 No. 14 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
January 28, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R ANDY  
HULTGREN to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, O God, for giv-
ing us another day. 
As You make available to Your peo-
ple the grace and knowledge to meet the needs of the day, we pray that Your spirit will be upon the Members of this people’s House, giving them the rich-ness of Your wisdom. 
Bless the members of the minority 
party as they gather these next days. May they, with those who accompany them, travel safely and meet in peace. 
Bless also the majority party as they 
return to their constituencies. Give them hearts and ears to listen well to all those whom they represent. 
May the power of Your truth and our 
faith in Your providence give them all the confidence they must have to do the good work required for service to our Nation. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces 
to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. BENISHEK led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RESTORING LOCAL CONTROL OVER 
EDUCATION 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, the quality of our children’s education is too important to rely on a one-size-fits-all approach. 
I have introduced the Local Control 
of Education Act to return control of education to the States by prohibiting the Federal Government from using grants or waivers to coerce States into adopting the Common Core State Standards. I am grateful to work with Senator D
AVID VITTER of Louisiana on 
these efforts with companion legisla-tion. 
South Carolina-elected school board 
members and administrators, such as Lexington District Two Super-intendent Venus Holland, working to-gether with teachers and parents—such 
as Kathy Maness of the Palmetto State Teachers Association—are best suited to promote our State’s education sys-tem. I have full faith in State Super-intendent of Education Molly Spearman, who is continuing the effort for education excellence as supported by her predecessor, Dr. Mick Zais. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MADISON KEYS 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Rock Island’s own Madison Keys on her outstanding performance at the Australian Open. 
Madison is the daughter of attorneys 
Christine and Rick Keys of Rock Is-land, Illinois, and at the close of this tournament, Madison will be the world’s highest ranking teenage tennis player. The 19-year-old defeated the reigning Wimbledon champion, Petra Kvitova, in the third round of the tour-nament. And yesterday, she played in the quarterfinals against the woman who inspired her to play tennis, Venus Williams—and Madison won. 
Madison remembers watching 
Wimbledon when she was just 4 years old and being inspired to play tennis when she saw Venus’ fancy tennis dress. Last night’s match in a way rep-resents the passing of the torch be-tween generations on the U.S. women’s tennis team as Madison now advances to the next round. Tomorrow she plays Serena Williams. 
I am confident Madison has a long 
tennis career in front of her, and I look forward to seeing where she goes. I hope that, just as Venus Williams in-spired her, she inspires another genera-tion of young girls to get involved in sports and follow their dreams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA7.000 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H644 January 28, 2015 
NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK 
(Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of National School Choice Week. I have traveled all across northern Michigan, and I have been blessed to visit all kinds of schools in my district. I have met with hard-working kids, parents, and teachers who are trying to achieve a better fu-ture. 
Our education system should not be a 
one-size-fits-all model. School choice programs provide a way for parents to help their children succeed. Choice pro-motes competition in our educational system, which will improve the edu-cational outcome for all students. 
While many students are able to 
prosper by attending their local public school, many others are bogged down by outdated rules that prevent parents from choosing the best educational fit for their children. In order to succeed, parents need options and flexibility, not more regulations. 
Michigan has enacted the popular 
Schools of Choice program, which al-lows parents to send their children to any school in a participating district. These are the types of programs that empower parents and students instead of teachers’ unions and bureaucrats. 
School choice will help to ensure 
that every child has a chance to flour-ish, and that is why I am a proud sup-porter of National School Choice Week. 
f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to call this House to action. In the opening weeks of the 114th Con-gress, this Chamber has voted to deport DREAMers and the parents of Amer-ican citizens. And the House majority continues to put our national security at risk by threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security just because they object to the administra-tion’s efforts to keep immigrant fami-lies together and to deport violent criminals. 
No matter how you feel about the ad-
ministration’s efforts, we should all recognize that it is time to set aside these partisan games and take sub-stantive action to pass a comprehen-sive immigration reform bill. It is not just the moral thing to do for so many of our friends and neighbors; it is the right thing to do for our economy, for our public safety, and for our country. 
I will urge House leadership to bring 
a comprehensive immigration reform bill to the floor for a vote. It is the right thing to do. 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to highlight the importance of the leg-islation that we passed this week on human trafficking. 
Sadly, my district is no stranger to 
this despicable crime. In both Lake and Cook Counties, we seem to have too many cases of human trafficking. In the Chicagoland area, up to 25,000 women and girls are victims of com-mercial sexual exploitation. 
According to the Justice Depart-
ment, as many as 300,000 American youths are at risk of becoming victims of sexual trafficking. The average age for girls that first become victims is between 12 and 14 years of age. 
This legislation will protect our 
youth by establishing programs to help runaways and homeless children who are at the highest risk for becoming victims. The bills will also help address the issue by giving tools to health care professionals and law enforcement to identify and help victims of human trafficking, and to create programs to deter and prevent human trafficking in the first place. 
Human trafficking for sexual exploi-
tation is an epidemic that needs to be stopped. This is a first step, and we must remain focused to end human trafficking altogether. 
f 
PASS LEGISLATION THAT 
MATTERS 
(Mr. PALLONE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
just ask that the Republican leadership begin to bring legislation to the floor that would actually make a difference for America, certainly addressing the economy and job creation and increas-ing wages, which are so important to my constituents and, I believe, to all Americans. 
It just seems like all the Republican 
leadership is doing here is rehashing the same old legislation that is going nowhere either because it won’t pass the Senate or because the President won’t sign it. 
Today, after the 1-minute speeches, 
we are going to have the third pipeline bill that essentially tries to strait-jacket Federal agencies—again, not going anywhere. It is pretty likely the President would veto any of them if they come to his desk. 
I understand that on Tuesday the 
leadership is going to bring up another Affordable Care Act repeal. This will be like the 56th or 57th effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which is actually working well. More Americans than ever have signed up during this second enrollment period. We had another ef-fort to weaken the Affordable Care Act just a couple of weeks ago. 
It is time to do the things that peo-
ple want, talk about the economy, and bring legislation that matters to the American people. REVERSE SEQUESTRATION CUTS 
(Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to call on my col-leagues to join me in stopping the se-quester’s impact on our military. 
I want Members to hear what Gen-
eral Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, had to say. He di-rectly advises the President and Con-gress, and these are his words: 
The combination of the Budget Control 
Act and the sequestration mechanism will make it impossible for us to meet our global responsibilities. 
Again from the Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs: 
The readiness hole is still the readiness 
hole. The global security environment is more dangerous and sequestration is still on the books as the law. It’s absolutely crazy for this country. 
Since the President promised the se-
questration would not happen but then he said he would veto changes to it, some Members of this House seem to have accepted that the sequestration must go into effect. 
National security is an essential part 
of our job, and with growing threats both domestic and abroad, Members of this House must come together to end the sequester cuts that reduce the ca-pabilities of our armed services. 
We—the Members of Congress, the 
President, and General Dempsey—all swore the same oath to defend the Con-stitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. We as Members of Congress have a duty to provide a military to protect the Amer-ican people. 
These challenges hit close to home 
for me. As a Georgia Republican on the Armed Services Committee, I am going to continue to fight on behalf of the men and women at Robins and Moody Air Force Bases and the warfighters of this country who protect us. 
f 
FEDERAL SPENDING AND THE 
SAVE ACT 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak about Federal spending. 
In my home State of Nebraska, we 
are mandated by the State constitu-tion to balance the budget. This is something that we are sorely in need of here in Washington. 
The Congressional Budget Office just 
released a report that indicated that deficits are projected to balloon over the next several years, topping $1 tril-lion by 2025. The national debt will grow to over $21 trillion by the same year. 
Mr. Speaker, we all know these are 
unsustainable trends. That is why I am very proud to be a cosponsor of the Savings Accountability Value and Effi-ciency Act, or SAVE Act. This bill, in-troduced by my good friend and col-league Congressman P
ATRICK MURPHY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.003 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H645 January 28, 2015 
would save the Federal Government 
nearly $480 billion over the next 10 years. 
I applaud my colleague for his efforts 
in working to put our country on a more sustainable fiscal path. I hope that we can come together in a biparti-sanship manner towards that end. 
f 
NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK 
(Mr. M CHENRY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, this 
week Americans from all 50 States will gather at over 11,000 events nationwide to celebrate National School Choice Week. These are not partisan gath-erings focused on a particular piece of legislation, nor are the attendees advo-cating for one type of school over an-other; rather, these gatherings will highlight the importance of providing parents with diverse choices when it comes to the education of their chil-dren. 
Far too often America’s children are 
given educational opportunities dic-tated by what best serves someone else’s economic interest or is focused on their own economic status or where they live. This is inappropriate. We need a better way. 
I have supported legislation to ex-
pand charter schools. That is a biparti-sanship thing that we can all agree on. That empowers parents. At the State level, Republican legislators and Gov-ernors have passed open enrollment laws and funding portability for edu-cation. 
National School Choice Week is a 
great reminder that we must continue to pursue these vital reforms, ensuring all parents have freedom when deciding how to educate their children. 
f 
b0915 
LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND 
TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 48, I call up the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expe-dited approval of exportation of nat-ural gas, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 351 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘LNG Per-
mitting Certainty and Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ACTION ON APPLICATIONS. 
(a) D ECISION DEADLINE .—For proposals that 
must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the United States Maritime Administration to site, construct, expand, or operate LNG export facilities, the Department of Energy shall issue a final decision on any applica-tion for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) not later than 30 days after 
the later of— 
(1) the conclusion of the review to site, 
construct, expand, or operate the LNG facili-ties required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S. C. 4321 et seq.); or 
(2) the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) C
ONCLUSION OF REVIEW .—For purposes 
of subsection (a), review required by the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 shall be considered concluded— 
(1) for a project requiring an Environ-
mental Impact Statement, 30 days after pub-lication of a Final Environmental Impact Statement; 
(2) for a project for which an Environ-
mental Assessment has been prepared, 30 days after publication by the Department of Energy of a Finding of No Significant Im-pact; and 
(3) upon a determination by the lead agen-
cy that an application is eligible for a cat-egorical exclusion pursuant National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 implementing regulations. 
(c) J
UDICIAL ACTION .—(1) The United States 
Court of Appeals for the circuit in which the export facility will be located pursuant to an application described in subsection (a) shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil action for the review of— 
(A) an order issued by the Department of 
Energy with respect to such application; or 
(B) the Department of Energy’s failure to 
issue a final decision on such application. 
(2) If the Court in a civil action described 
in paragraph (1) finds that the Department of Energy has failed to issue a final decision on the application as required under subsection (a), the Court shall order the Department of Energy to issue such final decision not later than 30 days after the Court’s order. 
(3) The Court shall set any civil action 
brought under this subsection for expedited consideration and shall set the matter on the docket as soon as practical after the filing date of the initial pleading. 
SEC. 3. PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF EXPORT DES-
TINATIONS. 
Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 
717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF LNG E XPORT  
DESTINATIONS .—As a condition for approval 
of any authorization to export LNG, the Sec-retary of Energy shall require the applicant to publicly disclose the specific destination or destinations of any such authorized LNG exports.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 48, the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. W
HITFIELD ) 
and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 351. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Cer-tainty and Transparency Act sponsored by Congressman B
ILLJOHNSON of Ohio. All of us recognize that the economy 
in the U.S. has been sputtering. We have had great advancements in tech-nology, however, and innovation in hy-draulic fracturing and horizontal drill-ing have led America to become the number one natural gas producing na-tion in the world. 
Our natural gas output has rapidly 
increased since 2005 and is expected to continue rising in the decades ahead in response to growing demand. Plentiful natural gas is helping many domestic energy producers and manufacturers and is spurring new investment and job growth here in America. 
The Committee on Energy and Com-
merce has held multiple hearings and forums to discuss the domestic growth in natural gas production and its po-tential impact on trade, geopolitics, and energy production and consump-tion in America. 
We now have the opportunity to 
bring more of this critical energy re-source to other parts of the world while stimulating our energy security, eco-nomic growth, and foreign policy. 
I might add that over the last year, 
many of us have been really surprised by the number of representatives from other countries in Europe and around the world who are pleading with Amer-ica to export their natural gas so that those countries are not as dependent upon countries like Russia and others. 
I might also add that, in 2012, the De-
partment of Energy commissioned a re-port by NERA Economic Consulting to assess the economic impacts of LNG exports. NERA recently updated this study to include the most current pro-jections from the Energy Information Administration. 
Like the 2012 study, the update found 
that U.S. LNG exports will bring wide-spread economic benefits, touching many parts of our economy, and that those benefits would consistently in-crease as exports increase. 
The NERA study also found that the 
construction of new LNG export projects is estimated to put up to 45,000 unemployed Americans back to work. I might also add that this legislation does not in any way change anything that FERC has responsibility for in ap-proving siting of these natural gas pipelines and facilities for export, so we are not affecting in any way any en-vironmental aspects of it. 
I might also say that the reason this 
bill is being introduced is because we think that the Department of Energy has been dragging its feet a little bit. They have responsibility over the com-modity of the natural gas, and they have to go through a process. This leg-islation also applies only to non-free trade agreements that the U.S. deals with. 
Since 2010, the Department of Energy 
has issued a final decision on five of the 37 applications to export LNG to countries where the U.S. does not have a free trade agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.004 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H646 January 28, 2015 
Now, DOE’s authority to regulate the 
export of natural gas arises under sec-tion 3 of the Natural Gas Act. This pro-vision creates a rebuttable presump-tion that a proposed export of natural gas is in the public interest. DOE must grant the application unless opponents of the application overcome the pre-sumption, and there are 18 countries where we have these free trade agree-ments. 
DOE’s process to review applications 
to export LNG to non-free trade agree-ment countries is much more complex and unpredictable, and this legislation would help clarify that and create some certainty. It amends section 3 of the Natural Gas Act to give DOE 30 days to issue a final decision on an LNG export application after a com-plete NEPA environmental review on the facility. 
Additionally, H.R. 351 provides for 
expedited judicial reviews by the United States court of appeals for the circuit in which the export facility will be located, and this is important as well. It requires public disclosure of ex-port destinations, so we know where it is going as a condition of approval of authorization to export LNG. 
This is a very important piece of leg-
islation. I want to commend Mr. J
OHN-
SONof Ohio for introducing this legisla-
tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this legislation which is simply unnec-essary. The Department of Energy cur-rently conducts a public interest re-view of all applications to export lique-fied natural gas to a country without a free trade agreement with the United States. 
To date, DOE has approved four such 
applications to export LNG and has issued conditional approvals to four ad-ditional applications. DOE has ap-proved all applications that have com-pleted their required NEPA review, and so there is no backlog or delay at the DOE to speak of. 
With these permits alone, we have 
the ability to become one of the largest exporters of natural gas in the world, and so legislation to impose an arbi-trary 30-day deadline on DOE, as sug-gested by the underlying bill, is simply unnecessary. 
With regard to exporting natural gas, 
we should keep in mind that low do-mestic natural gas prices can provide an important competitive advantage to U.S. manufacturing, and simple eco-nomics tells us that additional demand due to unrestricted exports can raise domestic natural gas prices, so we should think twice about giving away this advantage for short-term export profits when we are trying hard to re-build our long-term manufacturing base. 
We should also remember that the 
bill will not result in LNG exports to Europe for some time, if at all. Al-though one LNG export terminal is set to begin full operation later this year, 
all other terminals remain under con-struction or are in the planning proc-ess. 
DOE’s conditional approval for those 
facilities allows them to continue mov-ing forward, but this legislation won’t help speed up their construction or af-fect how quickly they can actually op-erate, so passing this bill today will not magically send LNG from the pro-posed terminals tomorrow. 
When the United States actually be-
gins to export significant quantities of LNG, it will most likely go to Asia, not Europe. The export terminals most likely to get constructed have already signed long-term contracts to supply LNG to various customers, and those destinations are primarily in Asia. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill be-
cause I don’t believe the phantom LNG export backlog is one of the pressing issues facing ordinary Americans, and I don’t believe that expediting this type of infrastructure is what our country needs most. 
I believe our country should be en-
couraging the use of renewable energy resources like wind and solar power. We should be investing in increased en-ergy efficiency and a smart grid. We should be trying to find ways to make our energy infrastructure more resil-ient and capable of withstanding ex-treme weather events, like Hurricane Sandy. 
These are the types of clean energy 
solutions that America should be in-vesting in, the type that will enhance our energy security, reduce carbon emissions, and lower overall energy costs to customers. 
Unfortunately, this bill doesn’t 
achieve any of these goals. In fact, the 30-day deadline in the bill could have counterproductive results. If DOE is forced to make a decision before they have determined if the project is in the public interest, it may have no choice but to deny the application, and that outcome certainly doesn’t benefit any-one, especially the applicants. 
This is the third time this month 
that the Republican majority has brought secondhand energy legislation to the floor, legislation that passed the House last Congress. Like the two bills before it, H.R. 351 would also serve no real purpose. 
I just hope that we can begin soon to 
look at new energy legislation that will move America forward in devel-oping a clean energy infrastructure. In the meantime, I would urge my col-leagues to vote against this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the 
author of this legislation. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 351, the LNG Permit-ting Certainty and Transparency Act. This important legislation will bring certainty to the Department of Ener-gy’s review process for LNG export ap-
plications, create American jobs, con-tinue spurring America’s manufac-turing comeback, and provide a stable source of energy to our allies in Europe and around the world. 
Thanks to the energy renaissance oc-
curring throughout eastern and south-eastern Ohio and across the United States, America is able to produce large quantities of natural gas like never before, enough to meet our do-mestic natural gas demands and export excess LNG to the global marketplace. 
Through the abundance of natural 
gas, we have an opportunity to signifi-cantly affect geopolitics and to create American jobs, but only if we enact smart policies like H.R. 351. 
The window of opportunity for LNG 
exports will not remain open indefi-nitely, so it is important that Congress act immediately. If Congress fails to act, companies will continue to face regulatory uncertainty, which creates hesitancy in securing financing for constructing LNG terminals, plus na-tions with near-term energy needs will look elsewhere. 
Potential geopolitical benefits such 
as reducing the oppressive influence of other exporters like Russia and Iran, while simultaneously strengthening ties with our allies, could be ulti-mately jeopardized. 
Some of my colleagues are concerned 
that increased LNG exports will not really help our allies in Europe, but that is simply not true. Regardless of where U.S. natural gas is sent, increas-ing the supply and competition in the international market will provide glob-al consumers with greater choice and, most importantly, increased leverage when negotiating LNG pricing con-tracts. 
In fact, by no longer importing such 
large amounts of LNG, the U.S. has al-ready indirectly helped our European allies. With the passage of this legisla-tion, even more LNG will be free to go to places that need it most. 
Equally important, if we delay, do-
mestic economic benefits may also fail to materialize, specifically the oppor-tunity to create some 45,000 jobs by 2018 and increase hardworking tax-payer salaries by $1 billion over 6 years. This is a win for manufacturing, especially those who make drilling equipment pipeline components, not to mention the refining, petrochemicals, and chemicals sectors. 
For these reasons, Congress must 
pass H.R. 351. To date, DOE has issued a final decision on only five of the 38 pending LNG export applications re-ceived since 2010. This is unacceptable. I urge my colleagues to help bring cer-tainty to DOE’s approval process, cre-ate jobs, help maximize American en-ergy production, and help our allies abroad by voting for this important legislation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH), the ranking member of the 
Subcommittee on Energy and Power. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.006 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H647 January 28, 2015 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. P
ALLONE , for his lead-
ership and for his positive contribu-tions to this entire institution. 
Mr. Speaker, I am here to oppose 
H.R. 351 because, once again, it is a proposed solution to a problem that we can’t find, a problem that we have searched high and low for. This prob-lem, Mr. Speaker, simply doesn’t exist. 
Here we are, here we go once again, 
coming up with solutions to a problem that doesn’t even exist. When will my colleagues on the other side do some-thing productively in this Congress and come up with real solutions to prob-lems that do exist for the American people? 
Mr. Speaker, currently, the Depart-
ment of Energy, as we speak today, has already approved not one, not two, not three, not even four, but five applica-tions—five—for existing LNG, and there are four more conditional approv-als pending. 
b0930 
Altogether, Mr. Speaker, the ap-
proved applications authorize the ex-port of over 10 million cubic feet per day of LNG. The pending applications collectively seek an additional 27.5 bil-lion cubic feet of LNG exported each and every day—27.5. 
Where is the problem? Show me the 
problem. Show me the way. Point out the problem. 
Mr. Speaker, this 30-day deadline 
that arbitrarily mandates the DOE ap-plication process would short-circuit the public interest review—short cir-cuit—cut it short. The public doesn’t have any input. No review by the pub-lic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. RUSH. This arbitrary mandatory 
30-day deadline would unnecessarily fast-track the DOE to hastily make a decision on export applications, regard-less of how complex the application may be. The result of this ambiguous 30-day deadline may negatively affect DOE’s ability to soberly and thor-oughly assess the impact that cumu-lative exports may have on natural gas prices. 
What would be the effect of gas at 
the station, at the pump, on the Amer-ican people, and we all of a sudden, without any study, without any con-versation, without any consideration, just force the DOE to arbitrarily meet this 30-day deadline? What is going to be the effect on the consumer in terms of these gas prices at the pump? Are they going to skyrocket as a result of this hasty, irresponsible action? Tell me, do you have answers to that? 
It may even result in the unintended 
consequence of actually denying appli-cations if the agency does not have the time to complete its due diligence. This is insane. This is the utmost of in-sanity. Mr. Speaker, I must oppose this bill 
because at the end of the day when you skim away all of the rhetoric and all the hyperbole around this bill, it will not speed up energy exports to Europe and it will not speed up exports to our other allies. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, to para-
phrase Elvis Presley: let this body re-
turn this bill to sender, return it to sender, address unknown, no such prob-lem, no such home. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s send this bill back 
to committee where it can go through regular order, and we can have a thor-ough discussion on these important issues before voting on such a con-sequential bill. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, at 
this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS), who has 
been a real leader in helping America become energy independent. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of this bill because this is simply a commonsense bill. 
As you know, the U.S. is now the 
largest producer of natural gas in the world and has proven gas resources to supply our needs for decades to come. This is an achievement that we have reached despite roadblocks and delays from the executive branch. The latest delay is the Department of Energy’s rule from last summer to hold up ex-port terminal applications. 
This important bill streamlines the 
review process for LNG exports by re-quiring a timeline for making a deci-sion and making agencies work to-gether on the review. This is common-sense change, Mr. Speaker. 
Innovations in the harvesting and 
production of natural gas have cut en-ergy bills for families across the coun-try. Those are the same innovations that have also made it affordable to ship LNG around the globe. 
The responsible and safe development 
of our natural resources through new technologies, such as horizontal drill-ing, have begun an energy and manu-facturing renaissance in America. 
And who is feeling the benefits? 
American families and businesses with an affordable and reliable energy sup-ply. But that could all end unless we let the free market work. 
Let’s end the administration’s de 
facto ban on new exports and bring market stability to the global gas mar-ket. Let’s get the government out of the way, and let’s give our American innovators a chance to work. 
Mr. Speaker, my district, the State 
of Ohio, and the entire Nation will reap the benefits of more jobs, increased pay, and lower energy costs if we pass this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
351 and end the self-imposed restric-tions on LNG exports. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I 
ask how much time is remaining on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has 21 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Kentucky has 20 minutes remaining. 
Mr. PALLONE. Thank you, Mr. 
Speaker. 
At this time, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
REEN ), 
who is the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee. 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, let me explain the problem we have and the need for this bill today. 
The bill is the exact same language 
that passed this House last Congress, and it came through our committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Now, what this bill does is give the 
Department of Energy some deadlines to make a decision on our national in-terests—that is what it does—so we can do it. They have held those permits sometimes up to 2 years to make that determination. 
If you have a free trade agreement 
with the United States, we can export natural gas to you. But they need to decide the national interests. I want the DOE to do that, but I also want to make a decision in very quick time. 
We know who our friends are, we 
know who our adversaries are. We don’t really want to send it to our ad-versaries, we want to send it to our friends. So that is DOE’s job. 
The reason we need this bill is that 
right now today, or yesterday, gas is $2.88 per million cubic feet. It was up about $4, which is still not great for a producer. But what we have been doing in south Texas is flaring natural gas. It is bad for the environment. It is bad for the people who produce it because they don’t have a customer. And what we need to do is be able to export what we can’t use. 
In Texas we are very proud of Blue 
Bell ice cream. In fact, their adver-tising slogan is: ‘‘We eat all we can and we sell the rest.’’ 
I have a chemical industry, I have a 
utility industry that uses natural gas. They are using it. But we still have a lot of production. So why would we not use all we can in our country and sell the rest and make somebody else pay for those jobs that we have in our com-munity? And that is the problem. 
We know the price of oil is going 
down. But oil and natural gas some-times come out of the same well. So that is why we need to make sure that we have the right, on a reasonable timeframe, to export natural gas to countries that we want to be friendly with. I would love to have a natural gas export right now to Ukraine. The infrastructure over there is not there. It could get there with some reversing pipelines. 
H.R. 351 represents a bipartisan effort 
to legislate and warrant its approval. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.007 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H648 January 28, 2015 
We worked together on this bill, and it 
represents that hard work. 
The bill is good for the economy, the 
climate, and the U.S. security inter-ests. The United States has natural re-sources to become the largest exporter of LNG in the world. Our natural gas reserves can meet all our domestic nat-ural gas needs and still have an excess capacity of 3 trillion cubic feet. 
Before we discuss H.R. 351 it is im-
portant we clarify the LNG permitting process, just so there is no confusion. A project applicant must submit two sep-arate applications: the first to the De-partment of Energy and the second to the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, FERC. 
In the Department of Energy, there 
are two complete separate processes. First, the project must submit an ap-plication to export. If the project sends LNG to a country with which the U.S. has a free trade agreement, the appli-cation is automatically approved. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. PALLONE. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. I thank 
the ranking member. I appreciate it. 
If the project sends the LNG to a 
country without a free trade agree-ment, then the DOE must issue a per-mit based on the public interest. These are very important determinations. However, LNG will not leave the United States with DOE approval only. 
For a project to actually export LNG, 
in either case, the applicant must re-ceive a FERC permit. FERC reviews the environmental impacts of the ac-tual LNG facility. FERC conducts and reviews all environmental impacts to satisfy the requirements of NEPA. No company will export a single cubic foot of LNG without FERC approval. FERC’s process takes 12 to 18 months and costs approximately $100 million. 
We have worked extremely hard to 
protect the environment. It is the DOE non-FTA process that is the problem. The DOE currently has approximately 30 non-FTA permits awaiting decision. The DOE has held most of these per-mits almost 4 years. Even the DOE rec-ognized this huge problem and tried to address the backlog last summer by changing the approval process. Unfor-tunately, the changes failed to expe-dite approval or provide any certainty to companies who are investing $100 million, and these are U.S. companies. 
H.R. 351 resolved this issue only after 
it receives all environmental permits. 
H.R. 351 would place a 30-day 
timeline for the DOE to issue a deci-sion after the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission completes its envi-ronmental reviews. 
Once again, we have protected the 
environmental review process. We have protected the public interest. And DOE, which held some of these applica-tions 4 years—we cannot allow DOE to sit on these permits any longer. They must do their job and do it in a timely fashion. Opponents of H.R. 351 say if all per-
mits are approved, we will export more than 35 trillion cubic feet. Opponents say exports will double or triple domes-tic natural gas prices. Opponents say exports of that size will endanger our domestic industry, raise electricity prices, and have ruinous effects on our economy. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the 
bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I represent enormous petro-
chemical facilities, power generators, and workers. 
I remember when domestic natural gas 
prices caused companies in my district to move jobs overseas. 
If what opponents of H.R. 351 say were 
even remotely possible, I would be the first one to oppose this bill. 
My constituents work at those facilities. Those facilities pay taxes and fund the hos-
pitals and schools in my district. 
There are dozens of applications pending at 
DOE. 
No more than a handful of projects will be 
constructed and ultimately export LNG. 
But each project deserves a fair opportunity 
at review. 
Each company deserves the opportunity to 
pursue financing in the capital markets. 
The government should not make those de-
cisions. 
Each LNG facility costs billions, not to men-
tion the jobs associated with pipeline construc-tion, electric transmission, local services, etc. 
I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 351 
and support this bipartisan effort. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. At this time, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ), who has been a real 
leader on helping America become en-ergy independent. 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, U.S. nat-
ural gas exports will create American jobs and will bolster our strategic part-nerships. 
I serve as president of the NATO Par-
liamentary Assembly, and many for-eign leaders and officials have ex-pressed to me their need for energy di-versification. As you know, Russia, the largest supplier of natural gas to Eu-rope, has repeatedly used natural gas pricing to draw governments closer to its orbit and punished West-leaning governments with higher prices. 
U.S. natural gas exports will foster a 
more dynamic and competitive world energy market, helping to curb the use of energy as a political weapon. And re-gardless of where natural gas from the United States is shipped, increasing supply in the global market will help international customers with greater choice and leverage to negotiate prices. 
In fact, the Obama administration 
has made this exact same argument. The State Department’s energy envoy recently stated: 
Now where the gas will go doesn’t matter. 
The fact that we have approved exports of natural gas has already had an impact on Europe. And where the molecule actually ends up going also doesn’t matter. 
Now, I understand there have been 
questions about whether or not Euro-pean countries, such as Ukraine, are prepared to receive U.S. natural gas. 
Many of our European allies are imple-menting infrastructure projects to di-versify their natural gas resources. 
For example, Poland and Lithuania 
are opening LNG import terminals to reduce their dependence on Russian gas. Just last week, Poland and Ukraine announced an agreement to construct a pipeline that will allow Ukraine to access natural gas from two LNG import terminals, potentially from the United States. England and Spain already have contracts in place to receive U.S. natural gas. 
These are just a few examples of how 
these infrastructure projects will help Europe diversify its natural gas re-sources. 
Mr. Speaker, last year, President 
Obama, in a joint statement with Euro-pean leaders, welcomed U.S. natural gas exports to help our European allies and our strategic partners. 
I am encouraged by the President’s 
statements. These words must be fol-lowed by action. The President must work with Congress to enact H.R. 351. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
it. 
b0945 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I have heard my colleagues suggest 
that there is a delay in the DOE’s ap-proval of LNG export applications. 
For instance, on Monday night at the 
Rules Committee, Mr. J
OHNSON indi-
cated that the DOE has approved only five out of 38 applications since 2010. Even if the gentleman from Ohio is cor-rect in his assertion, the fact is that the five applications approved by the Obama administration since 2010 are five more than were approved by the Reagan administration or by either Bush administration. In fact, it is five more than were approved by the Clin-ton, Carter, Ford, or Nixon administra-tion. In 2011, the DOE approved the first LNG export application for the Cheniere Sabine Pass facility. That fa-cility is set to become operational at the end of this year. That was the DOE’s first approval to export LNG since the 1960s. 
The dramatic growth of natural gas 
production and supply in the United States was considered impossible a dec-ade ago, so the DOE commissioned a study to help it decide how to address additional applications. After estab-lishing a transparent and systematic system for reviewing and authorizing LNG export applications, the DOE began to rapidly issue decisions. The record demonstrates that the DOE has moved aggressively to authorize LNG exports, granting three additional final authorizations and four conditional ap-provals since August of 2013. 
To date, the DOE has approved the 
export of enough LNG to make the United States the world leader in LNG exports. All other pending applications are still under review at FERC, not at the DOE, so it is important to under-stand that this bill does not change the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.032 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H649 January 28, 2015 
FERC review process—the site approv-
als, the environmental approvals. I would also remind my colleagues that the DOE automatically deems LNG ex-ports to free trade agreement countries to be in the public interest. 
Before the DOE can issue a decision 
on the pending applications, both FERC approval and construction will need to be completed. That could take months or, more likely, years, but this bill will not affect that timeline, which will be the critical factor in how much more gas can be exported. That is why I want to emphasize that this bill is unnecessary and will not materially change the LNG export situation any-time soon. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the chairman of 
the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, they say 
that you can’t have too much of a good thing, but with our impressive natural gas production, that is exactly what we have today. We now have so much nat-ural gas that we cannot only meet our own energy needs and still have extra to sell, but our natural gas boom can be used as a force for good here at home as a source for jobs and across the globe as a source of stable energy. 
There is no question that the whole 
shale revolution helped break the fever of the Great Recession. Thanks to in-novation and technological advance-ment, energy production remained a welcome bright spot in our national economy, but we aren’t out of the woods yet. We all know that. Millions of folks, certainly in Michigan and across the country, still find them-selves unemployed, underemployed, or facing stagnant paychecks. This bill, this legislation, will help accelerate their return to full employment. 
At the request of the Department of 
Energy, NERA Economic Consulting evaluated the economic impacts of U.S. LNG exports. The NERA study showed a net positive impact to the United States economy and estimated that LNG exports would actually reduce the average number of unemployed work-ers by as much as 45,000 people by 2018. We will also see tens of thousands of additional jobs created in the supply chain. I am talking about good-paying jobs that will help families achieve a better life. 
The bill will also advance our foreign 
policy goals. U.S. LNG exports can pro-vide our allies with a secure and afford-able supply of energy and can reduce the influence of hostile exporting na-tions like Russia, which continues to threaten Ukraine and, really, all of Eu-rope’s natural gas supply. Passing this bill will send the welcome signal to our allies in Eastern Europe that, yes, an alternative source of energy is on its way. 
The domestic and geopolitical bene-
fits make increasing U.S. LNG exports a win-win, but the Department of En-ergy continues to hold up the process. Since 2010, the DOE has only issued a 
final decision on five applications to export LNG to countries with which we don’t share a free trade agreement. This bill would help jump-start approv-als so that we can start creating jobs and sending our surplus gas to those countries that need it the most. It would give the DOE 30 days to issue a decision following the completion of the environmental review. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. UPTON. The U.S. is now a global 
energy superpower, and with that power, we have a chance to do some real good. Saying ‘‘yes’’ to energy is good for workers here at home and is good for global allies. 
I thank Representative B
ILLJOHNSON  
for his leadership on this issue, and I would hope that everybody would sup-port this bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Under the current approval process 
for LNG exports, the Department of Energy has a tool to protect American consumers, and that tool is the public interest determination. The DOE has the ability to weigh the benefits and costs of additional LNG exports, in-cluding the impact of increased domes-tic natural gas prices on consumers, who use gas to heat and cool their homes and to turn on the lights. Rigid deadlines, as suggested in this legisla-tion, could prevent the DOE from con-ducting a meaningful public interest review, and that means that the DOE might not be able to ensure that high levels of LNG exports do not harm American consumers by raising the costs of electricity or home heating or cooling. 
I think consumers, Mr. Speaker, have 
reason to be concerned. Experts at the nonpartisan U.S. Energy Information Administration examined this issue, and here is what they found: 
In the scenarios with additional gas ex-
ports, consumers will consume less and pay more on both their natural gas and elec-tricity bills. 
Furthermore, the EIA calculated 
that high levels of LNG exports could mean increased residential, commer-cial, and industrial consumer energy costs of $7 billion to $14 billion per year between 2020 and 2040. 
Make no mistake. American con-
sumers will foot that bill. Recent expe-rience with gasoline and propane ex-ports also offers cautionary tales. The Midwest and Northeast experienced sharp propane price spikes and short-ages last winter. Significant increases in propane exports were a key factor in the skyrocketing prices that hurt con-sumers. 
Just yesterday, the Center for Amer-
ican Progress released an analysis on the potential impact of expanded LNG exports on consumers. They found that, in 2020, residential consumers would pay 4.3 percent more for natural 
gas per year, and those in the Mid-west—in States like Arkansas, Lou-isiana, and Texas—would be the hard-est hit by price increases. By 2040, con-sumers in the mid-Atlantic States would pay 10 percent more for natural gas per year. 
These figures are not insignificant. 
We need to make sure that LNG ex-ports do not hurt consumers. Right now, the DOE has the ability to do that. So, before we disregard any meaningful public interest review and allow the unrestricted exporting of LNG, let’s be sure that our constitu-ents won’t be left footing the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Cer-tainty and Transparency Act. 
America’s energy producers and the 
tens of thousands of Americans they employ stand ready to meet the de-mand for a reliable and secure source of natural gas from America and the world. 
They have completed their reviews, 
have passed their tests, and are ready to get to work, but there is one big problem—the Obama administration is standing in the way. The President and his anti-American energy agenda have placed a de facto ban on LNG exports by logjamming their requests and using bureaucratic red tape to block America’s progress. 
This bill breaks the bureaucratic 
gridlock and expedites the approval of LNG exports. I have seen firsthand the jobs and the opportunities that an LNG facility has created for the people of east Texas, in my district. Let’s help the American worker by approving H.R. 351. 
Mr. PALLONE. Again, Mr. Speaker, 
may I ask the time that remains on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has 11 min-utes remaining, and the gentleman from Kentucky has 13 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), who is the ranking 
member of our Environment Sub-committee. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that 
we are beginning the 114th Congress the way we ended the previous one— with legislation that is more about message than about solving real prob-lems. 
The message of H.R. 351 is that we 
are interested in elevating the inter-ests of the oil and gas industry above any others. Consumers will not benefit from this policy, and manufacturers will not benefit from this policy. Eliminating the public interest deter-mination sends that message clearly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.010 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H650 January 28, 2015 
In spite of the assertions by its sup-
porters, H.R. 351 won’t do much for our allies either, especially those in Europe or Ukraine. The bill fixes no problem. There is no backlog of applications at the Department of Energy. Japan, our ally and the world’s largest purchaser of LNG, has three importers who signed contracts in 2013 with three ap-proved LNG export facilities, those being Freeport, Cameron, and Cove Point. 
Because natural gas is such an im-
portant and strategic resource, we should, if anything, be questioning the administration about the wisdom of issuing so many approvals. Why? They are relying on assumptions, models, and estimates of recoverable domestic gas reserves that are very uncertain and that have been decreasing as new information becomes available. 
Exporters sign these contracts to 
guarantee deliveries for some 10 to 20 years. I am not willing to risk price spikes for consumers, families, and small businesses or to risk the benefits of lower gas prices for our manufac-turing sector for a slightly improved trade balance. I am unwilling to repeal the requirement for a consideration of the public interest before more export facilities are approved, not for a re-source that is so strategic and widely used. 
H.R. 351 does not fix any real prob-
lems, but it could, indeed, help to cre-ate some. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge the defeat of this bill. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the distin-
guished majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, the President likes to 
talk about infrastructure. In his State of the Union Address, he said that there is bipartisan support for infra-structure legislation and that Repub-licans and Democrats need to ‘‘set our sights higher than a single oil pipe-line.’’ 
We have listened, and we have done 
that. 
After passing a bill to approve Key-
stone, this House passed another bill last week to reform the natural gas permitting process. Now the House is on its third energy infrastructure bill with Representative B
ILL JOHNSON ’s 
LNG Permitting Certainty and Trans-parency Act. I know the President doesn’t pay much attention to what goes on here on Capitol Hill, but three infrastructure bills in 3 weeks is hard to miss. 
Here are some other numbers, Mr. 
Speaker, that I think the President really should remember: though the Department of Energy has received 37 permits in the past 5 years, it has only approved five permits in that time. That is one a year. If the President cared about infrastructure as much as he says, I think he would get his ad-ministration to process the rest of them now. Passing this bill would also lead to 
the creation of an estimated 45,000 jobs. More permit approvals mean more op-portunity. More opportunity requires more infrastructure. More infrastruc-ture means more jobs. Delay has be-come a hallmark of this Presidency, but Americans are done delaying job creation by ignoring America’s energy abundance. 
b1000 
American energy supports American 
jobs. It supports a strong economy. It also gives our friends—like Ukraine, our allies—an alternative source of en-ergy, diluting the power countries like Russia and Iran who use their oil to co-erce and even oppress. 
Mr. Speaker, the President should 
know that here in the House we have set our sights very high; but, Mr. Speaker, the question is: Will the President set his sights higher than his veto pen? 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH). 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, again, I 
wanted to return to the floor because the thought occurs to me, as it should to all of the American people, that we should consider the impact of this bill, the impact of LNG exports, and the im-pact that it would have on U.S. manu-facturing. 
Mr. Speaker, at the end of the day, 
let us protect, by all means, American jobs. Let us protect American manu-facturing. Cheap domestic natural gas prices are providing a big boost and competitive advantage to U.S. manu-facturing. We can all agree on that on both sides of the aisle. 
Mr. Speaker, the disagreement oc-
curs when the other side, the Repub-licans, are asking us in this Congress to make a hasty decision that could undermine the advantage that we are now experiencing in the rapid increase in manufacturing. 
This bill runs the risk of reducing 
our competitive advantage that we have now in the manufacturing sector. It requires DOE to rush its process and make final decisions on pending appli-cations to export a huge quantity of LNG. 
If all of the pending applications are 
granted, DOE will authorize the export of approximately 38 million cubic feet per day of LNG. That is more than half of the total U.S. natural gas consump-tion. It is more than the world’s larg-est LNG exporter, Qatar, currently makes each and every day. 
There is no question, Mr. Speaker, in 
my mind or in the minds of the Amer-ican people that exports of that mag-nitude will increase the domestic price of natural gas. It just makes common sense, and it is what the EIA found when it studied the economic impact of increased LNG imports. 
Where is your study? How do you an-
swer the conclusions of the EIA when it found again that the economic im-pact of increased influence will in-crease the domestic price of natural 
gas? What amount of American manu-facturing? What amount of American jobs? Let’s protect American manufac-turing. Let’s protect American jobs. 
Because this bill truncates DOE’s 
public interest review, the Department may not even be able to fully analyze the impacts of the very high level of LNG exports on American consumers, on American jobs, and on American manufacturing. 
My friends on the other side—and 
they are indeed my friends—always want to talk about American manufac-turing, how we have to support Amer-ican manufacturing, how we have to raise the level of American manufac-turing, how we have to increase the American manufacturing sector, how we have to increase the American man-ufacturing jobs. This very bill could undermine all that sense of goodwill and all those pronouncements from the other side. 
What about American manufacturing 
and what about American manufac-turing jobs? Don’t abandon American manufacturing. Don’t abandon Amer-ican manufacturing jobs. Don’t aban-don the American people. Let’s slow this process down. 
All we are doing, Mr. Speaker, is 
jeopardizing American manufacturing and American manufacturing jobs. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, as the rank-
ing member of the Energy and Com-merce Committee, I am committed to developing sound energy policy, and that policy surely includes consider-ation of the role that natural gas can play in our energy mix. 
Our energy picture is changing every 
year. The latest development is low oil prices, but we have other developments in recent years, including rapidly in-creasing domestic production of oil and natural gas and a welcomed increase in wind and solar electricity production. 
We are becoming more efficient, but 
our energy infrastructure is becoming outdated. We need to look at the ways we produce and use energy, but we also need to look at the ways that we move, transmit, and store energy. 
We need to innovate in the energy 
space, but we also need to maintain re-liability and lower energy bills. We need to look at all our energy issues through the lens of climate change and public health. 
Mr. Speaker, I think there are legiti-
mate questions about whether we want to send our natural gas to other coun-tries. That might help our trade bal-ance, but it would have negative im-pacts on our domestic manufacturing sector. 
I don’t claim that I have all the an-
swers. I know that we looked at some of these issues last Congress, but I don’t agree that a clear consensus emerged. In any event, this is a new 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.011 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H651 January 28, 2015 
Congress with scores of new Members 
who have never looked at this issue be-fore. 
I think we should take these issues 
back to the Energy and Commerce Committee and let the committee and its 12 new members do its job. Let us look at the facts again as they are today, not last year or last Congress. I think if we were to do that, we would see that even if this legislation was once necessary, it isn’t anymore. 
DOE has modernized its process and 
any backlog that once existed isn’t an issue at this point. DOE and the admin-istration have opened the way for LNG exports, but I think it continues to be necessary for us to assess whether ap-proving an application for additional export is in the public interest because becoming the world’s largest exporter of natural gas is not something we should do lightly, unadvisedly, or with-out the latest facts. 
This January, we have spent much of 
our time bringing bills from last Con-gress to the floor and rushing them through to the Senate, which is still considering the Keystone legislation we passed the first week of this year. 
I think we might well have served 
ourselves and the American people bet-ter by sitting down together in the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and working carefully on an energy policy aimed at the future rather than at an energy policy aimed at the past. 
I am going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legis-
lation, and I encourage my colleagues to oppose it as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The former speaker, the distin-
guished gentleman from Illinois, talked a lot about the impact on the manufacturing base in America this legislation might have. I would like to point out that the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers, which is the largest manufacturing association in the United States, representing manu-facturers in every industrial sector in all 50 States, in a letter dated yester-day, urges Members to support H.R. 351. 
They go on to say that it is impor-
tant to ensure that ‘‘market forces, rather than bureaucratic inertia, gov-ern international trade.’’ That is really what this legislation is all about; it is about market forces. 
Representatives from countries 
around the world are coming to us and asking for this product. We are fortu-nate in America that we have an abun-dance of natural gas. In fact, the En-ergy Information Agency reported today that it is so abundant that nat-ural gas prices have dropped to their lowest level since September 2012. 
Earlier, there was an expression of 
concern about increased natural gas prices. We understand that prices go up and prices go down, but right now, they are at their lowest level since Sep-tember 2012, and when natural gas prices go down too low, you see less 
production. That increases prices as well. 
We didn’t just wake up one day and 
decide to introduce this legislation. Concerned groups involved in this busi-ness came to Congress and said: We need some help. 
When we started having hearings on 
this a year and 2 years ago, the Depart-ment of Energy started trying to speed up the process a little bit, but we are not dictating what their decision should be on allowing the export to non-free trade agreement countries. We are just saying: You need to make the decision sooner, and we want some transparency. That is all this legisla-tion is about. 
Now, we understand that any time 
you talk in today’s world about export-ing a fossil fuel, one of the undercur-rents is climate change, and I would re-mind everyone that CO
2emissions in 
America are the lowest that they have been in 20 years. 
This country does not have to take a 
backseat to any country in the world, and so we want the market to play its role. This is a good, commonsense piece of legislation that will create jobs in America, will encourage the ex-pansion of more natural gas production at a time when the world needs it and we need it. 
I would urge every Member of this 
House to vote in favor of H.R. 351, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak in opposition to H.R. 351, the ‘‘LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I am not anti-energy explo-
ration. I am not anti-trade. I am, however strongly ‘‘pro-jobs,’’ ‘‘pro-economic growth,’’ and ‘‘pro-sustainable environment.’’ 
As a Member of Congress from Houston I 
have always been mindful of the importance of, and have strongly advocated for, national energy policies that will make our nation en-ergy independent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
That is why I carefully consider each energy 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, fair, and promote the na-tional interest. 
Where they fall short, I believe in working 
across the aisle to improve them if possible by offering constructive amendments. 
Although I believe the nation would benefit 
by increased exports of natural gas, the legis-lation before contains several provisions that are of great concern to me. 
Pursuant to Section 2, subsection (a) of the 
bill, an application for authorization to export LNG is ‘‘deemed’’ approved if the Department of Energy (DOE) or other federal agencies do not approve or deny the application within 30 days of the conclusion of the site review. 
I have three concerns with this regulatory 
scheme. 
First, as a senior member of the Committee 
on the Judiciary, I have a problem with ‘‘deeming’’ something done that has not been done in fact. 
Thus, the provision is unwise. Second, this provision is a remedy in search 
of a problem. There is no lengthy or intoler-able backlog of neglected natural gas export 
authority applications awaiting action by DOE. 
The provision is unnecessary because DOE 
has to date authorized the export of over 10 billion cubic feet per day of LNG to non-Free Trade Agreement countries. 
Together with exports to FTA countries, this 
level of LNG exports that would transform the United States into one of the world’s largest exporters. 
Third, the provision is irresponsible because 
it would require DOE and other agencies to make decisions based on incomplete informa-tion or information that may not be available within the stringent deadlines, and to deny ap-plications that otherwise would have been ap-proved, but for lack of sufficient review time. 
Supporters of this bill argue that it is vital, in 
the face of Russian aggression and restric-tions, to provide our allies in Europe with addi-tional exports of LNG. 
However, because actual exports through 
approved terminals are not expected to begin until late 2015, this legislation will have no im-pact on current exports. 
And, limiting the time for review would pre-
vent DOE from properly analyzing the domes-tic impact that of exporting large amounts of LNG. 
The Energy Information Administration (EIA) 
estimates that increased exports could result in an increase of as much as 8 percent in do-mestic LNG prices. 
Given the inherent delicacy involved in as-
sessing the impact of trade authorizations, both domestically and abroad, this state of af-fairs is likely to lead to DOE erring on the side of caution and denying applications that may otherwise have been approved if it had more time and more resources to carry out its re-sponsibilities. 
For these reasons, I urge all Members to 
oppose the bill before us and urge my col-leagues to join me. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 48, the 
previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Garamendi moves to recommit the 
bill, H.R. 351, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 4. PROTECTING OUR NATIONAL SECURITY 
AND CREATING AMERICAN JOBS. 
In reviewing an application for authoriza-
tion to export natural gas under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b), the De-partment of Energy— 
(1) shall deny such application if the nat-
ural gas would be exported to any nation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.012 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H652 January 28, 2015 
that is a state sponsor of terrorism or other-
wise threatens America’s national security, or to any nation or corporation that steals America’s military technology or intellec-tual property through cyber-attacks; and 
(2) shall require, as a condition for ap-
proval of any such authorization, the appli-cant to ensure that United States-flagged and built ships and shipping containers are used to export the LNG as such vessels be-come available for charter. 
Mr. WHITFIELD (during the read-
ing). Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, this 
final amendment to the bill will not kill the bill. Frankly, it will substan-tially improve it. It won’t send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will come to the floor for a vote later this morning. 
We have heard a lot of discussion 
here about jobs in the Rules Com-mittee, and I thank the chair, Mr. W
HITFIELD , for his interest in this par-
ticular proposal and for the Rules Com-mittee listening to the debate very carefully about how we can signifi-cantly advance America’s national in-terest. 
b1015 
Natural gas is a strategic asset. It 
has allowed us to substantially reduce our energy costs in the United States; replace, re-power many of our power plants; bring down the cost; and, frank-ly, lead to an increased manufacturing sector. 
Shipbuilding is also a strategic na-
tional asset. Our Navy depends upon it. However, 107,000 Americans work in the shipbuilding industry in our ports and ship yards. It is a strategic asset, as are the mariners. American mariners are also a strategic asset. 
What we are trying to do with this 
amendment is to bring together these three strategic assets of America and advance the American economy and our national security at the same time. 
This amendment would simply re-
quire that if we are going to export liq-uefied natural gas, a strategic asset, then we should do it in a way that ad-vances our national security and our economy by requiring that those ships be manned and ‘‘womanned’’ by Amer-ican mariners, the captains, the engi-neers, the sailors, that they be Amer-ican. 
This is a safety issue. Natural gas is 
a very volatile issue, and, under cur-rent law, when it is imported, it has to have American mariners on board. 
Similarly, by requiring that the ships 
be American-built, we will be able to employ several hundred thousand new men and women in our shipyards. If it is about jobs—and we all claim this bill is about jobs—then let’s take it an-other step. Let’s take it another step, 
so that we really rebuild the American shipping industry, that we put Amer-ican mariners to work, that we revi-talize our shipyards, so that our U.S. Navy will be able to have a robust com-petition for their ships. 
There are 117 shipyards in the United 
States that build ships. None of them, yet, build these tankers. They could if we pass this amendment. 
Let’s build it in America. Let’s make 
it in America. This is a strategy that is employed by India, which has a tender out to buy gas from the United States. That tender requires that three of the ships used to transport that be built in India. 
I say let’s build the other seven in 
the United States. They want Amer-ican natural gas; build the ships in America. 
We know that this is a big industry. 
Cheniere needs 100 ships when they begin to ship natural gas, LNG, from their new terminal in Texas—100 ships. Are those American ships? 
No, not without this amendment. 
Those ships will be Chinese ships in Chinese shipyards built by Chinese. 
How about America? How about 
building it in America? 
That is what this amendment is 
about. We can all agree that we want American jobs. Is there one among the 435 of us who wants the jobs to be in China or Korea or Japan? I don’t think so. 
Let’s do it in America. This is an 
American-made amendment. This is an amendment for American workers, American shipyards. 
This is not going to kill the bill. This 
is going to make this bill into a real ‘‘Make It In America,’’ a real American jobs bill with hundreds of thousands of jobs spread throughout this Nation. 
Mr. Chairman, work with us. Make 
this into a real, robust American jobs bill. Adopt this amendment. Put aside the normal game we play with MTRs, which is just kind of a Kabuki dance here. 
Let’s do it for the American workers, 
for the American shipyards all across this Nation. That is what this is about. 
This is an unexpected opportunity 
that has come about because of our great natural gas industry here. Take advantage of it. Think about the na-tional security. Think about our ship-yards, the U.S. Navy, the mariners. Make it in America. Adopt this amend-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes in opposition to the mo-tion. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, first 
of all, I want to thank the gentleman from California for offering this mo-tion to recommit. It has two basic parts to it. The first part relates to de-nying applications of natural gas that would be exported to any nation that is a state-sponsored terrorist. 
We feel quite confident that, under 
the existing law and under H.R. 351, the Department of Energy is not going to approve the export of natural gas that is going to be in the public interest to any terrorist state. 
The second question, which is a very 
important question—and as I said in the Rules Committee and say on the floor, I am delighted that Mr. G
ARAMENDI has raised this issue about 
U.S.-flagged ships being involved in the export. 
As you know, his amendment goes to 
the Jones Act, and the Jones Act, as we all know, requires U.S.-flagged ships between ports here in the United States, but it does not expand to ex-port and the use in other countries, and that raises a much broader issue than this very narrow-focused bill. 
I do think that that discussion needs 
to take place at some point in time, but, at this time, I am going to re-spectfully request the Members to re-ject the motion to recommit. 
I, and others, would look forward to 
talking to Mr. G
ARAMENDI in more de-
tail about a broader debate on what impact expanding the Jones Act would have on our international trade. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Speaker will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 175, nays 237, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 49] 
YEAS—175 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA7.004 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H653 January 28, 2015 
Fattah 
Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—21 
Brady (PA) 
Capuano Clay Crowley DeFazio Duckworth Engel Gutie´rrez 
Heck (NV) Jones Lee Lieu (CA) Marino Meeks Neal 
Nunnelee Perlmutter Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Slaughter Young (AK) 
b1050 
Mr. ROUZER, Mrs. COMSTOCK, 
Messrs. SENSENBRENNER, MARCH-ANT, BUCK, CRENSHAW, PALMER, JORDAN, HANNA, and NUNES changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. WELCH, Mrs. LAWRENCE, 
Messrs. POLIS, TAKAI, JOHNSON of Georgia, and TONKO changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 277, nays 133, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 50] 
YEAS—277 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—133 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeGette DeLauro Deutch Dingell Doggett Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hastings Higgins Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:53 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA7.006 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H654 January 28, 2015 
Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Amodei 
Brady (PA) Capuano Clay Crowley DeFazio DeSaulnier Duckworth Engel 
Gutie´rrez 
Heck (NV) Jones Lee Lieu (CA) Marino Meeks Neal 
Nunnelee Perlmutter Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Slaughter Young (AK) 
b1057 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 49 and 50. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on Roll Call vote num-ber 49, and no on Roll Call vote number 50. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on January 28, 
2015 I was unable to be present and missed the following votes: 
On Roll Call vote 49, on Agreeing to the 
Motion to Recommit With Instructions to H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Trans-parency Act, I would have voted AYE. 
On Roll Call vote 50, on Passage of H.R. 
351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Trans-parency Act, I would have voted NO. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY, JANU-
ARY 30, 2015; AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JANUARY 30, 2015, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2015 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Friday, January 30, 2015; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Mon-day, February 2, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour de-bate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HEALTHCARE.GOV 
(Mrs. BLACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, more than 
a year after its launch, healthcare.gov remains just as flawed as the under-lying ObamaCare law itself. 
Most recently, we learned that the 
Obama administration was sharing users’ personal data with numerous 
third party vendors. When the adminis-tration was caught with their hand in the cookie jar, they quickly scaled back, but many unanswered questions remain. 
That is why I have led a letter with 
Congressman P
ATMEEHAN demanding 
answers regarding healthcare.gov data security and privacy policies. While we wait for their reply, we have also re-introduced the Federal Exchange Data Breach Notification Act, legislation simply requiring that the government notify consumers if their personal in-formation is breached on the health care exchanges. 
It defies all logic that this basic re-
quirement isn’t already law. It is time that we change that. 
f 
COMMON GROUND TO BE FOUND 
ON TRADE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, in the 
State of the Union Address, the Presi-dent outlined some areas where com-mon ground can be found to work with Congress. One important area is trade. 
I agree with the President that we 
should move forward on trade agree-ments to create jobs for our workers as we expand exports to help our manu-facturers, our ranchers, and our farm-ers. With the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, we will allow American companies to sell our goods and serv-ices in the emerging markets of Asia and create jobs here at home. A new trade agreement with Europe to help streamline and modernize standards and regulations will level the playing field for American companies. 
Mr. Speaker, 95 percent of the world’s 
consumers live outside of the United States, and these trade agreements will give us the opportunity to build on the success that we already enjoy. In Min-nesota, 750,000 jobs are directly con-nected to international trade. It is time for the President and the Con-gress to move forward on a robust trade agenda to help create a healthier economy. 
f 
CELEBRATING LIFE OF JIM 
NYSTROM 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Jim Nystrom of Titusville, Pennsylvania, who passed away last weekend. 
After serving in the military, raising 
a family, and building a successful practice as a CPA, Jim still answered the call of his community each and every time it was raised. Over the years, he served as president of the school board, as a city council member, as mayor of the city of Titusville, and 
on almost every board and organiza-tion that needed volunteer help to ful-fill their mission. When local busi-nesses found themselves in trouble, Jim was always there, lending his ad-vice and expertise that saved countless jobs in the process, never with the ex-pectation of credit or recognition. 
Please join me in celebrating the life 
of Jim Nystrom and in sending the sympathy of this institution to Jim’s family and to the many friends who survive him. 
You will long be remembered, Jim, 
for your drive, your generosity, and for a life well lived. 
f 
THANKING SAN DIEGO FIRE DE-
PARTMENT AND CHIEF BRIAN FENNESSY 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to highlight San Diegan Brian Fennessy, assistant fire chief of the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department, who is here in D.C. sharing his exper-tise fighting wildfires so that commu-nities across the country can be better prepared. 
This morning, Chief Fennessy testi-
fied before the House Transportation Committee’s Economic Development Subcommittee on ways to speed up dis-aster recovery and save taxpayer dol-lars by lessening the harm of disasters. 
In San Diego, we have learned many 
lessons from the numerous firestorms of the last decade, including the impor-tance of increasing preparedness and emergency planning, and the need for coordination among various levels of government. 
As extreme weather becomes more 
prevalent, sharing information from local experiences on what does work and doesn’t work will only become more important. 
So thank you to Chief Fennessy for 
sharing your experience, and I thank all of the brave men and women of the San Diego Fire Department. 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
(Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, those of 
us who have been blessed with children in the back of our minds always fear for their health and their safety. Maine is one of the safest States in America. Even so, our families have not been im-mune to the horror of child kidnap-ping, rape, and sex trafficking. 
Two years ago, Maine State legis-
lator Amy Volk had the courage to lead a very painful public discussion about the risk of human trafficking in Maine. Her persistence resulted in the awareness of this horrific violence waged against our children living in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA7.007 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H655 January 28, 2015 
Maine and those being brought to our 
State. 
Yesterday, I was proud to stand 
shoulder to shoulder with my Repub-lican and Democrat colleagues in the House to unanimously pass the first of a dozen bills to fight the scourge of human trafficking in America. 
As parents and as public officials, we 
owe it to our families to help our States and our local communities with stronger law enforcement and tougher criminal penalties for those who prey upon our children. 
I ask our colleagues in the Senate to 
now do the same and to help rid this land of the unthinkable horrors of human trafficking. 
f 
RAISING SHASTA DAM 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service brought up a possible concern on salm-on habitat on a water storage project in California. This would be above Shasta Dam. There is a proposal to possibly raise the dam. 
But what really gets me is that the 
concern more is about a fictional prob-lem with salmon habitat that really doesn’t exist above a possible raise of the dam, and not much more attention focused on what the effects would be on the people that live around the lake and the need they would have for infra-structure, their resorts, marinas, the things that they do there. 
So it is really disconcerting that U.S. 
Fish & Wildlife is creating a fictional problem on an environmental side and not looking at the human impact of what a possible raise—it may be a good thing; it may be not a good thing—the raise of Shasta Dam could be. I implore them to take a look at what the needs are of the people around that lake. 
f 
COMBATING TERRORISM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ). 
NO NUCLEAR IRAN  
Mr. CLAWSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. G OHMERT for yielding to me. 
Already a grave and growing existen-
tial threat to Israel, a nuclear armed Iran would be a colossal, horrific game changer. It would launch a nuclear arms race in what is already the world’s most dangerous neighborhood. We all know that this must not be al-lowed to happen. 
The Islamic Republic of Iran’s nu-
clear ambitions are made more dire when considering that they are the world’s most dangerous state supporter 
of Islamic extremist terrorism, with a destabilizing presence in Lebanon, in Syria, and in Iraq. And Iran’s financial and military support for the Houthi rebels in Yemen has led to the collapse of the Hadi government. 
Thus, Iran today exerts major influ-
ence, not just in rebel territories, but in four Middle East capitals—Beirut, Baghdad, Damascus and Sana’a. 
The crisis in Yemen threatens to 
launch yet another civil war in the re-gion, and this severely handcuffs U.S. counterterrorism operations against AQAP. Islamists in Iran and elsewhere repeatedly threaten to slaughter all standing in their way—with their ulti-mate targets being Israel and the United States—us, their great Satan. They must never be allowed nuclear weapons capabilities. Does anyone real-ly doubt whether they would use these capabilities someday? Well, there must be some reason why Iran is developing ICBMs. 
Last week, Iran’s Channel 2 broad-
cast satellite imagery showing recently constructed missile-related sites. Those sites included a launch pad capa-ble of firing an ICBM, and on that launch pad was a never-seen-before missile measuring 27 meters in length. While we negotiate, the Iran story gets worse. 
We have been extending deadlines 
and softening sanctions on Iran, while they fail to meet their end of the bar-gain. 
b1115 
It is bizarre to me that we are debat-
ing with the Iranians the numbers of their centrifuges but leaving off the table their support for terrorism, their ICBMs, and their continued human rights violations. 
Is it the right thing to do to sit 
across the table, remain silent about the costs we and our allies have paid and are paying because of their finan-cial and military support of our en-emies? Does this make sense? Shouldn’t we insist on adding to the agenda Iran’s destabilizing actions in the region and also their ICBM pro-gram that puts us all at risk? 
Merely delaying some of the poten-
tial horror for a decade or so is not a good option in my view. A bad deal where we declare victory by kicking this can down the road is far worse than no deal at all. 
Iran now threatens to end nuclear 
talks if Congress increases sanctions against their regime. I say we must never yield to threats from Iran or any other nation. 
We must stand strong, continue sanc-
tions, and even strengthen them until Iran gets the message. I believe that strengthening sanctions will get us a better deal. Leverage produces a better deal. 
We must remain unwavering in our 
support for Israel. We must listen care-fully to the concerns of Prime Minister Netanyahu on this subject. I hope we unite with our Arab partners and do all 
that is possible to prevent Iran from going nuclear. 
We must lead the civilized world in 
this crucial mission. I think this is our destiny. 
We urge President Obama to join 
with Congress in this resolve. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, there is 
a great deal going on, and I think the first thing that needs to be addressed is the 70th anniversary of something that should never have happened in civilized society. This is the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz death camp. 
As a schoolboy growing up in east 
Texas, later attending Texas A&M, and especially in my time, my 4 years in the United States Army, as we dis-cussed and looked at World War II, things that had occurred then—I was a history major and was with the Army for 4 years and majored in history. 
It was just always amazing. How 
could people who said they were civ-ilized kill 6 million of any race, gender, national origin? How could that hap-pen? 
But it did happen. On learning that 
Eisenhower required people from the surrounding villages to be brought in to help clean up concentration camps, death camps—as I understood the rea-son—was so no one could ever deny that the death camps occurred. 
I thought that seemed ridiculous. 
How could anybody deny the Holo-caust? There aren’t all that many sur-vivors, but there are enough, and the evidence is there, and it clearly hap-pened. But just as Hitler showed, if any lie is told often enough, people begin to believe it, especially if it is even print-ed. 
Here is something that was in print 
yesterday from a man named Martin Greenfield from foxnews.com, and these are Martin Greenfield’s words. Mr. Greenfield said: 
Seventy years ago, I was in a Nazi con-
centration camp. Since then, I have seen ty-rants and dictators enter and exit the global stage; yet as the world prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the Auschwitz liberation, it is perhaps well and right that we reflect on how the Holocaust shocked the moral imagination on a scale the world could scarcely fathom. 
Why ponder such things? Because for far 
too many, the Holocaust remains a mystery. A major poll taken last year of 53,000 people found that just 54 percent had ever heard of the Holocaust. Knowledge of Auschwitz is likely even more limited, particularly among young people. Past surveys have shown that nearly half of Britons had never heard of Auschwitz. Some schoolchildren even thought Auschwitz was a type of beer. 
Here at home in America, a debate erupted 
last year when a teenager posted a smiling selfie at Auschwitz. Whatever your opinion on the appropriateness of her actions, I was at least pleased to be reminded that some young Americans still visit the Nazi con-centration camp to learn history up close. 
I, too, visited Auschwitz as a teenager. In 
1944, my family and I stood in line before Dr. Josef Mengele—the Nazi physician known as the ‘‘Angel of Death’’—as my mother, grand-parents, two sisters, and baby brother were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.022 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H656 January 28, 2015 
all sent to the left to be burned in Hitler’s 
ovens. My father and I were sent to the right. 
The first night inside Auschwitz, my father 
said we must separate because, together, we would suffer double. 
He quoted his father, ‘‘On your own, 
you will survive,’’ his father told him. ‘‘You are young and strong, and I know you will survive. If you survive by yourself, you must honor us by living, by not feeling sorry for us. This is what you must do.’’ 
That was the last time I ever saw my fa-
ther. I am grateful for my father’s words of grace and guidance. They echo in my heart even still. It is a cruel thing, feeling guilty for surviving, but my father erased any fu-ture guilt and replaced it with purpose. It was a gift only a father’s wisdom could give. It gave me a reason to go forward, a reason to be. It does still. 
Part of heeding my father’s words involved 
replacing the horrors of my Holocaust past with a life spent creating beauty in the form of hand-tailored suits for U.S. Presidents, Hollywood films, and the world’s most influ-ential men. 
In fact, my first sewing lesson took place 
in the Auschwitz concentration camp laun-dry when I accidentally ripped the collar of a Nazi soldier’s shirt. A guard beat me before a kind, older inmate taught me how to sew a simple stitch to repair the torn shirt. It was hardly the ideal tailoring apprentice-ship, but it was my first lesson in the skill that became my livelihood. 
But at 86, another part of honoring my fa-
ther’s wishes requires being a voice for the voiceless. Indeed, as parents, educators, and citizens, we must all do our part to help en-sure that ‘‘Never Forget’’ remains much more than a threadbare catchphrase that gathers dust and loses meaning with each passing year. 
For example, many people are surprised to 
learn that Auschwitz was actually a complex comprised of three main camps and dozens of satellites. The United States Holocaust Me-morial Museum’s statistics estimate that be-tween 1940 and 1945, at least 1.1 million Jews and 200,000 of Hitler’s undesirables were sent to the Auschwitz complex. Of those, 1.1 mil-lion were murdered. 
As I have noted elsewhere, that number 
would have been far greater were it not for the courage of the American soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who traveled around the world to defeat a moral darkness that consumed at least 6 million Jewish souls. 
That is a lesson worthy of remembrance. 
The 70th anniversary of the liberation marks that moment when freedom conquered barba-rism through sureness of virtue and strength of will. Sadly, as recent events reveal, that remains a lesson humanity must learn and relearn from generation to generation. 
The word ‘‘Holocaust’’ means sacrifice by 
fire. May the memory of the millions who were engulfed in the flames like my family never be forgotten. 
That is Martin Greenfield, 70 years 
after being liberated from Auschwitz death camp. 
There is another article from CBC 
News. Aleksandra Sagan includes this regarding Mordechai Ronen, 82, born with the family name Markovits. He would be making a second visit to Auschwitz for the commemoration ceremonies. 
At nearly 12, Ronen saw Auschwitz for the 
first time as a prisoner after soldiers forced all the Jews in his Hungarian town into a ghetto and, 2 weeks later, shipped them in cattle cars to the camp. Dr. Josef Mengele, the Nazis’ Angel of 
Death, sent Ronen’s mother and two sisters to the gas chambers on arrival. Young Ronen made a lifesaving decision when he held on to his father’s hand and joined the line of men. 
He spent about 2 weeks at Auschwitz, 
where he witnessed soldiers using an infant for target practice and slept on piles of corpses to avoid selection for the gas cham-ber. 
He and his father were moved to a nearby 
labor camp where the brutality continued. One day, his father told Ronen he could no longer get up to work for the cement bri-gade. Ronen last saw his father as soldiers took him away. It is the only day he remem-bers crying and the day he decided to sur-vive. 
Ronen was liberated from a third camp, 
Gunskirchen, and remembers walking to a nearby town, knocking on a resident’s door and asking if he could take a shower. 
Ronen, who prefers to be called a 
‘‘victorer’’ rather than a survivor, first re-turned to Auschwitz in 1999, when he guided then-Prime Minister Jean Chretien around the grounds. 
It is important to Ronen to show the world 
he is alive and to share the history of the Holocaust. 
‘‘Maybe the world will realize what we 
went through, and it will be the end, and we are going to have peace and quiet in the world,’’ he explains. 
Unfortunately, it is not the end of 
horrors. Tragically, Christians now are being killed, persecuted, and tortured in greater numbers than ever in the history of the world. 
b1130 
Anti-Semitism, hatred against Jews, 
is growing like I couldn’t have imag-ined. In college, when I studied in his-tory, I couldn’t have imagined the kind of anti-Jewish hatred, the kind of anti- Semitism that would be growing as it has, and the United States of America would be doing precious little about it instead of standing up for the Jewish people and calling out anti-Semitism where it exists and where it grows and proliferates, as it does in the United Nations, for example, as it has in Eu-rope, as it has in England, as it has right here in America. 
It is unconscionable that at a time in 
world history when the United States is said to be the true superpower of the world—even as that power has been seen as diminishing by people around the world, as polling indicates around the world, but still to be seen as the great superpower—as anti-Jewish ha-tred grows and we do precious little about it, and even at times stoke those flames, even in our universities, who are so proud of accepting massive amounts of money from people who are part of organizations that hate Jews and fund such courses or seminars on things like Islamophobia, not a liber-ated mental process of recognizing anti-Semitism, recognizing Jewish ha-tred—no, stoking those flames against the Jewish people. It is unbelievable that it is happening here in America as well. 
And it is even more unbelievable that 
it is happening among what some would refer to as the intelligentsia, those who are supposed to be more en-
lightened than the rest of a nation, who see things as they truly are. And yet, in America, some of those sup-posed enlightened intelligentsia are growing to be some of the most anti- Semitic people in the country. 
How did all this happen? Money for 
one thing, political power for another. But it has to stop. Money and initially power in Nazi Germany stoked the flames of anti-Jewish hatred. But there is anti-Christian hatred growing as well. Radical Islam has proliferated around the world. Violent radical Islam has grown. They aren’t junior varsi-ties. These are literal cutthroats who have to be stopped. 
It is not enough for the United States 
administration to beg radical 
Islamists, Jew- and Christian-hating leaders to sit at the table or offer to let their murderers go free if they will just sit down and visit with us, reminiscent of what Jimmy Carter wanted to do after an act of war was committed against our Embassy, and in the 36 years that have followed, what ap-peared to radical Islamists as a weak, paper tiger, toothless America did nothing but beg to sit down and talk and try to encourage Iran to let our prisoners go. It was not until Ronald Reagan took office they were released. They never wanted to fight the United States superpower. 
That has been changed over the 
years. Since ’79, when they committed an act of war, attacked our Embassy, around the world people have been shown: Oh, you can do that against the United States and get away with it. The good thing is they may end up leaving your country and then they may offer to give you money. They may offer to release murderers from prison so they can come back and help kill more Americans. You know, they are not very smart over there in the United States. That has been going on since 1979. 
It is tragic when we encourage rad-
ical Islamist holocausts, which is what they would like to do, they said they were going to do, by letting the mur-derers go. How could this administra-tion for months now think that Yemen was a great example of moderate Islam working out? I have known since a con-stituent months ago was in jeopardy, and we were able to get special ops peo-ple to help get them out. 
According to them, the Embassy was 
attacked many months ago. Back at the time Embassy personnel officially said: ‘‘No, it was a nearby attack, but it wasn’t us.’’ When the Iranian-backed Houthis, the radical Islamists in Yemen, were taking over the capital and taking over the country—and in-stead of standing up firmly against them and protecting our American in-terests we were releasing murderers, radical Islamic murderers—we were talking about how wonderful things were in Yemen. That is exactly how the kind of anti-Jewish, anti-Christian sentiment could grow to the point of having a holocaust. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.023 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H657 January 28, 2015 
It is literally breathtaking for an ad-
ministration not to understand that while it is trying to placate radical Is-lamic leaders in Iran and telling them: ‘‘We just want to talk. As long as you will keep talking to us, we will keep Israel from protecting themselves to their own detriment. Just keep talking to us and you keep those centrifuges spinning, that is fine with us.’’ 
Now we know, we have been in-
formed, that the administration has taken complete dismantlement of the centrifuges and their equipment to help them create nuclear weapons off the table. It is not even something they are demanding anymore. In other words, the word is out that this admin-istration is apparently okay with Iran getting nukes but just would prefer that it wait until after this President leaves office. It doesn’t matter when a President leaves office. If an adminis-tration gives bloodthirsty zealots the ability to create a holocaust, history does not forgive them simply because they had already left office when the holocaust actually started. 
Nigeria doesn’t need us to send 
troops to stop the radical Islamists there, but they need help. Boko Haram continues to kill, rape, torture. There it is about going after Christians. The small-scale holocausts that Boko Haram is creating don’t get so much as a whimper these days from this admin-istration. They may say a few words, but they are hollow and they do not af-fect Boko Haram as they continue to be emboldened. 
Just like when the IRS was caught 
redhanded being weaponized and used as a Democratic political tool, which appears to have violated criminal law— yes, we have had hearings, but we haven’t held them accountable. And, therefore, it seems to have encouraged even more impropriety by people with-in the IRS. 
When people get caught in impro-
priety and don’t pay a cost, then you see what we are seeing in Nigeria, you see what we are seeing in Afghanistan, in Pakistan, in Syria, in Iran, in Iraq, and in Libya. 
Oh, I know the President, his admin-
istration, bragged about the Arab Spring and about taking out Qadhafi, who had become an ally after he gave up any efforts for nuclear weapons, completely opened his defenses to the United States. This administration and the prior administration had agree-ments with Qadhafi. But this adminis-tration never lets agreements get in the way of helping radical Islamists. 
Because this administration did help 
radical Islam turn Libya into a smok-ing country where people die, where our own people were not protected, be-cause of the fantasy of those who thought that somehow the name, the United States, would be adequate to keep Chris Stevens and the other Americans safe in Benghazi. We didn’t need to give them added security like they asked for, we didn’t even need to respond when Chris Stevens called and said they were under attack—never 
said anything about a video because it was not. 
But that smokescreen worked. The 
President got reelected. He didn’t have to account for that before the election, still hasn’t had to account for where he was and why help was not forthcoming. 
I mean, even after 20 hours this ad-
ministration that had planes—we know for sure within 3
1⁄2hours—after 20 
hours they get a private plane there, that is it. David Ubben, with most of his leg, right leg, blown off, no pain-killers, no morphine, they don’t have a C–130 that they land to take him up in on a gurney. They get a private plane from somebody who wasn’t even Amer-ican, and they have to knock David up against the door, turning the gurney every which way trying to get him in, without painkillers, causing more pain, more suffering, because this adminis-tration, apparently they were thinking that if they sent more help than just a private plane like that, a military plane, if that were sent, it might look like Libya were not the wonderful country that this administration helped create by bombing Qadhafi out of existence. 
And, yes, it was not, it is true, it was 
not a U.S. bomb that took Qadhafi out. But our bombs put him on the run, our bombs stopped his caravan. Our Presi-dent wouldn’t respond for 3 days after Qadhafi offered to leave in exile and avoid any bloodshed before it all start-ed. This administration didn’t respond. Obviously, they were okay with having bloodshed and Qadhafi being wiped out. So they got what they were hoping for, obviously. 
b1145 
But what do we have now? 
We have a country in Libya that is in 
absolute turmoil. By the way, because Libya is in turmoil due to this admin-istration, they are helping turn Egypt into as much turmoil as they can. Thank God for President el-Sisi. In having met with him on more than one occasion, I was impressed by the man. Before he was President, he asked that we bring back a message to this admin-
istration since this administration— this President—froze the helicopters that were being sent, the Apaches. The question was: Does this administra-tion—does this President—not under-stand that we use the Apache heli-copters to keep the Suez Canal open? 
Although there were some that 
bought Morsi’s lies that he was deweaponizing the Sinai—supposedly to diminish the threat to Israel from the Sinai—and after Morsi was re-moved for his unconstitutional actions, not in a coup but in an uprising, which was a peaceful revolution by reportedly over 30 million of their 90 million peo-ple, they found that the Sinai had been dramatically weaponized and had been contributing weapons equipment to Gaza to help threaten and cause terror to Israel. 
Once again, whether it is the Sinai, 
Gaza, northern Israel that was given to Lebanon, it seems going back to the 
very inception of Israel—back when Israel was first brought, according to the Bible, into the Promised Land—we know of Canaan. The Canaanites no longer exist, so other people claim it who are not Canaanites. Actually, the Israelis had claim to it after the Ca-naanites. Others who occupied the land back over 3,000 years ago don’t exist. This land, according to the Bible, was given to the children of Israel. It seems to be true that there has never been a time when Israel gave away land when trying to buy peace that that land that they gave away was not used as a stag-ing area from which to attack it. 
Gaza, what a noble thing to do by the 
Israelis. They took an area that was prosperous, self-sustaining, with green-houses growing vegetables that would feed the people who lived there. An amazing place was the Gaza Strip. Then some noble Israeli leaders thought, Do you know what? It is not required. We are getting absolutely nothing in return, but we are going to do the unilateral act that will be so noble, that will be so full of grace that the world, even those who don’t like us, will go, Wow. Those Israelis, they are okay. They are nice folks. 
Look, they didn’t get anything in re-
turn; yet they still gave away the Gaza Strip. What a wonderful group of peo-ple. I mean, that just doesn’t happen. The United States never gave back its land to England or to Spain or to France or to other countries that ini-tially had claims here. Other countries don’t do that, but Israel did. They gave away the Gaza Strip. Previous to that, they had given away what northern Israel now calls southern Lebanon. Southern Lebanon, people will recall, has been the site of attacks on Israelis—war. 
So how was this grace, this benefi-
cence of Israel’s giving the Gaza Strip to the Palestinians, rewarded? It has been rewarded by their giving back to Israel thousands upon thousands upon thousands of rockets. Some kill. All terrorize. All cost money to Israel. 
The most important problem they 
have created is the threat to life, the threat to their existence; and we still have people in this country who say, Well, if you just keep giving away land, eventually, they will be satisfied, when the very materials that are being pro-moted by the people this administra-tion supports among the Islamists— they made very clear the reason we name holidays, streets, areas, parks after suicide bombers who kill inno-cent children, women, men is that we, ultimately, are going to destroy Israel and wipe it off the map. We hate Jews that much; and this administration thinks, somehow, they will bring rad-ical Islam around to really being this group of peace. 
Now, there is a document that was an 
exhibit in the United States v. the Holy Land Foundation in which there were many individuals and groups named as coconspirators. They were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.025 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H658 January 28, 2015 
not indicted, but they were named as 
coconspirators. It includes the Council on American-Islamic Relations, CAIR, which has a nice office building just up the street here, and the Islamic Soci-ety of North America, ISNA, the leader of which is Imam Magid, who goes to the White House, who goes to the State Department, who advises the President 
and let’s him know when somebody is criticizing Islam, so the administration steps in and goes after him. 
In this exhibit from the Holy Land 
Foundation trial—it was the biggest funding of terrorism case ever in U.S. history, and people who were involved originally had indicated the goal was to convict these first five, to name all of these coconspirators, and if we get convictions of those first five, like we think we should, then we proceed and go after the remainder. They were con-victed in late 2008. President Obama took office a month or two later, and this administration would under no cir-cumstances go after these people who had been alleged in the documents of funding radical Islamic terrorism even after the U.S. District Court in Dallas and the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals in New Orleans confirmed that there was plenty of evidence to support that someone like ISNA or CAIR was a legitimate coconspirator named in the indictment and that their names would not be removed. 
I have asked for years now of the 
Justice Department to make available the documents that were provided to the convicted terrorists—those funding terrorism or terrorists—and this ad-ministration now, for years, has drug their feet and has refused to provide all of the documents that were provided to the terrorists. 
On one occasion, the Attorney Gen-
eral basically said there are issues here of privilege, and my point was—and is—you gave them to the terrorists; surely, you can give them to Members of Congress. But the answer is, no, they can’t. They are going to keep obfus-cating. They don’t want us to see all of the documents that they had in their possession that they gave to the terror-ists. I have a feeling, if we saw all of the documents, it would be very, very clear in the purging that this adminis-tration has done of our training mate-rials of the FBI’s, of the intelligence agency’s, of the State Department’s, and the Justice Department’s that, if there is anything that might bother a radical Islamist who wants to kill us, then it has to be removed. They re-moved it. 
In the document from a 1991 meeting, 
in what is called an ‘‘Explanatory Memorandum,’’ it spells out their goals. It was written in 1991 by a mem-ber of the board of directors of the Muslim Brotherhood in North America and by a senior Hamas leader named Mohamed Akram. It had been approved by the Muslim Brotherhood’s Shura Council and Organizational Conference, and it was meant for internal review by the Muslim Brotherhood leadership in Egypt. It was not intended for public 
consumption. These are the words from the introduction that is part of this document from the Center for Security Policy. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to quote from 
the document, itself, prepared by the Muslim Brotherhood in 1991, setting their goals for America: 
One: The Memorandum is Derived from: 
One, the general strategic goal of the 
group in America, which was approved by the Shura Council and the Organizational Conference for the year 1987, is: ‘‘Enablement of Islam in North America, meaning: estab-lishing an effective and stable Islamic move-ment led by the Muslim Brotherhood which adopts Muslims’ causes domestically and globally and which works to expand the ob-servant Muslim base; aims at unifying and directing Muslims’ efforts; presents Islam as a civilization alternative; and supports the global Islamic state—if that name sounds fa-miliar—wherever it is.’’ 
Two, the priority that is approved by the 
Shura Council for the work of the group in its current and former session, which is ‘‘set-tlement.’’ 
Skipping down to ‘‘Two: An Introduc-
tion to the Explanatory Memo-randum,’’ it says: 
The question we are facing is: ‘‘How do you 
like to see the Islam movement in North America in 10 years?’’ or ‘‘taking along’’ the following sentence when planning and work-ing ‘‘Islamic Work in North America in the year 2000: A strategic vision.’’ 
It goes on: 
Also, we must summon and take along ele-
ments of the general strategic goal of the group in North America. 
For those large numbers of people in 
college who may not realize, North America is where we live. 
The document says: 
I will intentionally repeat them in num-
bers. They are: 
One, establishing an effective and stable Is-
lamic movement led by the Muslim Brother-hood. 
Two, adopting Muslims’ causes domesti-
cally and globally. 
Three, expanding the observant Muslim 
base. 
Four, unifying and directing Muslim ef-
forts. 
Five, presenting Islam as a civilization al-
ternative. 
Six, supporting the establishment of the 
global Islamic state, wherever it is. 
b1200 
The document says: 
It must be stressed that it has become 
clear and emphatically known that all is in agreement that we must ‘‘settle’’ or ‘‘en-able’’ Islam and its movement in this part of the world. 
Three: The Concept of Settlement: The term was mentioned in the group’s 
‘‘dictionary’’ and documents with various meanings in spite of the fact that everyone meant one thing with it. We believe that the understanding of the essence is the same, and we will attempt here to give the word and its ‘‘meanings’’ a practical explanation with a practical movement tone and not a philosophical linguistic explanation, while stressing that this explanation of ours is not complete until our explanation of ‘‘the proc-ess’’ of settlement itself is understood which is mentioned in the following paragraph. We briefly say the following: Settlement: ‘‘That Islam and its movement 
become a part of the homeland it lives in.’’ 
Establishment: ‘‘That Islam turns into 
firmly rooted organizations on whose bases civilization, structure, and testimony are built.’’ 
Further down, it goes on, ‘‘That 
Islam is stable in the land.’’ 
Rooting: ‘‘That Islam is resident and not a 
passing thing or rooted ‘entrenched’ in the soil of the spot where it moves and not a strange plant to it.’’ 
Four: The Process of Settlement: In order for Islam and its movement to be-
come ‘‘a part of the homeland’’ in which it lives— 
Talking about North America. 
—‘‘stable’’ in its land, ‘‘rooted’’ in the spir-
its and minds of its people, ‘‘enabled’’ in the life of its society and has firmly established ‘‘organizations’’ on which the Islamic struc-ture is built and with which the testimony of civilization is achieved, the movement must plan and struggle to obtain ‘‘the keys’’ and the tools of this process in carrying out this grand mission as a ‘‘civilization jihadist’’ re-sponsibility which lies on the shoulders of Muslims and—on top of them—the Muslim Brotherhood in this country. 
Talking about here in the United 
States, North America. 
‘‘Among these keys and tools are the 
following.’’ It goes on to talk about the settlement concept and the funda-mental shift toward settlement of this country. 
Number four: 
Understanding the Role of the Muslim 
Brother in North America: 
The process of settlement is a ‘‘civilization 
jihadist process,’’ with all the word means. 
Anyway, it goes on. 
Another place here, it says: 
There is a conviction—with which this 
memorandum disagrees—that our focus in attempting to settle Islam in this country will lead to negligence in our duty towards the global Islamic movement in supporting its project to establish the state. 
We believe that the reply is in two seg-
ments. One, the success of the movement in America— 
Talking about the United States of 
America. 
One, the success of the movement in Amer-
ica in establishing an observant Islamic base with power and effectiveness will be the best support and aid to the global movement project. 
And the second is the global movement has 
not succeeded yet in ‘‘distributing roles’’ to its branches, stating what is the needed from them as one of the participants or contribu-tors to the project to establish the global Is-lamic state. The day this happens, the chil-dren of the American Ikhwani branch will have far-reaching impact and positions that make the ancestors proud. 
It is a great document goal for tak-
ing over the United States, which brings another story to the surface. It is from Bob Price from breitbart.com. ‘‘Islamic Tribunal Confirmed in Texas; Attorney Claims ’It’s Voluntary,’’’ and it talks about the new Islamic tribunal in Texas that has been confirmed now by Breitbart Texas. 
The tribunal is operating as a non-
profit organization in Dallas. Because when you understand the goals, if there is a major defeat or a major success, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.027 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H659 January 28, 2015 
Muslim Brotherhood requires a mosque 
be built there and a presence there. 
Naturally, they would want one at 
Ground Zero in New York; further, they would want a mosque and a strong presence in Dallas which was, they be-lieve, the place of their big defeat when the Holy Land Foundation principals were convicted and sent to prison. 
I did want to point out, as we finish 
up here today, that the President was giving an excellent speech in India about the importance of stopping the global war on women. He didn’t call it that. He only calls it that for Repub-licans, but there is a war on women, and it is not by Republicans. It is rad-ical Islam and even some moderate Islamists. 
He is giving this talk about the im-
portance of recognizing the importance and the equality of women—or some of us might say they are more equal than we are—but as he was doing that, this picture was on Saudi television. 
We have our United States President 
depicted here, and this is the First Lady of the United States of America being blurred out by this country’s al-lies because she wasn’t covered. Michelle Obama should never need to be covered if she doesn’t want to be; yet at the very time our President is talking about equality of women, he fails to notice that people that he con-siders allies are treating his own wife like this. 
Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we 
stand up against radical Islam or any Islam that wants a settlement civiliza-tion jihad in America. Anything and anybody who disagrees with the United States Constitution and wants to de-stroy it, tear it down, is an enemy to the United States and needs to be rec-ognized as such and not welcomed with open arms at the State Department and the White House. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of illness. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, January 30, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
235. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Civil Rights, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Age in 
Programs or Activities Receiving Federal Fi-nancial Assistance From the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture (RIN: 0503-AA57) re-ceived January 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
236. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s sixth interim and final report on a national study of credit report accuracy, en-titled ‘‘Report to Congress Under Section 319 of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (January 2015)’’; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
237. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Direct Grant Pro-grams and Definitions that Apply to Depart-ment Regulations [Docket ID: ED-2014-OII- 0116] (RIN: 1855-AA10) received January 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
238. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Mine Safety and Health Administration, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Proximity Detection Systems for Continuous Mining Machines in Underground Coal Mines [Docket No. MSHA- 2010-0001] (RIN: 1219-AB65) received January 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
239. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Colorado; Second Ten-Year PM10 Maintenance Plan for Steamboat Springs [EPA-R08-OAR-2013-0814; FRL-9921-54-Region 8] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
240. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Revisions to the State Implementation Plan Approved by EPA through Letter Notice Ac-tions [EPA-R03-OAR-2014-0494; FRL-9921-71- Region 3] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
241. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; North Carolina; Inspection and Maintenance Program Updates [EPA-R04-OAR-2013-0772; FRL-9921-83-Region 4] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
242. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Oregon: Interstate Transport of Fine Particulate Matter [EPA- R10-OAR-2011-0446; FRL-9921-69-Region 10] re-ceived January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
243. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Approval and Promulga-tion of Implementation Plans; State of New Mexico; Revisions to the State Implementa-tion Plan; General Definitions [EPA-R06- OAR-2011-0033; FRL-9921-79-Region 6] re-ceived January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
244. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s 
final rule — Flupyradifurone; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0226; FRL-9914-77] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
245. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Fosetyl-Al; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0540; FRL-9920-54] re-ceived January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
246. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Georgia: Final Authoriza-tion of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions [EPA-R04-RCRA-2014- 0710; FRL-9921-90-Region 4] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
247. A letter from the Director, Regulatory 
Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Depart-ment’s direct final rule — Revisions to the California State Implementation Plan; South Coast Air Quality Management Dis-trict and Ventura County Air Pollution Con-trol District [EPA-R09-OAR-2014-0781; FRL- 9920-52-Region 9] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
248. A letter from the Under Secretary for 
Industry and Security, Department of Com-merce, transmitting a report on Russian Sanctions: Licensing Policy for the Crimea Region of Ukraine, pursuant to the Export Administration Act, section 6(f)(2), under the authority conferred by Executive Order 13222, as amended and extended; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
249. A letter from the Acting Chief, Branch 
of FS, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Endangered and Threat-ened Wildlife and Plants; Listing the Straight-Horned Markhor as Threatened With a Rule Under Section 4(d) of the ESA [Docket No.: FWS-R9-ES-2011-0003; FXES111309F2460-145-FF09E22000] (RIN: 1018- AY42) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
250. A letter from the Acting Chief, Branch 
of Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determina-tion of Threatened Status for the Western Distinct Population Segment of the Yellow- billed Cuckoo (Coccyzus americanus) [Dock-et No.: FWS-R8-ES-2013-0104; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-AY53) received January 26, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
251. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-
covery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Revision to the Regulations for the Nonessential Experimental Population of the Mexican Wolf [Docket No.: FWS-R2-ES-2013- 0056; FXES11130900000-156-FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018-AY46) received January 26, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
252. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-
covery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Status for the Mexican Wolf [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-ES-2013-0073; FXES11130900000-156-FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018- AY00) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28JA7.029 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H660 January 28, 2015 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on 
Natural Resources. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. T URNER , Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, 
Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. R OSS, Mr. S ALM-
ON, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. C OLE, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
POMPEO , and Mr. R USSELL ): 
H.R. 578. A bill to protect the right of indi-
viduals to bear arms at water resources de-velopment projects administered by the Sec-retary of the Army, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: 
H.R. 579. A bill to provide for incentives for 
agencies and the judiciary to increase oper-ating efficiency; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mr. B
ARTON , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. 
MCNERNEY ): 
H.R. 580. A bill to protect consumers by re-
quiring reasonable security policies and pro-cedures to protect data containing personal information, and to provide for nationwide notice in the event of a security breach; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Mr. J OYCE ): 
H.R. 581. A bill to authorize a National 
Heritage Area Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and 
Mr. R
OONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 582. A bill to amend title III of the 
Public Health Service Act to provide for the establishment and implementation of guide-lines on best practices for diagnosis, treat-ment, and management of mild traumatic brain injuries (MTBIs) in school-aged chil-dren, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
G
OODLATTE , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, and Mr. K INGof Iowa): 
H.R. 583. A bill to provide for sanctions on 
countries that have refused or unreasonably delayed repatriation of an alien who is a na-tional of that country, or that have an exces-sive repatriation failure rate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. B LUM, and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE ): 
H.R. 584. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for the termination of certain retirement benefits for Members of Congress, except the right to continue participating in the Thrift Savings Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
TER of Texas, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P EARCE , and 
Mr. T HORNBERRY ): 
H.R. 585. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain settlements; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
CARNEY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C OOPER , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C AR-
SON of Indiana, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico): 
H.R. 586. A bill to establish the Inde-
pendent Government Waste Reduction Board to make recommendations to improve the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of Federal programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. 
H
ONDA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , and Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina): 
H.R. 587. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to award grants to States to im-prove early education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHRADER ): 
H.R. 588. A bill to preserve Medicare bene-
ficiary choice by restoring and expanding the Medicare open enrollment and disenrollment opportunities repealed by section 3204(a) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. 
B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia): 
H.R. 589. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the inclusion in gross income of Social Security benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. E STY, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
TEDLIEU of California, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. 
DELBENE, and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): 
H.R. 590. A bill to establish in the Bureau 
of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBT Peoples; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas (for herself and Mr. S
ENSEN -
BRENNER ): 
H.R. 591. A bill to provide for a coordinated 
Federal research program to ensure contin-ued United States leadership in engineering biology; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, 
and Mr. K IND): 
H.R. 592. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. T IPTON , Ms. D EGETTE , and 
Mr. B UCK): 
H.R. 593. A bill to extend the authorization 
for the construction of the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Aurora, Colorado, and to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into an agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers to manage such construction; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. 
A
MODEI , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B OST, Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D ENHAM , 
Mr. D ENT, Mr. E MMER , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G IB-
SON, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-
gia, Mr. H ILL, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H URDof Texas, 
Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. N UNES , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. R YANof Wisconsin, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JA7.000 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H661 January 28, 2015 
SHIMKUS , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. U PTON , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. Y OHO, 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. W ALDEN , 
Mr. A MASH , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. 
PERRY ): 
H.R. 594. A bill to preserve existing rights 
and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi-
ana, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R OD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G OWDY , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
MARINO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. F ARR, and Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California): 
H.R. 595. A bill to amend section 2259 of 
title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 596. A bill to repeal the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Nat-ural Resources, Rules, House Administra-tion, Appropriations, and the Budget, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself, Mr. W
IL-
SON of South Carolina, Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D OLD, Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. R EED, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B OST, 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. A MODEI , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. M ICA, 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
KATKO , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. SCHOCK , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. 
VALADAO ): 
H.R. 597. A bill to reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
C
OOPER , Mr. B OST, Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. L ONG): 
H.R. 598. A bill to provide taxpayers with 
an annual report disclosing the cost and per-formance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin (for himself 
and Mr. R
OSKAM ): 
H.R. 599. A bill to prohibit the Internal 
Revenue Service from modifying the stand-ard for determining whether an organization is operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and 
Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): 
H.R. 600. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the taxation of hard cider; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, 
Mr. S
HERMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. F OSTER , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H URT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER ): 
H.R. 601. A bill to amend the Gramm- 
Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual privacy notice requirement; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. 
G
IBBS, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. T URNER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
LATTA , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio): 
H.R. 602. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition and celebration of the Pro Football Hall of Fame; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. N
UNNELEE ): 
H.R. 603. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to establish a Social Secu-rity Surplus Protection Account in the Fed-eral Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund to hold the Social Security surplus, to provide for suspension of investment of amounts held in the Account until enact-ment of legislation providing for investment of the Trust Fund in investment vehicles other than obligations of the United States, 
and to establish a Social Security Invest-ment Commission to make recommendations for alternative forms of investment of the Social Security surplus in the Trust Fund; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for 
himself, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Ms. F OXX, and Mr. 
MARCHANT ): 
H.R. 604. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to make changes related to family-sponsored immigrants and to re-duce the number of such immigrants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. 
T
IBERI , Mr. H ARPER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. 
PETERSON ): 
H.R. 605. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the cov-erage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. 
C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. 
REICHERT ): 
H.R. 606. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 607. A bill to amend the VOW to Hire 
Heroes Act of 2011 to extend the Veterans Re-training Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: 
H.R. 608. A bill to authorize the President 
to award a gold medal on behalf of Congress to Muhammad Ali in recognition of his con-tributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. L EE, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. R USH, Mr. R ANGEL , 
and Mr. M CDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 609. A bill to establish the Food Safe-
ty Administration to protect the public health by preventing foodborne illness, en-suring the safety of food, improving research on contaminants leading to foodborne ill-ness, and improving security of food from in-tentional contamination, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 610. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to audit States to deter-mine if such States used Medicaid funds in violation of the Hyde Amendment and other Federal prohibitions on funding for abor-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. 
S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
RIBBLE , and Mrs. H ARTZLER ): 
H.R. 611. A bill to amend the Trafficking 
Victims Protection Act of 2000 relating to determinations with respect to efforts of for-eign countries to reduce demand for com-mercial sex acts under the minimum stand-ards for the elimination of trafficking; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. 
B
ARR, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Mr. B LUM, Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D UN-
CAN of Tennessee, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Ms. F OXX, Mr. B ARTON , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G IBBS, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JA7.100 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H662 January 28, 2015 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. 
GRIFFITH , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
MCHENRY , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. 
ROBY, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. Y OHO, 
Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. B UCSHON ): 
H.R. 612. A bill to preserve and protect the 
free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, or to re-frain from such activities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
NEY, Mr. B UCSHON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 613. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize veterans’ treatment courts and en-courage services for veterans; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. J
OLLY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. B ARR): 
H.R. 614. A bill to provide for savings, ac-
countability, value, and efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, 
Appropriations, Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Armed Serv-ices, Foreign Affairs, the Judiciary, Finan-cial Services, House Administration, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mrs. 
B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, and Mr. M CCAUL): 
H.R. 615. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to require the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. 
A
MODEI ): 
H.R. 616. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide for reforms to the EB-5 immigrant investor program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. 
S
LAUGHTER ): 
H.R. 617. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to enhance the clinical trial reg-istry data bank reporting requirements and enforcement measures; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. 
M
ESSER , Mr. D ESANTIS , and Mr. 
GOWDY ): H.R. 618. A bill to expand opportunity 
through greater choice in education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 619. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the expansion, in-tensification, and coordination of the pro-grams and activities of the National Insti-tutes of Health with respect to Tourette syn-drome; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. 
C
LYBURN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BEYER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and 
Mr. G RAYSON ): 
H.R. 620. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of de-duction for certain excessive employee remu-neration; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 621. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to make grants with mi-nority serving institutions for the purpose of establishing verified delivery systems to ad-dress social and academic problems facing veterans enrolled at such institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. L
EE, 
and Mr. H ECKof Nevada): 
H. Con. Res. 11. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing support for designation of January 2015 as ‘‘National Blood Donor Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H. Res. 59. A resolution recognizing the Na-
tional Construction Equipment Museum es-tablished, operated and maintained by the Historical Construction Equipment Associa-tion located in Bowling Green, Ohio, as the National Construction Equipment Museum; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H. Res. 60. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Small Business in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. COSTA (for himself and Mr. 
P
OEof Texas): 
H. Res. 61. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of a National Stalking Awareness Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Ms. B ASS, Mr. V ARGAS , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. E STY, 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. J ENKINS  
of Kansas, and Mr. C OURTNEY ): 
H. Res. 62. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing sexually exploited and trafficked girls in the United States; to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H. Res. 63. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on House Administration in the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, 
Ms. B
ASS, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, and Ms. T SONGAS ): 
H. Res. 64. A resolution recognizing Janu-
ary 2015 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month’’; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GIBBS: 
H.R. 578. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution and the Second Amendment, which states: A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: 
H.R. 579. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 which pro-
vides that ‘‘no money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appro-priations made by Law; and a regular State-ment and Account of the Receipts and Ex-penditures of all public Money shall be pub-lished from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 580. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have power ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes’’ 
By Mr. DENT: 
H.R. 581. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 582. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 583. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 
By Mr. D
ESANTIS: 
H.R. 584. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 6, Clause 1, of the U.S. 
Constitution: The Senators and Representa-tives shall receive a Compensation for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28JA7.100 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H663 January 28, 2015 
Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid 
out of the Treasury of the United States. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 585. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS: 
H.R. 586. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 587. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. ROTHFUS: 
H.R. 588. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. MASSIE: 
H.R. 589. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority for the Sen-
ior Citizens Tax Elimination Act is found in Article I, Section 8, which gives Congress the power to lay and collect taxes. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 590. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas: 
H.R. 591. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 592. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. COFFMAN: 
H.R. 593. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 14 and 18 of 
the Constitution of the United States; the authority raise and support an army, to make rules for the government and regula-tion of the land and naval forces and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers. 
The purpose of the bill is to provide assist-
ance to the VA for their construction activi-ties so that the veteran population has ac-cess to healthcare facilities. In order for the U.S. Government to support and regulate our land and naval forces for future engage-ments, it is necessary and proper for the Congress to legislate the construction of fa-cilities so the current and future veteran population is provided adequate healthcare. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power to regulate inter-state com-
merce is set forth Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Power to ‘‘regulate commerce among 
the several states!’ If the matter in question is not a purely local matter (intra-state) or if it has an impact on inter-state commerce, it falls within the Congressional power to regulate interstate commerce. National Fed-eration of Independent Business v. Sebelius (2012). 
Also Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2; Article 
6, Clause 2; and the 10th Amendment, which grants states all authority not explicitly given to the federal government, pursuant to which this bill seeks to return to the states authority previously and erroneously claimed by the federal government. 
Finally, Article I, section 8, clause 18, that 
grants Congress the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested by Congress in the Constitu-tion of the United States or in any depart-ment or officer thereof. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(1) to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; 
(2) to make all laws necessary and proper 
for executing powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This Act repeals the Patient Protection 
and Affordable Care Act and title I and sub-title B of title II of the Health Care and Edu-cation Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, which included several specific provi-sions that extend beyond the enumerated powers granted to Congress by the Constitu-tion, including, in particular, the Commerce, Taxing, and the Spending Clauses of Article I, Section 8, as well as the Necessary and Proper Clauses contained therein, and that otherwise improperly extend authority to Federal agencies in a manner inconsistent with the Vesting Clause of Article I, Section 1. 
The general repeal of this legislation is 
consistent with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendment X to the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. FINCHER: 
H.R. 597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7—No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: 
H.R. 599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clauses 1 and 18 of the 
Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides clear authority for Congress to pass tax legislation. Article I of the Constitution, in detailing Congressional authority, pro-vides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-
cises . . .’’ (Section 8, Clause 1). This legisla-tion is introduced pursuant to that grant of authority. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. 
Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 
of the Constitution allows for every bill 
passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 states, ‘‘The 
Congress shall have Power . . . To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, which states 
that Congress has the power ‘‘to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
that Congress has the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof . . .’’ 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: 
H.R. 608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 states The 
Congress shall have Power To lay and collect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA7.012 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H664 January 28, 2015 
Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay 
the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: 
H.R. 612. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This act erases the forced-dues clauses in 
the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) and Railway Labor Act (RLA). As such, this bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. MEEHAN: 
H.R. 613. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following. 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: 
H.R. 614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. PAYNE: 
H.R. 615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3, to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 616. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 617. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: to provide for the com-
mon defense and general welfare. 
By Mr. ROKITA: 
H.R. 618. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 619. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 3(d) (1) of rule XIII of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 620. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Sections 7 & 8 of Article I of the United 
States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 621. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
1. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 of the 
United States Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 21: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 24: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
MESSER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska and Ms. F OXX. 
H.R. 25: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 114: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 154: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York. 
H.R. 167: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 169: Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 173: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 188: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
UPTON , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 204: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 210: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 235: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 237: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 284: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 290: Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. P ALAZZO and 
Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 310: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
WITTMAN , and Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 315: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 340: Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin and Ms. 
GRANGER . 
H.R. 353: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 361: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 365: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 370: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 400: Mr. E MMER , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 402: Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi-
ana, and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 413: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
GIBSON . 
H.R. 417: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 424: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 427: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 430: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 431: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
HILL, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R EED, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , 
Mr. U PTON , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
BRAT, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
Mr. I SSA, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. D ENT, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. T UR-
NER, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R UIZ, 
Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Ms. 
BORDALLO , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 432: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 438: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 448: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 449: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 451: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. W EST-
MORELAND . 
H.R. 456: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 478: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 485: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia. 
H.R. 529: Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 532: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. 
POLIS. 
H.R. 546: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OSS, Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.J. Res. 11: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , and Mr. J OLLY . 
H. Res. 24: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
POCAN , and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H. Res. 32: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H. Res. 49: Mr. J OYCE , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H IG-
GINS, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
3. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the City of Minneapolis, Minnesota, relative to Resolution No. 2014R-530, supporting the President’s historic executive order on im-migration; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA7.014 H28JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S549 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 2015 No. 14 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Answer us, O God, when we call. Be 
gracious to us and hear our prayers. Look on our Nation with favor, for Your promises are sure. We thank You that so many of our Nation’s Founders put their trust in You. Lord, make us worthy of this godly heritage. 
May Your presence on Capitol Hill 
today so influence our Senators that the thoughts they think and the words they speak will honor You. 
Don’t be far from us, Lord, but con-
tinue to be our hope for years to come. Help us to remember how You have sustained us in the past as You provide for our daily needs. 
We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 
Thank you, Dr. Black. Your prayers are wonderful. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Today the Senate 
will resume consideration of the Key-stone bill. There are up to 18 rollcall votes scheduled this afternoon on pend-ing amendments to the bill. I want to 
commend Chairman M
URKOWSKI and 
Senator C ANTWELL for working with 
our colleagues to get literally dozens and dozens of amendments up and voted on in the 3 weeks we have been working on this bill. 
Now it is time to get through the re-
maining amendments and vote up or down on passage of this bill before we leave for the week. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 272 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for its second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (S. 272) making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings on this measure. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
f 
KEYSTONE ENERGY DEBATE AND 
529S 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
thanks to the bill managers’ efforts that I just referred to, along with the years-long work undertaken by Mem-bers on both sides—Senator H
OEVEN in 
particular—we expect this bipartisan bill to finally pass the Senate. 
We expect the filibuster of good 
American jobs to soon come to an end. That is good news for the Senate. It is even better news for the people we rep-resent. It would show their Congress is capable of defying the powerful special 
interests that oppose Keystone so we can get things done for the middle class. 
Constructing this infrastructure 
project would pump literally billions of dollars into our economy. It would sup-port thousands of jobs, and it would do it all with minimal environmental im-pact. That is according to what we have heard from the President’s own State Department. So it makes sense to get this bipartisan legislation to the President for his signature. We hope he will sign the Keystone jobs bill into law. The President should expect more good ideas to head his way. 
That is the goal of this new Congress. 
We want to get Washington func-tioning again, and we want to pass commonsense ideas. The Keystone de-bate is showing how we can do both. 
One other issue. I am certainly glad 
to see President Obama dropped his plan to make it harder for the middle class to save for college with 529s. I fought to ensure these plans were tax- free at the Federal level. Thanks to this incentive to save, literally mil-lions of Americans use 529s to help pre-pare for college expenses. These are good plans that promote responsible savings. I am not sure why President Obama would have sought to under-mine them in the first place, but it cer-tainly is good to see the President coming around to Republicans’ pro- middle-class view on this matter. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 30 days 
from today, on February 27, the De-partment of Homeland Security, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.000 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S550 January 28, 2015 
lead agency in protecting America 
from terrorism, will run out of money. The only way to prevent this impor-tant government agency from shutting down is for Congress to pass legislation to fund the Department and to do it quickly. 
This morning, we moved to the sec-
ond reading, what is known as a clean appropriations bill, which will provide resources for this critical Department. I hope the Senate can take that up quickly and pass it quickly as well. 
We should not even be debating the 
funding for the Homeland Security De-partment. Every other government agency has been funded through the end of the fiscal year, the end of Sep-tember, but not the Department of Homeland Security. The House Repub-licans insisted on separating this crit-ical agency from the rest of the Fed-eral Government and treating it dif-ferently, giving it temporary funding— what is known as a continuing resolu-tion—and making it extremely dif-ficult for the Department of Homeland Security to do its job to keep America safe. 
Why did the Republicans insist that 
this one agency be treated differently, funded in a way that it can’t do its job effectively? They are using the dead-line, the end of February, on this De-partment’s funding in an attempt to force the Senate to accept extreme anti-immigrant amendments that have been attached to the homeland secu-rity bill in the House. The House Re-publicans’ message to the Senate is very straightforward: Accept our con-troversial immigration amendments or we will shut down the Homeland Secu-rity Department. That is the height of irresponsibility. Now is not the time to play politics with homeland security. 
Just this weekend the world wit-
nessed another horrible terrorist act, the beheading of a Japanese hostage by the terrorist group ISIS. In light of the terrorist threat we currently face, it would be the height of irresponsibility to shut down the Department of Home-land Security as threatened by the House Republicans. That is one of the key government agencies charged with protecting Americans. 
Today I am calling on the Senate ma-
jority leader for a clean appropriations bill that we moved forward on the cal-endar this morning. Let’s pass this bill. Let’s make sure we do it in a timely way. Let’s fund this Department. 
Some Republican leaders are arguing, 
well, it is not such a big deal, giving temporary funding to the Department of Homeland Security, playing roulette with the prospects of whether it will be funded for the rest of this fiscal year. 
Last week the Republican chairman 
of the Senate homeland security com-mittee here in the Senate reportedly said, and I quote, that he ‘‘isn’t that concerned about the potential shut-down of the Homeland Security De-partment.’’ 
Jeh Johnson, the Secretary of Home-
land Security, has a much different view. He says our homeland security is 
already at risk because the Depart-ment is operating under a short-term funding bill known as a continuing res-olution. Listen to what Secretary Johnson said: ‘‘As long as this Depart-ment continues to operate on a [con-tinuing resolution], we are prevented from funding key homeland security 
initiatives [including] new grants to state and local law enforcement [and] additional border security resources.’’ 
How many times have we heard from 
the other side of the aisle the highest priority in America is our border secu-rity? Many of us agreed and voted for a comprehensive immigration reform that folded more resources than ever into protecting the border. Now the same people, the same elected officials, who have been arguing for a strong border are underfunding the Depart-ment with that responsibility. The Sec-retary reminds us their approach to this is going to jeopardize investments in border security. 
What are these amendments the 
House Republicans feel so strongly about that they are willing to risk the funding of this critical agency? The bill the House passed would defund President Obama’s immigration poli-cies, including the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program known as DACA. 
A quick history about how we 
reached the point we are at today. It was 14 years ago when I introduced the DREAM Act. The DREAM Act was de-signed to take care of children brought to America by their parents, children who were undocumented, and to give those children a chance, if they led a good life and finished school, if they were prepared to go to college or join our military, to have a path to legal status. Over the years this has been de-bated widely. Even many Republican leaders have stepped up and said, well, it is fundamentally just. Why would you hold the children responsible for a decision made by their parents to come to this country? Why would you jeop-ardize the future of a child because the parents came here, overstayed their visa, or failed to file the necessary pa-pers for their child? Even former Ar-kansas Governor Huckabee, inter-viewed this Sunday on television, made that very point. You don’t arrest a par-ent for speeding in the front seat and then arrest the baby sitting in the back seat for speeding. He made that point in light of his decisions as the Governor of Arkansas. 
Over time this concept of the 
DREAM Act has been moving toward acceptance by both political parties but moving very slowly. For 14 years we have been debating this one simple idea, that children should not be held responsible for the wrongdoing of their parents, that young people brought to this country and undocumented should be given a chance. And, of course, 2
1⁄2 
years ago, President Obama did some-thing. He did it at the request of many Senators, including myself. We wrote to him and said, Mr. President, while 
the Senate and Congress debate the fu-ture of the DREAM Act, there are lit-erally thousands of these young people who have no future in America. They don’t know which way to turn. They can’t get drivers licenses. They can’t go to school with any government as-sistance. They don’t have any basic idea what their future is going to be. 
The President said, here is what I 
will do. I will create this Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, the DACA Program. If these young peo-ple will come forward, if they will sub-mit a filing fee to cover the cost of the program, if they will submit them-selves to background checks, then we will give them temporary status in America—temporary status in Amer-ica. We are not making them citizens or declaring them legal forever. We are saying they can go to school and work without the fear of deportation. 
We estimate there are 2 million 
young people in our Nation of 350 mil-lion-plus who would qualify for this DACA treatment. Six hundred thou-sand have in fact registered in the 2
1⁄2 
years since the President’s decision. DACA put on hold deportation so these young people who grow up in this coun-try would have a chance. These are the DREAMers. They are the ones we have referred to over and over on the floor and tell their stories. 
Think about it. America is already 
invested in these young people. We paid for their education. We sent them to the classrooms in the schools. They stood there every morning by their desk, hand over their heart, pledging allegiance to the same flag we pledged allegiance to this morning. They sang the only national anthem they have ever known. They are just asking for a chance. 
Over the years I have come to the 
floor to tell their stories because leav-ing the explanation at this point really doesn’t touch on the reality of who these DREAMers are. I am going to tell another story this morning, and I want the record to show this young man I am about to speak about, Juan Rios. He is a person whom the House Repub-licans want to deport. They have said by their vote—by the amendment they put on this appropriations bill—they want Juan Rios to leave the United States of America. That is their goal, deport the DREAMers, all of those who have signed up for DACA and those who might sign up. That is just part of what they are trying to achieve. But that to me is the starting point that ought to be our starting point for debate. 
Juan Rios was brought to the United 
States when he was 10 years old. In high school Juan decided what his call-ing was. It was military service. He be-came a leader in the Air Force Junior ROTC in his high school, group com-mander, and armed drill team captain, and he rose to the rank of cadet lieu-tenant colonel. 
This photo is of Juan in uniform in 
high school. His dream was to attend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.002 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S551 January 28, 2015 
the Air Force Academy. Of course, it is 
a dream that couldn’t happen. He is un-documented. Instead, he enrolled in Ar-izona State University. 
In 2010 Juan Rios graduated from Ar-
izona State University. What course did he study? It was a degree in aero-nautical engineering. He is some stu-dent. 
This is a picture of him at his grad-
uation. But after he graduated with his degree in engineering, he didn’t know which way to turn. He couldn’t enlist in the military like he wanted to. He couldn’t work as an engineer because he was undocumented. His talents were wasted. He sent me a letter at that time and said: 
The United States of America is the coun-
try I want to live my life in, where I want to flourish as a productive citizen, where I want to grow old among my lifelong friends and where I want to one day fall in love and raise a family. 
So what happened to Juan after 
DACA, when the Executive order gave him the opportunity to have temporary protection and not be deported? In Feb-ruary 2013, after signing up for DACA, he interviewed for his first engineering job. Today Juan is working as a me-chanical engineer in the semiconductor industry. 
At the age of 27 he learned how to 
drive and bought his first car. After living in Arizona for 17 years, he was fi-nally able to visit the Grand Canyon for the first time. 
Juan sent a letter to me last week 
and said: 
I am fortunate to have found the oppor-
tunity to prove myself as a professional and to work in a place where I feel my contribu-tions are valued and recognized. The past two years have changed my life in every way imaginable. I think DACA is a responsibility, a privilege, and an opportunity for everyone who receives it to demonstrate that we as a community of Dreamers have so much to contribute to society. 
Juan Rios is trying to prove to every-
one that he is worth this investment, that he is worth this trust. He has done it. He will continue to do it. 
So why in the world do the House Re-
publicans want to deport Juan Rios? Why do they want to give up on this young man, with his idealism, his de-termination, and his record of accom-plishment? Why do they want him to leave the United States of America? 
Well, it is because he was brought 
here as a 5-year-old—undocumented. For that decision by his parents, the House Republicans would say: We have no use for Juan Rios. We don’t want him to stay. 
There are so many other stories simi-
lar to this one. It is clear that DACA works for America. I have been to Chi-cago so many times and met with these DREAMers. I know these young men and women. I believe in them, and I be-lieve they are going to make a dif-ference in this country. 
I also want to remind my friends on 
the Republican side of the aisle that America is a nation of immigrants. Our diversity is our strength. We come to this great country from so many dif-
ferent places, and we bring so many different cultures, languages, religions, ethnic backgrounds, and cuisines. We bring it all here, and we make it part of America’s future. 
I know a little bit about this story 
because my mother was an immigrant herself. She was brought here at the age of 2. Today I stand on the floor of the Senate representing the great State of Illinois. That is my story. That is my family story. That is Amer-ica’s story. 
There is something else I would say 
to the critics of immigrants. Immi-grants bring something special to America. Each one of these immigrant families took the greatest risk of their lives to come to America. Some of them literally risked their lives to do it. Others came to this country where they didn’t speak the language, knew very few people, and didn’t have any idea what their future would be. But they had heard about this America place, and they believed this was a bet-ter opportunity for them and for their kids. I am sure that is what brought my family to this country—my mother to this country—and I am sure that is what has brought a lot of people. 
That is part of our DNA. Those immi-
grants, their courage, and their deter-mination to be part of America and its future really bring to this country an energy that just can’t be matched in many other places in the world. 
House Republicans would kill that 
dream, and they have showed us that by this horrible amendment they have attached to the Department of Home-land Security appropriations. 
They think America is stronger if we 
tell Juan Rios to leave. I don’t. It is shameless to play politics with the life of this young man and hundreds of thousands of others. It is just shame-less to put homeland security funding at risk, to punish Juan Rios for having been brought to this country as a child. 
The House Republicans feel so 
strongly about deporting DREAMers they are willing to hold up the home-land security funding bill. The House Republicans are telling the Senate and the President: Deport the DREAMers or we are going to shut down the agen-cy responsible for protecting America from terrorism. 
I hope the Senate majority leader 
will reject this blackmail, and I hope that in the spirit of the Senate, where we came together on a bipartisan basis to pass immigration reform almost 2 years ago, we will reject this hate- filled message from the House Repub-licans. 
For our part, Senate Democrats will 
insist that the Department of Home-land Security be funded and that the President have the authority—which every President has had—to establish his own immigration policies. 
I see there is another colleague on 
the floor. I yield the floor. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Republicans controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the second half. 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
f 
WORKING FOR THE AMERICAN 
PEOPLE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last 
November the American people sent an unmistakable message to Washington, DC. Voters across the country said they were tired of the gridlock and they were tired of the lack of action by the Democratic-led Senate. 
Well, we are now working again for 
the American people because voters said it was time for a new majority— the Republican majority—to get the Senate working again and to get Amer-ica on a better course. Republicans heard the message. We heard it loud and clear, and we have been doing ex-actly what the American people have sent us here to do. 
Under Republican leadership the Sen-
ate is working again for the American people, and the best example of that is the bill we are considering now in the Senate on the Keystone XL Pipeline project. The Obama administration has blocked and delayed this job-creating project for 6 years. Now Republicans are moving forward. We are moving it forward as well. We have had an open debate on the bill, and we have allowed amendments to the bill. 
Imagine that. We are actually debat-
ing legislation on the floor of the Sen-ate, and Senators are actually offering amendments to that bill. 
We are all familiar with the mile-
stone the Senate reached last week. Last year, under the Democratic lead-ership, there were a total of 15 up-or- down votes on amendments—15 for the entire year under H
ARRY REID. That is 
all the Democratic leader allowed. 
But by the end of the day last Thurs-
day, we completed our 25th amendment vote. Just 22 days into the year, the Senate had already been more produc-tive on amendments than it was on 365 days under Democratic leadership. 
We didn’t stop there. Today the Sen-
ate will vote on up to 18 more amend-ments to the Keystone jobs bill and then another 12 after that. 
Several Democratic Senators com-
plained the other day about what they said was a lack of amendment votes on this bill. Well, where were they last year when the Democratic leader al-lowed only 15 votes to get an up-or- down vote on an amendment for an en-tire year? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.003 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S552 January 28, 2015 
Senator S CHATZ and Senator M AR-
KEY, two Democrats, had never had a 
vote on one of their amendments in the Senate before Republicans gave them a vote last week. Senator C
OONS will get 
his first vote on an amendment today. 
All of these amendments aren’t the 
only way again the Senate is working for the American people. Another is going to happen on Thursday. The En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee is going to hold a hearing on a bill that I introduced earlier this month. 
We have four Republican sponsors on 
that bill and four Democratic sponsors: Senators H
EINRICH , BENNET , HEITKAMP , 
and K AINE. It is the LNG Permitting 
Certainty and Transparency Act. Now Senator T
OOMEY , a Republican, was 
added as cosponsor, and Senator U
DALL , a Democrat, was added as co-
sponsor. So there are five Republican and five Democratic cosponsors. 
This is an idea that the House consid-
ered last year, and it passed with bipar-tisan support. Forty-six Democrats voted in favor of increasing America’s exports of liquefied natural gas. The House is expected to vote again and pass a bill like this one this week. This is an idea that has bipartisan support in the Senate as well. So it should be a no-brainer. Plans to send American en-ergy overseas are wrapped up in Wash-ington redtape, and Americans who are eager for the jobs on these projects continue to wait. 
This bipartisan bill will do a lot to 
fix that problem. It would set clear deadlines for Washington to make timely decisions on these import per-mits—export permits, important per-mits to export liquefied natural gas. 
Once there has been an agreement 
and an appropriate environmental re-view, the Secretary of Energy will have only 45 days to act on a permit applica-tion. Increasing American natural gas exports would do three important things. 
No. 1, it would create jobs. That is, of 
course, most important. These are American jobs, jobs for Americans. The private sector wants to create these jobs—not government jobs but private sector jobs. 
No. 2, it would help to reduce our Na-
tion’s trade deficit. The trade deficit currently stands at $39 billion. 
No. 3, these exports would support 
our American allies. Last year Russia invaded Ukraine and seized control of Crimea. Why? Largely because of the natural gas facilities there. 
There was a group of Senators who 
were actually in Ukraine. I was one of them the day the Russian helicopters landed just north of the gas plants there. This was about the gas. Well, we could help reduce the threat Russia poses to Europe by offering more op-tions for our allies to buy American natural gas. 
There is no good reason for the end-
less delays on these export permits. Our bill would speed up the process. These export projects are job creators with bipartisan support. They have been stuck in Washington’s bureaucrat 
gridlock. 
The Senate is going to be acting to 
get these projects moving. That is why the American people sent us to the Senate. It is how the Senate is sup-posed to work. Committees consider the ideas on both sides, the bills get de-bated in committee and on the floor, and every Senator has a chance to talk about it and then to offer amendments that might improve legislation. That is how it has always worked before. It is a slow process. It was meant to produce consensus. 
The majority leader, H
ARRY REID, 
changed all of that. The Democratic majority leader did everything he could to block amendments and to by-pass and to skip committees. Did he do it to make better laws? No, not at all. Did he do it to speed up action so the Senate could be more productive? Of course not. 
It was a transparent campaign tactic 
to keep vulnerable Democratic Sen-ators from having to take tough votes. Even Democrats couldn’t get votes on their amendments. Well, that gimmick by H
ARRY REID—the campaign tricks— 
failed, and the American people were not fooled. 
That is one of the reasons voters 
across the country chose Republicans to lead both Houses of Congress. The American people said they deserve bet-ter, and the American people are abso-lutely right. The American people want Democrats to start working with Re-publicans to get things done. 
That is what Senator H
EINRICH and 
I—and others who are cosponsoring this measure today—are doing with our bill. The American people want an hon-est debate on important issues such as the Keystone jobs bill, as well. The American people want their represent-atives in the Senate to be able to offer amendments to bills such as this one. 
That is how the Senate should work. 
That is how the Senate is working under Republican leadership, and that is how it is going to continue to work. 
So I am pleased to see the votes are 
going to be held on these amendments. I am pleased to stand and cast my vote on behalf of the people of Wyoming. I look forward to more votes, more de-bate, and more consideration of ideas from both sides of the aisle. 
It is interesting that President 
Obama has threatened to veto eight separate pieces of legislation so far this year. It is interesting to the point that it has a headline in today’s USA Today, page 2A: ‘‘Obama veto threats are at record high.’’ Veto threats are at a record high. 
The President has said he will veto 
another two bills that haven’t even been introduced yet. If they haven’t even been introduced, how does he know what they are going to say? How does he know what they are going to say once they go through the process of being amended, passed in the House, passed in the Senate, and get to his desk? The President should reconsider each 
and every one of these veto threats. 
The Senate is moving forward. The 
White House is putting up roadblocks. 
That is not what the American people were asking for in November. The American people want us to work to-gether to get things done, to make their lives better. It is about them. It is not about the people who sit in this body, it is about the American people— their quality of life, people living pay-check to paycheck, day to day, what their lives are about. 
The Republican Congress and this 
Senate continue to listen to the Amer-ican people. The President of the United States continues to ignore them. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FAIR TAX ACT 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, we have 
had a lot of talk—certainly in the last year or so and certainly as this new session of Congress begins—on the im-portance of tax reform. Our country is at a point in time where we certainly are no longer competitive globally. The economy now is one that works against us because of our Tax Code. I think there is general consensus in the Sen-ate that reforming the Tax Code is of 
significant importance, something that must be done. 
I am often asked not only when I am 
back in Kansas but here in Wash-ington, DC: Do you expect there to be broad-based tax reform? And we keep guessing about the likelihood of that happening. 
I think it is typical of elected offi-
cials, politicians, to always talk about the need for comprehensive tax reform. We talk about lowering rates, making the tax system more fair, less bureau-cratic, less paperwork. I certainly join in those sentiments and believe that the current circumstance we have in regard to our Tax Code is such that it limits the freedom of Americans— American business men and women, in-dividuals, and their families. We make way too many decisions based upon the consequences of those decisions and how they are affected by the Tax Code. 
So I am all on board on tax reform, 
but I wish to talk about what I believe is the best solution toward tax reform. And it is not tinkering with the cur-rent system; it is an overhaul of the current Tax Code. 
I have joined my colleague from 
Georgia, Senator P
ERDUE , in once 
again introducing the fair tax plan. I started a long time ago in Congress, knowing that we needed to make sig-nificant changes in our Tax Code, with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.004 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S553 January 28, 2015 
the belief that most Americans ought 
to be able to file a tax return without the need of professional help, that we ought to be able to make decisions that are in the best interests of ourselves, our families, and our businesses with-out always going to the Tax Code to see what the consequences of those de-cisions were. I looked at a variety of proposals that were being considered at the time and continue to be considered today and ultimately reached the con-clusion that the Fair Tax is the best option for significant reform. I wish to speak for just a minute about why I think that is the case. 
As I said, Senator P
ERDUE and I in-
troduced S. 25, the Fair Tax Act of 2015. I have been a cosponsor of that legisla-tion. It was originally introduced in the Senate by the former Senator from Georgia, Mr. Saxby Chambliss, and I am pleased to now succeed him in his efforts to see that not only is this topic discussed in Congress but ultimately that the Fair Tax Act becomes law. It is a significant step in the direction of individual freedom. 
I would highlight for my colleagues— 
and I have said this on the Senate floor before—I think the greatest responsi-bility we have as American citizens is to pass on to the next generation of Americans the freedoms and liberties guaranteed by our Constitution and the opportunity for every American to live the American dream. The Fair Tax, in my view, brings both of those goals front and center. Greater freedom and protection of individual liberties is certainly a component of the Fair Tax, and the opportunity for every Amer-ican to pursue the American dream is a result that comes from the Fair Tax. It is that Fair Tax direction and indi-vidual freedom that caught my atten-tion. It is the concept our Founding Fathers knew so well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. MORAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent for additional time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, the Fair 
Tax repeals all Federal, corporate, and individual taxes, payroll taxes, capital gains taxes, and estate and gift taxes and replaces them with a revenue-neu-tral personal consumption tax. The Fair Tax allows Americans to keep the entirety of their income, putting indi-viduals in charge of their own finances, not the government—or, more specifi-cally, not the Internal Revenue Serv-ice. 
All Americans should be able to trust 
the IRS, which exercises great author-ity over the lives of Americans in this country, but we know from past experi-ences that expectation is no longer founded. So getting rid of the Internal Revenue Service is a significant benefit that comes from the passage of the Fair Tax. 
I recognize that consumption taxes 
can be regressive, meaning they are harmful to those at lower income lev-
els. So the Fair Tax takes that into ac-count by providing a pre-rebate for those who fall below certain poverty income levels so that the basics—the things we by necessity need to by in our individual daily lives—are not cov-ered by a tax, therefore creating great-er progressivity to what otherwise would be a more regressive tax and something that I think is still impor-tant in this country to make certain we don’t overtax those at the lowest income levels in the United States. 
Certainly, our current Tax Code has 
significant complexities with all the paperwork. By some estimates, U.S. companies are currently holding over $20 trillion overseas. With the passage of the Fair Tax, foreign investments would no longer continue to sit on the sidelines when they could be brought back to America to drive economic growth and create jobs. For inter-national businesses looking to relocate to the United States, the Fair Tax would be a welcomed sign. But the Fair Tax also benefits the consumer. It also benefits the everyday citizen, as I said, because of the pre-rebate. 
With my time being short, I look for-
ward to having a dialogue on the Sen-ate floor and in the committees over the next few months, and I ask my col-leagues to seriously take a look at S. 25 and to join the Senator from Geor-gia, Mr. P
ERDUE , and me and others in 
promotion of a program that reduces the complexity of the Tax Code in our lives, rids us of the Internal Revenue Service, protects the progressivity of the tax circumstance we find today, and most importantly, allows us to continue to pursue the American dream and promotes our individual freedoms and liberties. 
The Fair Tax is worthy of people’s 
consideration. It ought to be more than just a talking point. It deserves a de-bate, a discussion, a vote, and consider-ation by the Senate. 
Mr. President, I yield back the re-
mainder of my time, and I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am very pleased to be here today to speak to my colleagues about funding for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and to be followed by one of my most valued colleagues, Senator M
ENENDEZ , whose leadership on this 
issue has been extraordinarily impor-tant. I am also pleased to work with him on a letter he sent yesterday to the President concerning Iran sanc-tions, where his statesmanship-like 
path to a reasonable solution on this very complex and crucial issue will be enormously important to the future. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity is one of the most significant de-partments in the U.S. Government. It has a mandate that is as complex and crucial as any in keeping American citizens and communities and capabili-
ties safe and secure in a dangerous, complex, and threatening world. 
In my family, when I was growing up, 
we had a saying: Don’t cut off your nose to spite your face. Unfortunately, that path is exactly what some of my colleagues are choosing to follow in threatening to stop funding for the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
We are reminded of the importance of 
this Department not only as terrorism raises its ugly head repeatedly abroad but also as perhaps more benign threats exist at home—the most recent of them, the snowstorm that hit the Northeast within the past couple of days. The Department of Homeland Se-
curity is not only engaged in a fight against terrorism, not only engaged in keeping America safe from threats abroad but is engaged in a wide variety of other tasks that have to do with the Nation’s security. That is the key word in its title—‘‘security.’’ 
Americans fear more deeply than 
ever before that their security is threatened—economic security by stag-nating incomes, foreign security as the world becomes more volatile and un-predictable and more threatening, and domestic security as threats abroad metastasize within our own borders. 
Many people equate the concept of 
security at home or homeland security with protection against extreme vio-lence from abroad, violent extremism spawning from abroad and in fact stop-ping those threats. Finding the wrong-doers and stopping them is one of the major tasks the Department of Home-land Security has, but it has a myriad of additional responsibilities that in-clude aiding the victims of natural dis-asters and extreme weather, citizen-ship and immigration, routinely han-dling matters that involve legitimate applications for visas for entry into the United States, and it fights the scourge of human trafficking. I am privileged to have a Caucus on Human Traf-ficking with my colleague Senator R
OB 
PORTMAN . So I know it forms a diverse 
collection of responsibilities that are crucial to security. 
In fact, the Department of Homeland 
Security’s responsibilities are com-prehensive—so much so that it is sim-ply unacceptable to play politics with its crucial mission. It is irresponsible to hold its funding hostage in a dan-gerous game of fiscal chicken and threaten daily activities that are vital to America’s present and future secu-rity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.006 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S554 January 28, 2015 
That is why we are here, because 
some of my friends across the aisle be-lieve stopping the President from exer-cising discretion on certain immigra-tion issues affecting specific individ-uals in this country is worth hamstringing and undercutting the en-tire Department of Homeland Security and forcing an enormous amount of its 
vital work to grind to a halt. That is the game of chicken we have. The President is expected to relent if the Department of Homeland Security is stopped from functioning, but it is a game that has no place in this Cham-ber or in this government. 
We can agree or disagree with the 
President, and I disagree with the De-partment of Homeland Security on cer-tain of its policies; for example, on de-taining children which it has done rou-tinely on a grandiose scale. I have in-cluded an amendment in the measure for immigration reform that passed the Senate. It would stop it from detaining children—a practice I consider shame-ful and unacceptable—and I have a long list of other changes I would like to see made in DHS policies. But the way to effectuate those changes in my view is not to withhold funding to stop DHS in its tracks of providing security for the American people, it is to amend the laws to persuade our colleagues to un-dertake the legislative process and to appeal ultimately to the court of pub-lic opinion which can render a verdict far more powerful than the tactics in-volved here. Chipping away at the President’s authority by not only un-dercutting him but stopping one of his departments is reprehensible. So I urge my colleagues to cease this tactic. 
The President needs discretion. In 
fact, I know as a prosecutor, as a former attorney general, and as a one- time U.S. attorney for Connecticut that discretion is essential. There is no way any authority can prosecute every crime. So prosecutors need to select cases based on severity of offense and most important the danger to the pub-lic because ultimately protecting the public is what security requires. That is true as well for the Department of Homeland Security. 
The President has exercised his dis-
cretion in a way I find laudable. The exigencies of the present immigration system require the exercise of discre-tion. The President has done it in a way that is responsible and upholds his duties as Commander in Chief. But even if I disagree with the President on that exercise of discretion with respect to immigration, I would never use this tactic of withholding funding for an en-tire department, affecting all of its ac-tivities and implicating and undercut-ting security in so dangerous a way. 
My hope is we will debate immigra-
tion policy, that we will approve an im-migration reform bill, that it will be on a bipartisan basis just as it was during the last session, that there will be a lot of good-faith disagreement on the floor of this Chamber about those policies and about the President’s actions but that we will keep the lights on at the 
Department of Homeland Security, that we will shine the light on threats to our security that need to be exposed and pursued, that we will further the security of this Nation and protect the public by making sure the DHS funding as a clean bill is approved right away and that we move forward to make sure DHS continues its vital service to the American people. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor and 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, as 
we approach the near end—I think—of the votes and legislation on the Key-stone Pipeline—I know we are having a series of votes later today—I know what is likely to be next up is the ques-tion of Department of Homeland Secu-rity funding. I hope we can come col-lectively together to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, the De-partment that keeps us safe in an un-safe world, the Department we created after September 11 to bring together disparate government agencies, all charged with keeping our cities, our ports, our airports, our railways, high-ways, bridges, and neighborhoods safe from the threat of global terrorism. I particularly understand that as a Mem-ber of this body who represents, ac-cording to the FBI, the most dangerous 2 miles in America, the chemical coastway, airports, seaports along the Hudson waterfront. This is the Depart-ment that funds emergency manage-ment in our communities. It protects the President. It is engaged in all do-mestic counterterrorism efforts. 
But what are we doing instead? We 
are being asked, as one of the new Re-publican majority’s first acts of this Congress, to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Why? Because some of our friends on the other side are willing to take a gamble and put politics ahead of national security, a thinly veiled political stunt in response to the lawful actions of the President of the United States to do something to fix our broken immigration system. Their message is pretty simple: repeal the President’s lawful Executive ac-tions on immigration or shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Make no mistake, that is the textbook definition of pure politics: not caring what its impact might be, not caring whom it might hurt, not caring about the families whom it will tear apart, and the fact that it will put our Na-tion’s security at risk. 
I have been in this Chamber and in 
the other Chamber for over 20 years, and I don’t think I have ever seen such a cavalier political recklessness played with our national security. Why? To prevent the President from taking law-
ful action to help DREAMers and im-migrant families to come out of the shadows after they pass a criminal background check, register with the government, and get right with the law in exchange for being allowed to tem-porarily stay in the country and obtain a work permit. 
The bottom line is clear: Republicans 
are doing all of this just to prevent a clean Department of Homeland Secu-rity funding bill from being sent to the President, a critical funding bill that the President has rightfully promised to veto should it include their anti-im-migration amendments, a veto which Congress will not override. It is a fool’s political errand that is neither good policy nor particularly humane. 
Our friends on the other side have ac-
cepted these anti-immigrant poison pill amendments, knowing full well they will sink the Department of Homeland Security funding bill be-cause they have allowed extremists, such as S
TEVE KING, to dictate the par-
ty’s strategy on immigration. 
Let’s not continuously go down this 
dark path of partisanship instead of funding national security programs to keep our families and our communities safe. In my view it is shamefully and woefully irresponsible for Republicans to hold up funding for operations that protect every American against ter-rorism in the wake of what happened in France and against cyber attacks at a time when North Korea just carried out a dramatic attack against a major American corporation. 
This is not a time to hold up funding 
to help the Department of Homeland Security investigate cyber crime that could cripple America’s electronic in-frastructure or when the world is a tin-derbox of jihadists and would-be home-grown terrorists willing to die for a perceived version of Islam. 
If Republican colleagues want to seri-
ously consider this ill-conceived ap-proach, they will be forcing a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity—a shutdown of our national secu-rity infrastructure to pursue their agenda of mass deportations that will tear families apart, an agenda that em-braces a system that doesn’t distin-guish between deporting a working mother with U.S. citizen children and a convicted felon. 
Instead, I urge my friends on the 
other side to join us and pass a bal-anced and comprehensive bill. Let’s talk. Let’s sit down again and find common ground, as we did in the last Congress where this Senate came to-gether on a bipartisan basis with over 67 votes to send a bill to the House of Representatives that dealt with our broken immigration system, provided for our national security, promoted our national economy, and at the same time made sure our legacy and history as a nation of immigrants was pre-served. The answer is not holding up national security funding at a critical time, not turning our backs on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.008 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S555 January 28, 2015 
hard-working men and women at the 
Department of Homeland Security in law enforcement who are protecting our borders, our airports, and our coastlines. It is not about trying to score political points by conflating na-tional security and immigration re-form, which will only make it harder to address security issues at home and almost impossible to move forward on comprehensive immigration reform. 
Let’s look at what my Republican 
colleagues are so opposed to. They are opposed to new DHS directives that in-clude a rigorous application process that will ironically help eliminate na-tional security threats. They seem to be opposed to the fact that applicants will have to come forward and register with the government. They will have to pass criminal background checks be-fore they can receive a temporary re-prieve from deportation and a work permit. No violent criminals, gang members, or terrorists will be able to take advantage of the program. They seem to be opposed to allowing immi-grants who are not a public safety or national security threat to come for-ward and request deferred action, meaning there will be fewer people liv-ing in the shadows, beyond the reach of law enforcement. 
These directives identify moms and 
dads who have a U.S. citizen or a legal permanent resident son or daughter and take them out of the deportation queue. They also take DREAMers out of the deportation queue. 
The House amendment to the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security funding bill would effectively end the new De-ferred Action for Parental Account-ability Program and the expanded DACA Program for DREAMers. They would also defund every other aspect of the President’s November 20 Executive action that would promote border secu-rity, public safety, military service, legal immigration, citizenship, immi-gration integration, entrepreneurship, civil immigration enforcement prior-ities, including the prioritization of in-dividuals with convicted felonies and gang activity and terrorist ties for de-portation. 
I will repeat that. It includes a 
prioritization. I would think the Sen-ate would want to support a prioritization of individuals who are here illegally and are convicted felons and part of gang activities or who have terrorist ties for deportation and any future similar Executive actions. 
The only directive our Republican 
colleagues found acceptable, which is interesting—in my mind, you say: Well, none of it can happen by Execu-tive action. But it seems that the only thing that did happen by Executive ac-tion that our colleagues found accept-able pertains to pay increases for Im-migration and Customs Enforcement officers, which I believe they certainly deserve. 
These amendments would break 
apart more families and destroy com-munities by ensuring that we continue to deport the parents of U.S. citizen 
and lawful permanent resident chil-dren. One of the most mean-spirited amendments would prohibit the use of Federal funds or resources to consider or adjudicate any new, renewed, or pre-viously denied application for deferred action for childhood arrivals. 
Let’s call this amendment what it is: 
It is an amendment to deport DREAM-ers and targets all of those young peo-ple who came forward and signed up in good faith. I will give an example of whom these amendments attack. 
I wish to remind my colleagues of 
who the DREAMers are. DREAMers are young people who came to this country through no choice of their own. The only flag they have ever pledged alle-giance to is that of the United States of America. The only national anthem they know is the ‘‘Star-Spangled Ban-ner.’’ Their country is this country. 
I was fortunate to speak with people 
like the Morales-Cano family 2 weeks ago in New Jersey. They are a family of six, including 13-year-old, U.S.-born Rebecca Morales. Their lives have dras-tically improved thanks to the pro-gram Republicans are hoping to dis-mantle. If the Republicans are success-ful, Rebecca would be left alone in the United States without her parents or sisters—an American citizen left alone, perhaps in foster care, because Repub-licans don’t care about prioritizing the deportation of convicted criminals over her mom, dad, and sisters. 
The story of the Morales-Cano family 
is a clear example of thousands of deep- rooted families who have waited too long in the shadows for immigration reform. 
Three years ago, after attending a de-
ferred action for childhood arrivals workshop that my office organized in New Jersey, all three of Rebecca’s older sisters—Ingrid, Evelyn, and Lesly—were given an opportunity to begin a new chapter of their lives after qualifying for the President’s 2012 De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, joining thousands of others who had been granted relief. 
Today, look at what this family is 
doing Ingrid cares for New Jerseyans’ health at her job at the Ocean Medical Center. Evelyn moved to Illinois to at-tend the West Coast Bible College and Seminary. Lesly was able to enroll in Brookdale Community College to pur-sue her dream of becoming a nurse. In-grid, Evelyn, and Lesly represent the hundreds of thousands of young indi-viduals who, because of the deferred ac-tion for childhood arrivals, can ac-tively contribute to our economy with-out fear of losing everything they have worked to gain. 
Romeo Morales and Mrs. Magda Cano 
de Morales did not qualify for deporta-tion deferrals under DACA and have continued to live with the constant fear of having their family abruptly separated. But thanks to the deferred action for parents program, recently announced by President Obama, both parents will likely qualify to come out of the shadows, register with the gov-
ernment, pass a background check, and join their daughters in their pursuit of the American dream—unless, of course, the Republicans get their way. 
We cannot let that happen, and I will 
do everything to ensure that we will not let that happen. These are the real faces of our broken immigration sys-tem. There are many families like the Morales-Cano family who have been and remain an economic resource we cannot afford to waste. They are hard- working families who simply want to be full participants in American life, full contributors to the American fam-ily, and they want to remain united as a family. We should want them to re-main united. 
I have listened to so many speeches 
here about family values. Well, the core of a family value is a family being able to stay together, integrated and helping each other and driving each other to success and supporting each other. Ripping families apart is not a family value. 
We must see through the smoke and 
mirrors and do what is right for Amer-ica. Let’s stop playing political games. Let’s defeat these poison-pill amend-ments and pass a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. Let’s not play politics with national secu-rity. Let’s remember the people behind the policies. Let’s remember the Mo-rales-Cano family and the fate of Re-becca if we allow these amendments to pass. 
With that, I yield the floor and sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous 
consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
Pending: 
Murkowski amendment No. 2, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Vitter/Cassidy modified amendment No. 80 
(to amendment No. 2), to provide for the dis-tribution of revenues from certain areas of the outer Continental Shelf. 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) amendment No. 
67 (to amendment No. 2), to restrict the au-thority of the Environmental Protection Agency to arm agency personnel. 
Cardin amendment No. 75 (to amendment 
No. 2), to provide communities that rely on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.010 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S556 January 28, 2015 
drinking water from a source that may be af-
fected by a tar sands spill from the Keystone XL pipeline an analysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of the pipeline. 
Murkowski amendment No. 98 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to express the sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities. 
Flake amendment No. 103 (to amendment 
No. 2), to require the evaluation and consoli-dation of duplicative green building pro-grams. 
Cruz amendment No. 15 (to amendment No. 
2), to promote economic growth and job cre-ation by increasing exports. 
Moran/Cruz amendment No. 73 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to delist the lesser prairie- chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
Daines amendment No. 132 (to amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress re-garding the designation of National Monu-ments. 
Boxer amendment No. 130 (to amendment 
No. 2), to preserve existing permits and the authority of the agencies issuing the permits to modify the permits if necessary. 
Peters/Stabenow amendment No. 70 (to 
amendment No. 2), to require that the Ad-ministrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration make a cer-tification and submit to Congress the results of a study before the pipeline may be con-structed, connected, operated, or main-tained. 
Collins/Warner amendment No. 35 (to 
amendment No. 2), to coordinate the provi-sion of energy retrofitting assistance to schools. 
Murkowski amendment No. 166 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to release certain wilderness study areas from management for preserva-tion as wilderness. 
Sanders amendment No. 23 (to amendment 
No. 2), to increase the quantity of solar pho-tovoltaic electricity by providing rebates for the purchase and installation of an addi-tional 10,000,000 photovoltaic systems by 2025. 
Merkley amendment No. 174 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that the United States should prioritize and fund adaptation projects in communities in the United States while also helping to fund climate change adaptation in developing countries. 
Merkley amendment No. 125 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to eliminate unnecessary tax subsidies and provide infrastructure funding. 
Cantwell/Boxer amendment No. 131 (to 
amendment No. 2), to ensure that if the Key-stone XL Pipeline is built, it will be built safely and in compliance with United States environmental laws. 
Tillis/Burr amendment No. 102 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to provide for leasing on the outer Continental Shelf and the distribution of certain qualified revenues from such leas-ing. 
Markey amendment No. 178 (to amendment 
No. 2), to ensure that products derived from tar sands are treated as crude oil for pur-poses of the Federal excise tax on petroleum. 
Markey amendment No. 141 (to amendment 
No. 2), to delay the effective date until the President determines that the pipeline will not have certain negative impacts. 
Whitehouse amendment No. 148 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to require campaign finance dis-closures for certain persons benefitting from tar sands development. 
Booker amendment No. 155 (to amendment 
No. 2), to allow permitting agencies to con-sider new circumstances and new informa-tion. 
Burr modified amendment No. 92 (to 
amendment No. 2), to permanently reauthor-ize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Coons amendment No. 115 (to amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress re-garding climate change and infrastructure. 
Carper amendment No. 120 (to amendment 
No. 2), to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the credits for new qualified fuel cell motor vehicles and alternative fuel vehicle refueling property. 
Heitkamp amendment No. 133 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 should be amended to extend the credit with respect to facilities producing energy from certain renewable resources. 
Cardin amendment No. 124 (to amendment 
No. 2), to clarify that treaties with Indian tribes remain in effect. 
Cantwell (for Gillibrand) amendment No. 
48 (to amendment No. 2), to modify the defi-nition of underground injection. 
Cantwell (for Peters/Stabenow) amend-
ment No. 55 (to amendment No. 2), to require a study of the potential environmental im-pact of by-products of the Keystone XL pipe-line. 
Murkowski (for Barrasso) amendment No. 
245 (to amendment No. 2), to clarify that treaties with Indian tribes remain in effect. 
Daines amendment No. 246 (to amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that reauthorizing the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund should be a priority. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
am ready to go this morning. I have comfortable shoes on. I am ready for a good, long day and to process a bunch of amendments. I see the Senate doing its work. I know we have important business before the Senate. I know the Judiciary Committee is holding the hearing to listen to the comments from Loretta Lynch, who has been nomi-nated to be Attorney General. 
Obviously these are very important 
issues the committee is discussing today. Interspersed with all of that, we are going to be having a relatively long series of votes this afternoon, which makes it a little bit choppy and a little bit chaotic, but we have business to do in the Senate. 
I am pleased we are at this point 
where I think we can honestly say we are looking at the final stretch in this discussion on the bipartisan, 60-spon-sored bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline after more than 2,320 days of delay. 
At this point we are past that last 
call for amendments on the bill. We have spent a lot of time over the past couple of days negotiating which of the roughly 200 first-degree amendments that have been filed would come up for votes. We have a pretty good list. Again, we have 18 of them that will be before us beginning this afternoon. There will be more we will be dealing with at a later point. 
But I do think this is significant. I 
was reading the newspaper this morn-ing, and there is no shortage of critics out there, folks who would say the Sen-ate is broken and can’t possibly be fixed. 
There was an article from an opinion 
writer which stated: Within the midst of the Keystone debate, M
CCONNELL  
has had to retreat ‘‘on his promise to allow freewheeling amendments.’’ The article then goes on to state that 
yesterday not much of anything hap-pened on the Senate floor where the pipeline debate had stalled. 
In fairness, maybe the debate, in 
terms of processing amendments on the floor, had stalled out yesterday, but that did not mean there were not sig-nificant and serious negotiations going on between the majority and the mi-nority about how we would proceed. Sometimes when someone tunes in and the Senate is in a quorum call, they think nothing is happening. They think the business of the Senate is not being conducted. I need to assure not only colleagues but those who watch this process on C–SPAN that in fact there is still good business being done. 
I think that is what has resulted in 
our opportunity this afternoon to take up some 18 different amendments. There are amendments that are all across the board; 10 of the 18 pending amendments are from colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I think we are certainly being very generous in terms of what is out there. We are try-ing to ensure that Members who want a vote can have them. 
Again, keep in mind, with a couple 
hundred amendments that come for-ward, we are going to have a lot of du-plication. We are going to have issues people may want to make a statement about but might not necessarily want to ask for a vote on. But those that we have in front of us today—everything from issues relating to solar energy to LNG exports, to further discussion about climate change, wilderness, wind tax credits, the Land and Water Con-servation Fund—are truly all over the map. 
When it is suggested that somehow 
or other Senator M
CCONNELL as the 
majority leader is moving back from his commitment to allow for an open amendment process, so-called free-wheeling amendments, I don’t think a whole picture of what is happening on the Senate floor is being painted. In fact it is a very open and considerable process. 
I made mention last week that we 
broke the records. We blew the top off in terms of the number of amendments we were actually able to process on the Senate floor. We moved through 24 amendments on this bill since the time we started it. Twenty-four amend-ments is pretty considerable, consid-ering that in all of 2014 there were just 15 amendments that were considered the entire year. In fact, on Thursday alone we processed 15. If we do 18, as is on the roster today, that is pretty sig-nificant. I feel good about the point we are at. It is not just because we are churning through amendments, it is because of what the ranking member and I have been able to do as the floor managers on this bill, kind of working back and forth. Yes, sometimes it is te-dious. Yes, sometimes it is frustrating. Yes, sometimes Members wish they had more time to talk or there were more hours in our day to process all of this, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.013 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S557 January 28, 2015 
but at some point in time I think we 
have to recognize when we spend 3 weeks on a bill, that is pretty consider-able. When we are able to move 50 amendments—close to 50 amendments is where we may be at the end of this legislation and processing—that is of note. 
What I appreciate is we are here this 
morning getting ready to kick off a long afternoon of votes and go back and forth with Members and disruption of their schedules and committee meet-ings and the inconvenience that causes. But again this is part of what happens around here. It is not a very tightly scheduled environment because we just have so much that is going on. But 
being able to move forward on this im-portant legislation is good and nec-essary. 
I think we are setting the stage for 
the balance of this Congress—under the leadership of the Senator from Ken-tucky, the majority leader, a commit-ment to have wholesome debate—to have the opportunity for a process that is not only good for Republicans, it is good for Democrats. It is good for the Senate and for the United States. 
AMENDMENT NO . 166 
I want to quickly mention an amend-
ment I will have up later this after-noon. This is amendment No. 166. I spoke very briefly to it yesterday when I called it up. But it would require wil-derness study areas to be released if Congress has not officially designated them as wilderness within one calendar year. Right now what happens is that when a wilderness study area is des-ignated, it can sit out there on the books almost indefinitely. There have been areas that have been sitting out there without congressional action for a couple of decades. 
I don’t think this was the point of 
the process. But I would suggest the amendment I have advanced is a crit-ical one to our Western States, cer-tainly to my State of Alaska. 
Again, the news on Sunday of the 
President moving toward a wilderness designation of all of ANWR—with the exception of a very small slice but all of ANWR—all 19 million acres in addi-tion to the 1002 area, the 1.57 million acres that have been specifically des-ignated by Congress for further review and study. 
Right now there are 528 wilderness 
study areas throughout Alaska and the other 11 Western States. Again, these designations have been made by over time by one administration or another. The next step forward in this process is that Congress needs to act, but Con-gress hasn’t acted. We have had some of these that have been pending since the 1980s. 
Again, as I suggested yesterday, if we 
have had something pending for 20, 30 years, I think that is plenty of time to say that Congress has had to review those areas. Even though we have not turned these into wilderness—in other words, even though Congress has not acted to designate these areas as wil-derness, what happens to them? They are treated and managed as if 
they are wilderness. Effectively, we have de facto wilderness. The law re-quires that only Congress determines whether an area is designated as wil-derness. But what has happened is just kind of a lag, a lull, if you will, so they don’t even need the congressional des-ignation if in fact it is already being managed as wilderness. 
We look at the intent behind this. It 
is clear it was never intended to be this way. We were never supposed to have millions of acres of de facto Agency-de-cided wilderness around the Western United States. We routinely pass public lands legislation into law. I would like to know we could do it a little more often. As recently as last month, it ac-tually has included new wilderness. So we are not saying that in other areas these wilderness study areas don’t get officially designated. There is that process, and we demonstrated that just during the lameduck here. But in the instances where Congress has decided not to act on wilderness study areas, agencies need to start looking at what that broader array of options is for managing the land, whatever that mul-tiple use designation might be. They need to be looking at this critically with the local people in the area and with the other stakeholders who are in-volved in the planning process, but clearly they are not doing that on their own. 
So what my amendment would do is 
essentially provide a 1-year timeframe for wilderness designations to be made. I think, again, that is more than enough time for Congress to consider debate and approve legislation for any area with wide support for a wilderness designation, so we will see that amend-ment this afternoon. 
I know the Senator from Washington 
was on her way, coming from a com-mittee meeting this morning, and had intended to speak. I see Senator U
DALL  
is also on the floor. 
I yield to the Senator from New Mex-
ico if he wishes to speak at this time before Senator C
ANTWELL comes to the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss my amendment that was made pending by my friend and the ranking member of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, the Senator from Washington, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL . 
The amendment I have offered, 
amendment No. 55, is a simple, com-monsense amendment. It requires the Environmental Protection Agency to complete a study on the potential envi-ronmental and health impact of by-
products from tar sands oil that would be transported across our country by the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
One of these byproducts of tar sands 
oil is a black, powdery substance known as petroleum coke or petcoke. It is a residual from this tar sands oil and large amounts of it are produced in the refining process. 
In fact, it is estimated basically for 
every barrel of oil we get from tar sands, one-third of the material is this dark substance called petcoke. If we are transporting an awful lot of oil through the Keystone Pipeline, it natu-rally follows that we are going to get massive amounts of this petcoke. 
I have had an experience with this 
petcoke in my previous House district in the city of Detroit, where we had petcoke from the refining process of this tar sands oil being piled up along the Detroit River. We had a pile there that was at some times several stories high, a city block long. It was stored along the river in an uncontained fash-ion. It was blowing into people’s homes, it was blowing into businesses, and it was also draining into the Great Lakes watershed. 
It caused all sorts of problems. I had 
complaints from constituents who talked about this substance going into their homes. I had businesses talking about—for example, restaurants in the area—their wait staff getting res-piratory problems as a result of breath-ing this in. 
In fact, we had a video to explain how 
problematic it can be. I had a video taken by a Canadian resident across the Detroit River that showed the petcoke piles. With some wind blowing, a massive black dust cloud was blowing off of these petcoke piles. In the dis-tance you could see the Ambassador Bridge, which is the bridge that con-nects Canada to the United States. The dust was so thick and so black it ob-scured the bridge as it was blowing into the neighborhoods, into the river, and then into Canada. 
It is a completely unacceptable situ-
ation, which is why I believe it is im-portant as we move forward with this legislation that we have a couple of studies. 
One, we need to understand what are 
those environmental and health risks associated with petcoke. It is clear this is particulate matter, and if it is not contained, it gets into people’s lungs and creates a dust layer throughout communities. 
It is very important as well in the 
study not only to study the environ-mental and health impacts, but what are the best practices to handle this material. 
With the massive amount of tar 
sands oil that will come through the Keystone, we will also get massive amounts of petcoke, a substance that has been problematic not only in De-troit, but it has been problematic in the city of Chicago and other places across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.014 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S558 January 28, 2015 
So I believe it is very important that 
we get these kinds of information as this project moves forward, and it is certainly my hope that we can assure that what happened in Detroit, what is happening in Chicago and other places across this country doesn’t happen, that we understand what this sub-stance is, and we understand what those best practices are to handle and to transport this material safely. 
I urge my colleagues to support 
amendment No. 55. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 166 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
am glad the junior Senator from Alas-ka is in the Chair because I am going to be discussing things that are of great concern to Alaskans and really to those who care about the rule of law here and how it applies throughout all 50 States fairly and evenly. As I men-tioned just a bit ago, I have offered an amendment that would deal with how wilderness study areas are treated. My proposal is one that would put a time limitation on these study areas. 
I mentioned the amendment was pre-
cipitated by the President’s announce-ment this weekend about additional areas of wilderness to be designated in Alaska. I have cited two. The 1980 lands bill, ANILCA—I think it is good for us to have a little bit of a refresher on what ANILCA actually did. In one fell swoop ANILCA designated nearly 60 million acres of wilderness in the State of Alaska. That is pretty substantial. It was more than any other President had ever designated at any other time prior to that. 
What we have seen since then, with 
the designation of wilderness, is there has been this fight going back and forth. There have been areas that have been requested for wilderness study areas. But this administration has really taken it a major step forward. On Sunday the President recommended that an additional 12.3 million acres within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge be designated as wilderness—so an additional 12.3 million acres on top of the 60 million acres that we already have as wilderness in Alaska after ANILCA. 
This action by the President means 
that these 12.3 million acres will imme-diately be managed as wilderness. As I have mentioned, right now there is no deadline or expiration for this designa-tion. Even if Congress fails to act—and I am going to make darn certain we do not act on this wilderness proposal the President has advanced—these acres are being managed as wilderness. 
Let me just show colleagues what it 
means for us right now. The small map of Alaska is up there in the corner. It 
is kind of unfair because it needs to be a much bigger map to get the context. Effectively, what the President is pro-posing is that in addition to the 7.16 million acres of wilderness that cur-rently exist in the ANWR area—and the ANWR area is a big refuge, a big designation. A little over 7 million acres have already been designated as wilderness. That was done back in 1980. But what he is proposing now is effec-tively taking the whole balance of the refuge area and making wilderness out of that as well—so 12.3 million acres. 
Now, keep in mind this also includes 
the 1002 area up on the northern part of ANWR. That is the area right, which was specifically designated by Congress for further study of its oil and gas po-tential. Back in 1980, when the wilder-ness designation was made for the one area—7 million acres of it—it was de-termined that refuge status would be afforded the balance of the area, and then the 1002 would be reserved—re-served deliberately for study of its oil and gas potential. 
That 1980 act was pretty clear in 
terms of the bargain that had taken place. I am going to read for the record the provision in the law that we refer to as the ‘‘no more’’ clause. It states: 
This Act provides sufficient protection for 
the national interest in the scenic, natural, cultural and environmental values on the public lands in Alaska, and at the same time provides adequate opportunity for satisfac-
tion of the economic and social needs of the State of Alaska and its people; accordingly, the designation and disposition of the public lands in Alaska pursuant to this Act are found to represent a proper balance between the reservation of national conservation sys-tem units and those public lands necessary and appropriate for more intensive use and disposition, and thus Congress believes that the need for future legislation designating new conservation system units, new national conservation areas, or new national recre-ation areas, has been obviated thereby. 
The act goes on to state that ‘‘no fur-
ther studies of Federal lands in the State of Alaska for the single purpose of considering the establishment of a conservation system unit, national recreation area, national conservation area, or for related or similar purposes shall be conducted unless authorized by the Congress.’’ 
So the President is basically choos-
ing to ignore the law as set out in ANILCA—the agreement that Alaska has contributed mightily with its share of wilderness. 
I remind my colleagues that more 
than one-half of the wilderness in the entire United States of America is in the State of Alaska. Thus we wrote the law back in 1980 that says no more out of Alaska. They found that balance. Well, this President is tipping that bal-ance. 
The coastal plain holds an estimated 
10.4 billion barrels of oil. I mentioned yesterday that if we can tap into these resources, we could see 1 million bar-rels a day coming down our Trans- Alaska Pipeline for nearly 30 years. 
Think about what that would mean, 
Mr. President—1 million barrels a day filling up that Trans-Alaska Pipeline 
that is now less than half full, an addi-tional 1 million barrels a day coming into this country. Right now, Ameri-cans are enjoying the lower prices of oil. But the President said: Don’t get used to these low prices because they may go up. Well, they do not have to go up if we can provide more. If we can increase production in this country, we can theoretically decrease that cost. But we have to be allowed to access that. 
Think about the source of good-pay-
ing jobs, energy security, billions of dollars in new Federal revenues. The energy security part of it is keenly im-portant, but let us also think about the positive national security implications of energy produced in the United States. When we are producing more energy in this country and relying less on others, we are less vulnerable. We have greater ability to deal with hos-tile nations. Sanctions work better when we don’t need to rely on that same oil that some of these nations would like to free up for other coun-tries. 
From a national security perspective, 
this is huge. This is where the intersec-tion with the Keystone Pipeline is so interesting: that at the same time this administration has issued this wilder-ness study it is also fighting so hard to keep us from building the Keystone XL Pipeline, which would allow us to get crude from our friend and neighbor to the north and utilize it to our benefit. The President is saying: No, I don’t want to do that. 
I guess he would much rather receive 
it from Venezuela or wherever. He says he wants Brazil to be our big trading partner when it comes to oil. 
Hello. Canada—they share a border. 
They are our friend. They are our clos-est friend, our strongest trading part-ner. Are we going to shut down such an opportunity as that? 
And: Oh, by the way, that same week 
let’s just go ahead and take off the table permanently one of the greatest reservoirs of crude we have here in the United States next. Let’s just take that off the table, too. 
What does that say? What does that 
say to other countries? That we don’t care about our own energy security? I care about our energy security, and I care about our national security. 
Again, it stuns me to think that 
what the President is proposing here is a measure that would take off limits permanently our ability as a nation to access the 1002 area to safely develop this enormous potential. 
Keep in mind, we are not talking 
about accessing the full 1.5 million acres in the 1002. The legislation that has been before this Senate, back in 1995 and 2005, asked to open up 2,000 acres—2,000 acres—out of 19.5 million acres in the whole refuge. 
The Presiding Officer knows Alas-
kans can do this safely. We have set and met the highest environmental standards in the world. We do it every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.015 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S559 January 28, 2015 
day. Our pipeline, our amazing 800-mile 
pipeline, has a decades-long record of responsible production. It has carried nearly 17 billion barrels of oil safely across our State, over 2 mountain ranges, multiple rivers, in areas where we are known to have a few earth-quakes. It is an engineering marvel. It has served our State and our country well. 
But instead of recognizing this un-
paralleled opportunity that we have, we are now facing a mounting lockdown of our resource potential. And the Presiding Officer knows the worst part is, it is not just ANWR we are talking about. Our offshore oil re-serves are now also going to be re-stricted. 
Just yesterday the President an-
nounced he was indefinitely with-drawing 9.8 million acres in the Beau-fort and the Chukchi Seas from leas-ing. So now ANWR is going to be locked up, as well as the Beaufort and Chukchi seas. I don’t have a map of these areas that have been taken off limits, but I can tell you that it is an area of roughly 9.8 million acres. There is some real question that I have in my mind. After reading the Interior’s press release, I don’t have any real comfort that the two sales that are being pro-posed—one in the Beaufort and one in the Chukchi—will actually stay on schedule. 
The Secretary of the Interior is 
quoted saying that: Interior will con-tinue to consider oil and gas explo-ration in the Arctic. It is not a very firm commitment, as far as I can see. 
But when we look at it altogether— 
between the ANWR wilderness designa-tion and the Arctic offshore with-drawal—Alaska has lost more than 22 million acres of land and water where energy could be produced for the good of this country, and it has happened in less than 1 week. It has happened over a span of 3 days—22 million acres. 
So what is 22 million acres? It is an 
area about 563 times larger than where we are here in the District of Colum-bia. It is about 28 Rhode Islands. I know Rhode Island is a small State by comparison, but 28 of them adds up. It is about 4.5 times the size of the State of Massachusetts. Again, this is just to give you an idea of what was taken off limits, indefinitely, by this administra-tion since Sunday. 
My reaction to all this has been pret-
ty strong. I think it is pretty obvious to anybody who would take a moment to think about it, but I am amazed our President can look at Alaska and think, this is what we need most right now. 
We are facing a pretty significant 
budget shortfall. I know our Governor has spoken to the President and the Secretary of Interior about Alaska’s situation. Then this is what he gets as a ‘‘we will work with you’’? I don’t think so. This is not an indication of a Federal Government that wants to work with the State to develop its re-sources. The Governor asked the Secretary of 
the Interior for an address, because he said he needed to send an invoice for the lack of any economy Alaska would be able to generate with these actions. 
The one thing—the one thing more 
than anything else that could help our State—is to be able to access our Fed-eral lands and our waters so that we can fill up the Trans-Alaska Pipeline, so that we can not only help Alaska but we can help the rest of the country. But that seems to be the one thing this President is intent on denying, wheth-er it is in ANWR, whether it is in our offshore, or whether it is in our Na-tional Petroleum Reserve, where this President basically unilaterally took off about half of that in terms of avail-ability of access. 
I noted that when the President 
made his announcement on Sunday, the video that went out showed beau-tiful pictures of the refuge area. Again, this is a big area. This whole refuge is about the size of the State of South Carolina. It is big and there are some amazing spaces—I am the first one to admit it, amazing spaces—just as there are all over Alaska. 
But I watched that video as he was 
flying in his airplane to go to India, and I thought to myself: The President hasn’t been to Alaska, even though he says he only has three States left to see and Alaska is not included. So I ac-tually asked my staff to find out. By my count, the President has been to Alaska three times during his adminis-tration. And he told me, before he was President, he had never been to Alaska. So three times during his administra-tion. All three times were basically to get fuel. And granted, to give him cred-it, on one of those times he did meet with the troops at Elmendorf, but he never went off the base. The other two times were in the middle of the night for as long as it took to get fuel. 
In my mind, that is not visiting Alas-
ka. That is not trying to understand who we are. We have some pretty beau-tiful, wide-open skies. But when you are flying at 35,000, 45,000 feet looking down, that is not how you get a view of Alaska. 
So outside of this short meet-and- 
greet, outside of a bargaining chip to gain support from national constitu-encies, he is basically viewing Alaska as a refueling stop—which is no short-age of irony here in the fact that he is happy to refuel Air Force One in Alas-ka, but he doesn’t seem to want fuel produced in Alaska. 
I can get pretty frustrated and upset 
about this. Part of it is because so much of this comes without consulta-tion with us, without listening to the vast majority of Alaskans—as if, once again, we are nothing but a territory and the promises that were made to us at statehood mean nothing. 
I was born in the territory. It was not 
that long ago that Alaskans knew what it meant to be kind of kicked around by folks on the outside. We didn’t have a voice. We thought statehood was going to change that. We thought that 
statehood compact—the promises made that Alaska would be able to deliver to its citizens based on the amazing re-source wealth that we had—we thought that was going to count for something. Apparently, not enough. 
I was a little bit surprised to read 
that the White House counselor, Mr. Podesta, thinks I have overreacted to these announcements and to others that I have been told may be coming— more to come—and he suggested my re-action is not warranted. 
I would ask any one of the other 99 
Senators here: Think about how you would respond if the citizens of your State woke up to a message that we are going to take 12 million acres away from you and your potential to develop in your State; and then on Tuesday, we are going to take away 9.8 million acres. But don’t worry, we are the Fed-eral Government, we are here to help. Alaskans want to help themselves. We want to be able to exercise that inde-pendence, that free spirit that so many of us in Alaska identify with. We want to help our neighbors, help our fami-lies. But this kind of help we don’t need. Don’t lock us up. Don’t shut us out. 
It was suggested in Mr. Podesta’s 
comments, and I saw it in other press reports, that somehow or other the In-terior Department felt compelled to move forward with the timing of these announcements because we were ratcheting up on ANWR. They sug-gested I had introduced a bill. I haven’t introduced a bill. I do intend to intro-duce a bill. But to somehow suggest this was precipitated because the dele-gation is making a charge on ANWR is, at this time, unwarranted. 
It did kind of make me wonder, 
maybe the White House isn’t aware of how Alaskans feel about this. So in the few minutes I want to take this morn-ing I want to read a few of the quotes from our State leaders who have come out against this decision since they were announced, particularly as they relate to ANWR. 
We have a new, Independent Gov-
ernor. As I mentioned, he has already had the opportunity to meet with the President and talk about Alaska’s issues. Again, he has also met with the Secretary of Interior to talk similarly. Governor Walker says he is ‘‘angry, very angry, that this is happening.’’ 
Our State senate president, Kevin 
Meyer, said the following: 
The impact of this decision, if allowed to 
stand, will harm the future of our Great State and will deal a devastating blow to our economy. 
I spoke with our house speaker, a 
gentleman by the name of Mike Chenault from the Kenai Peninsula, an area where we have oil and gas poten-tial in the Cook Inlet. They know about oil and gas. The speaker said: 
The president just doesn’t get it, or he does 
get it and doesn’t care about the will and voice of Alaskans. That’s beyond offensive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.017 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S560 January 28, 2015 
In response to the President’s ANWR 
announcement, Speaker Chenault also had some pretty choice words. He said: 
Alaska’s not a territory anymore and it’s 
high time our federal overlords stopped try-ing to treat us like one. 
The Arctic Slope Regional Corpora-
tion, whose shareholders, people who actually live on the North Slope, issued a press release stating that: 
We are staunchly opposed to this relentless 
and coordinated effort to designate the Coastal Plain of ANWR as Wilderness. This administration has deliberately ignored the input provided by the most affected people within ANWR. 
Colleagues, remember that when this 
President is suggesting that this area needs to be named or designated as wil-derness, the 1002 area, people live there. People live their lives there— children go to school and people work there. They fly in and out. They have a little grocery store. They try to make an honest living there. They subsist, absolutely; but people live there. To quote from the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation, the corporation’s share-holders who live there say, ‘‘this ad-ministration has deliberately ignored the input provided by the most affected people within ANWR.’’ 
I think the reason they have ignored 
it is because they forget people actu-ally live there. How can people live in a wilderness? 
Democratic State Representative 
Ben Nageak of Barrow, who is an Inupiat and born in Kaktovik, who lives in the affected area, wrote this: 
President Barack Obama and his lieuten-
ants at the Interior Department will perma-nently harm our people and all Alaskans with his colonial attitude and decision mak-ing . . . It’s terrifying to see the extent by which our pleas for time and a fair hearing of our views fall on deaf ears 5,000 miles away. 
That is a State representative born 
and raised in this area, an Inupiat, who is saying 5,000 miles from here you are making decisions without listening to us, without listening to our people. 
Our North Slope Borough Mayor 
Charlotte Brower didn’t mince any words, either. She said that ‘‘these types of paternalistic, executive fiats seem to be more appropriate for An-drew Jackson’s administration than Barack Obama’s.’’ 
Pretty tough words. I am starting to 
think my words were pretty mild based on what I read from the mayor of the North Slope Borough and the Demo-cratic State representative from Bar-row. 
Mayor Brower has invited President 
Obama and Secretary Jewell to visit the North Slope, and she asked them to meet with the people who actually live there before proposing these types of sweeping land designations. If the President and the Secretary actually accept that invitation, Mayor Brower concluded: 
They might learn that the Inupiat people 
who have lived on and cared for these lands for millennia have no interest in living like relics in a giant open air museum. Rather, they hope to have the same rights and privi-leges enjoyed by people across the rest of the 
country. 
That seems like a pretty fair request 
to me. 
Even the New York Times inter-
viewed a few Alaskans who didn’t hide their feelings. One woman who said she had voted for the President twice said, ‘‘He has just alienated an entire state.’’ She described herself as being ‘‘on the fence’’ about ANWR before the pro-posal, but she added, ‘‘without talking to any of us, just doing it by fiat— that’s not how you lead.’’ 
I think she summed it up pretty well. 
What the President has done, the way he has done it—it is unfair, uncalled for, and it is unwarranted. So for it to be suggested by the counselor from the White House that my response is some-how overreacting or unwarranted, I think they should start listening to all of the people of Alaska. The presiding officer and myself were sent here to represent them and I think we are ex-pressing pretty clearly where Alaskans are coming from on this. 
This is wrong. It should not be toler-
ated. And we will not just sit back while this administration locks up our State and the potential of our people. 
We have a lot more we will be dis-
cussing about this. Again, I mentioned on Monday that there was a trifecta with what we see coming out of this administration. I have been told by the Secretary that we would see his ANWR designation and that we would then see the 5-year lease sale that would take areas that had been in deferred status and completely withdraw them for an indefinite period of time, and that there would be a third announcement coming relating to the National Petro-leum Reserve—the area where folks who said don’t go to ANWR, go to NPRA, go to the National Petroleum Reserve. So the first company that tried to do so is trying to make it hap-pen. What this administration is doing with the mitigation costs they are lay-ing in front of them, the company will determine whether it is going to be economic. But my fear is that will be the third kick to Alaska. 
So it has been a bad week, a bad 
week for Alaska. But you know what, we are not people who are deterred by bad news, by bad weather. We have a way to roll with it. 
I was looking at the front page of the 
Fairbanks Daily News-Miner yester-day. They had a little recap of what is going on with the weather. It is about 52 below zero in Fort Yukon and 51 below in Fort Greely where we base our ground-based missile defense system. We are pretty proud of what we do. We can still provide for the defense and protection of this country and do it in some pretty cold weather. 
In Fairbanks, where I went to high 
school, I think the weather this morn-ing was 47 degrees below zero, but the kids still go to school in this kind of weather. We are doing what we do up north. It is not easy, but it is an amaz-ing place and the people there are pret-ty resilient. We have been kicked this 
week, but that doesn’t mean we are down. It means we are just getting started. 
With that, I will have more to say 
about the process in front of us this afternoon, where we are with Keystone; but again, I am pleased that we have a good series of votes to keep us busy this afternoon, and I appreciate the in-dulgence of colleagues as we go through a process that can be very dis-ruptive as they are trying to meet with constituents and pursue committee business. But I think we recognize that we want to be on a path toward com-pletion of this bill, and I thank them for their cooperation. 
With that, I yield the floor and sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
UNFUNDED MANDATES INFORMATION AND  
TRANSPARENCY ACT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, last 
week my colleague Senator L ANKFORD  
and I introduced the Unfunded Man-dates Information and Transparency Act—a bill to enhance transparency about the true costs of burdensome Federal regulations affecting our States and localities. 
Twenty years ago the Unfunded Man-
dates Reform Act, otherwise known as UMRA, was signed into law to reduce the burden of Federal mandates on State and local governments, as well as the private sector. The statute was in-tended to fix a simple problem while promoting informed decisions by this Congress. But since UMRA’s enactment in 1995, many remain concerned that the law has fallen short. In Nebraska and all across America, our constitu-ents continue to face a growing moun-tain of redtape that stifles economic growth and holds back progress on a number of fronts. 
In 2011 alone the Government Ac-
countability Office identified 14 dif-ferent loopholes that would allow gov-ernment agencies to avoid conducting the UMRA analysis. In other words, redtape has survived and prospered. By their very nature, Federal mandates are both complex and vague, which is why I have introduced a new bill to fix these shortcomings and increase ac-countability. My bill, known as the Un-funded Mandates and Information Transparency Act, would address UMRA’s loopholes by mandating strict-er agency requirements, enhance stakeholder input, and strengthen en-forcement mechanisms. 
Furthermore, this bill has the power 
to get the job done. It would allow judges to place a stay on a regulation or invalidate a rule if a Federal agency fails to complete the required UMRA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.018 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S561 January 28, 2015 
analysis. It would also close a glaring 
loophole used by agencies to skirt UMRA requirements. 
Last but not least, my bill would ex-
pand the scope of reporting require-ments to include regulations imposed by independent regulatory agencies, such as the EPA. I know many Nebras-kans are deeply concerned about the ef-fects of new EPA requirements, such as the proposed water rule—a rule I have forcefully fought since it was first pro-posed. Nebraskans already go to great lengths to protect and preserve water resources within our State, but now the EPA is going overboard with this new proposal—one that represents a massive Federal power grab and clear disconnect with Main Street America. 
I share the belief of many Nebras-
kans that the Federal Government should be held responsible for the rules it puts into place. By clearly notifying taxpayers of the costs of each mandate, which the bill I introduced would re-quire, we can better hold the Federal Government accountable for the eco-nomic impact of its costly regulations. 
I hope my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle will join me in supporting this simple, commonsense legislation to help bring greater accountability and transparency to Washington. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I return 
to the floor today to discuss the legis-lation under consideration. As I did yesterday, I wish to begin by again thanking both the Senator from Alas-ka on our side of the aisle and the Sen-ator from Washington on the other side of the aisle, who are the bill man-agers—the legislation managers in this case—of the Keystone XL Pipeline ap-proval legislation that I put forward along with Senator M
ANCHIN . I wish to 
begin by thanking both of the man-agers for their diligence and for their bipartisanship and for working to-gether to advance this legislation, but I also want to make sure all of the Members of this body get a chance to bring their amendments forward, de-bate those amendments, and have a vote. 
This afternoon we have scheduled 18 
votes, and that is great. Some of those amendments I support; some I oppose. But we are going to do what this body is supposed to do and what the Amer-ican people elected us to do, and that is to have this discussion and then vote. 
We are working to advance energy 
policy for this country that can not only truly help create more energy, jobs, and economic growth but also really address the national security implications of making our country en-ergy secure. By that, I mean producing 
more energy than we consume and working with Canada, our friend and ally, to do that so that we don’t have to depend on OPEC to do that and on parts of the world where there is great instability and where our interests are not aligned with the interests of some of those countries. 
Also, it enables us to actually weak-
en some of our opponents that are petro-dependent, countries such as Iran, which is now trying to build a nu-clear weapon, as well as, right now, Russia, which is invading its neighbor Ukraine, one of our allies, where we are trying to stop the adventurism of President Putin. 
By truly becoming energy secure, by 
providing more supply of energy, we not only benefit every American at the pump—Americans are saving billions of dollars when they pull up to the pump. That is not only good for American consumers, it is good for our small businesses. 
Energy is a foundational industry 
that strengthens every other industry out there. It makes us more competi-tive in the global economy across the board. As I say, it weakens some of our opponents. So that is really the debate in which we are engaged. 
Yesterday I started to respond to 
some of the critics who oppose this leg-islation on the basis of saying this is a project for Canada and not for the United States, and that is not true at all. This pipeline would not only move crude from Canada to our refineries, it would also move crude from production in the United States, including in my State of North Dakota, which now pro-duces 1.2 million barrels of oil a day— second only to Texas—as well as Mon-tana. So it also moves domestic crude to our refineries as well. 
Furthermore, it really is about mak-
ing our Nation energy secure, working with Canada to become energy secure so we don’t have to depend on OPEC. That is very much a national interest issue for this country, for this Nation, and for all Americans. I spoke about that a little bit yesterday. 
The second issue I would like to ad-
dress is some of the environmental issues. I started to do that yesterday, but I deferred at that time because anytime we can get people to come to the floor to offer their amendments and make them pending, that is what we want to do. At that point we started getting people to come offer their amendments, and the bill managers, through their hard work, were able to get agreement, and we now have 18 amendments pending on a precloture basis. So we have made real progress in getting everyone involved and hope-fully building more bipartisan con-sensus and getting on the energy de-bate the American people want and getting to a result where we can actu-ally produce legislation that will help our Nation. 
So I started to get into the second 
point I wanted to discuss, which is some of the environmental aspects of 
the oil sands development and how technology is being deployed, with hundreds of millions of private dollars invested in new technologies that are not only producing more energy but doing it with a smaller environmental footprint. That helps to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of oil that is 
produced in the oil sands. 
There are two projects I wish to 
speak about to give examples of how, if we continue to work to empower this kind of investment in new tech-nologies, we get not only more energy more cost-effectively and more depend-ably but we also get it with environ-mental stewardship. 
The first project I will speak about is 
a project that has been undertaken in the oil sands in Alberta, Canada. Going back to this earlier chart, we can see that it is up in the Hardisty area, and this second chart is a picture of the project. It is one that is undertaken by the Shell Oil Company. It is called their Quest project. I will read a little bit about the project. 
Shell Canada will this year complete the 
world’s first oil sands carbon capture and storage project. 
This is CCS—carbon capture and 
storage—something we have been working to develop in this country and apply to fossil fuels, not only things such as oil and gas but also coal. This is the new carbon capture technology. They will complete the world’s first project. Continuing: 
The project, called Quest, will begin per-
manently storing CO 2by the end of the year 
and will permanently store more than 1 mil-lion tons per year. 
Let me read that again. 
The project, called Quest, will begin per-
manently storing CO 2by the end of the year 
and will permanently store more than 1 mil-lion tons per year. Quest reduces the emis-sions from Shell’s upgrader by 35 percent— that’s the equivalent of taking 175,000 cars off the road each year. Shell will transport the CO
250 miles north via pipeline and per-
manently store it more than a mile below ground under impermeable rock formations. 
My point is that here is an example 
of where a private company is working with the Province of Alberta on this project to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in carbon capture and stor-age technology that will not only apply to the oil sands, but—think about it— this is also technology that is not only being developed but deployed on a com-mercial scale in production that we can now take advantage of and use in this country to produce more energy from multiple sources—again, smaller foot-print, lower greenhouse gas. 
Isn’t that the solution to better envi-
ronmental stewardship where we get more energy that we produce here with our closest friends and allies, with bet-ter stewardship through investment by private companies in these new tech-nologies and, in this case, working with Alberta? Alberta is also investing in this technology, but this is the inno-vation of our country, of our compa-nies. This is the kind of ingenuity and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.020 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S562 January 28, 2015 
innovation that helps us build the kind 
of future we want. In this case, it is a secure energy future by deploying these new technologies. 
The other point I will make as we 
look at this chart is that under the old system of oil sand production—remem-ber, it is excavation, so they would be digging up this area and then extract-ing the oil from the oil sands. But under this new system of development, which is called in situ, they are actu-ally drilling wells, and then they put steam down the hole to bring the oil up, and then they capture the CO
2and 
store it underground, so smaller envi-ronmental footprint and lower green-house gas emissions. 
Since 1990 the greenhouse gas emis-
sions on a per-barrel basis for oil sands production has gone down by 28 per-cent. So they have reduced it by al-most a third. These new technologies will reduce it further going forward. 
This is about finding good solutions 
to create jobs and economic activity and energy security and take us into the future. That is why I wanted to dis-cuss that project for just a minute. 
A second project I will reference is 
Exxon’s Kearl project, spelled K-E-A-R- L. Just by way of preface, Exxon cur-rently produces over 100,000 barrels of oil a day in the Canadian oil sands. They are going to increase that amount this year to 345,000 barrels a day. Their objective is to get to half a million barrels a day of oil produced in the Canadian oil sands. They are in-vesting $10 billion in this project. That is their investment in this project and these new, better drilling techniques. 
Let me tell my colleagues a little bit 
about their project. Exxon is doing it differently than Shell and Quest. They are employing different technologies but investing $10 billion to reduce the environmental footprint, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but produce a lot of energy for Canada and for our country. 
Exxon’s Kearl project will use cogen-
eration for steam, which a low-energy extraction process to recover oil, and heat integration between the extrac-tion and treatment facilities to mini-mize energy consumption. As a result, oil produced from Kearl will have about the same life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions as many other crude oils refined in the United States as a result of technologies which significantly en-hance environmental performance— again, smaller environmental foot-print, lower greenhouse gas emissions. 
This is how we work to address the 
challenges we face, whether it is pro-ducing energy or anything else. We de-ploy these new technologies that en-able us to do it better. 
Other environmental innovations for 
Kearl include onsite water storage to eliminate river withdrawals in low- flow periods and progressive land rec-lamation, which will return the land to the boreal forest. 
I wish to emphasize that for a 
minute. What we see around this site, which is actually the Shell site—this is 
the boreal forest. I have been to Hardisty, and I have seen the oil sands production. I was also taken out to areas where they had reclaimed land that had been formerly used to produce oil sands. Now we can’t tell the dif-ference between the land that has been reclaimed and the land that hadn’t ever been used in terms of oil produc-tion. I was there and I looked at both and I couldn’t tell the difference. Of course, that is subjective. You want to return it to the state it was in before it was tapped. With this newer produc-tion, there is a much smaller area that we would ultimately have to return to its original state. 
I wanted to touch on those two 
projects for a few minutes as well as point out that the Alberta Government actually requires that all land used in the development of oil sands has to be returned to the same or equivalent condition when it is no longer in use. 
The final point I wish to touch on for 
just a minute or two is another issue that has been brought up, which is pipeline safety. There have been some references to recent pipeline spills— one in Poplar, MT, actually not too far from where I live in western North Da-kota. But the spill is from what is called the Poplar Pipeline, which I be-lieve is owned by the Bridger Company. It is a pipeline that goes underneath the Yellowstone River. It was built in the 1950s, so we are talking about a pipeline that is over 50 years old. Isn’t that just the point, that whether it is roads or bridges or buildings or pipe-lines or transmission lines or anything else, we have to make the investment in new facilities rather than just con-tinuing to rely on old facilities? 
That is what I want to emphasize 
about the Keystone XL Pipeline project. This is an investment of $8 bil-lion, not a penny of government invest-ment but $8 billion in private invest-ment in new steel and new tech-nologies. 
Also, the Department of Transpor-
tation’s Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rial Safety Administration—PHMSA— the division of the Department of Transportation that oversees pipeline safety, has required 57 special condi-tions for this pipeline to make sure it is as safe as possible. I am going to touch on some of those to give a sense of what they are. 
The whole point is that here we are 
trying to create a business climate, a business environment where companies can put billions of dollars into these new technologies and this new infra-structure so that we can have energy as safely as possible, with the best stewardship possible, so we aren’t rely-ing on pipelines or other infrastructure that is more than 50 years old. 
We are trying to get that upgrade. 
We are not doing it at taxpayer ex-pense. We are getting tax revenues. We will get hundreds of millions of tax rev-enues that will come back in from pri-vate sector projects where we are try-ing to empower that investment. At 
the same time, the PHMSA, the De-partment of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, has all these require-ments that they are making part of the approval process—57 different special safety conditions for the Keystone XL Pipeline. They are conditions such as puncture resistance. For example, TransCanada is required by PHMSA in the environmental impact statement to ensure that the steel used in the pipeline can withstand impact from a 65-ton excavator with 3
1⁄2-inch teeth. 
There is corrosion resistance coating, 
making sure it has a coating on it that is resistant to corrosion. There is ca-thodic protection. Cathodic protection is applied to a pipe so where it con-nects to other—it could be structures such as a bridge. It could be any place where the pipes are connected to make sure those other connections don’t rust through into the pipe. 
For maintenance, TransCanada must 
submit certification that demonstrates compliance with all 57 conditions be-fore they commence operation of the pipe. 
Airplanes will patrol the right of 
away at least 26 times a year. They will send cleaning and inspection tools through the pipeline once a year to col-lect and analyze basic sediment and water. 
Compare all of this to a pipeline that 
was built 50 years ago and laid on the floor of a river—versus a pipeline now, where if they have to cross a river, they use directional drilling. So they go down 25 feet below the river and put the pipe 25 feet down in the rock below the river, versus older pipelines that were just laid in there. Again, this is the new technology—the new safe-guards. 
In horizontal drilling and directional 
drilling the pipe will be buried approxi-mately 25 feet below riverbeds. So if there any riverbeds that cross, that is 25 feet below using directional drilling. 
There are automatic shutoff valves. 
So they will have automatic shutoff valves and they will be placed every 20 miles along the pipeline route. Extra miles will also be placed where there are protected water crossing and other areas of higher consequence. They can be closed remotely on either side of the line, isolating a damaged area within minutes of detection. 
Again, it is about making sure if 
there is an issue of any kind, that you can minimize and mitigate any kind of spill. 
With 100 percent weld inspections, 
there is a requirement that 100 percent of welds are inspected rather than just some of the welds under a test basis. 
With satellite monitoring and leak 
detection, Keystone XL will have more than 13,500 sensors feeding constant and detailed information about flow rates to the control center 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. That is so that if any kind of a leak is detected, it is im-mediately shut down so you minimize the amount of product that would leak. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.022 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S563 January 28, 2015 
Those are the kinds of safety fea-
tures—and there are 57 of them—re-quired by the administration’s Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Admin-istration. When we talk about pipeline safety and somebody comes in and says there is this pipe that broke so we should never have another pipe, we need to talk about that and address that in a sensible way. 
We have over 2 million miles of pipe 
in this country. The point is we do need to build new pipelines and up-grade them and take other steps to make sure the system is safe. But you don’t do that by blocking investment in the new technologies and the new pipeline that will help us move product more safely, more cost-effectively, and more dependably. 
Those are the three issues I wanted 
to address. Again, I covered some of them yesterday, but I wanted to make sure that any time we had somebody coming down to offer amendments, we deferred to those individuals. I am pleased now we have 18 amendments pending on a whole gamut of issues re-lated to this project, to this energy dis-cussion, and to our efforts to advance a better energy future for our country. 
Again, I look forward to the debate 
this afternoon, to voting on these amendments, and to continuing to ad-vance this legislation on behalf of the American people. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish 
to take a few minutes to talk about the latest attempt by the Republicans in the House of Representatives—and a few Republicans in the Senate as well— to hold hostage the basic operation of our government, once again, over poli-tics. 
While I have several issues with the 
Department of Homeland Security funding bill that the House has sent to us, I will first discuss this strategy we are seeing from Republicans, as the former chair of the Budget Committee and as someone who has worked across the aisle to break through gridlock in Congress. 
Two years ago our country was mov-
ing constantly from one manufactured crisis to the next. We had debt limit scares that were rattling our busi-nesses and the markets, we were head-ed toward an absurd and unnecessary government shutdown, and people across the country were losing faith 
that their elected officials could get anything done when it came to the budget and to our economy. 
But by working together, Congress-
man P
AUL RYAN and I were able to 
reach a budget deal that prevented an-other government shutdown and showed the American people that Con-gress could work together to get things done. 
Because of that deal we were able to 
then pass bipartisan spending bills for the past 2 fiscal years, including 11 of the 12 appropriations bills from last year. Although we have a lot of work to do, it is clear that stability in the Federal budget makes a difference for our economy. We have to work to-gether to build on that growth, to con-tinue that certainty, and to make sure our economy is working for all fami-lies, not only the wealthiest few. 
Across the country, businesses have 
added more than 11 million new jobs— over 58 straight months of job growth. The unemployment rate is now under 6 percent and trending downward, and we have reduced the Federal budget deficit by over two-thirds since 2009. 
So when I look at the Homeland Se-
curity funding bill that the House of Representatives has now sent to us, I see a few things. I see a bill—the way it is drafted and was sent to us will tear apart families who are working hard to make it in America. I see a bill that will put our security at risk, and I see a bill that seriously threatens all of the work we have done recently, Re-publicans and Democrats, to keep our government functioning because the bill the House has sent over is simply unacceptable. 
It will not pass the Senate. Repub-
licans know that. Let’s be clear about what this bill is, it is a calculated, po-litical gamble from our Republican col-leagues. 
This looming showdown over funding 
the Department of Homeland Security is no accident. In fact, it is actually a risk they have been planning since last year all because of political pressure from the extreme anti-immigration right wing of their party. 
If Republicans are willing to risk 
funding for the Department of Home-land Security for political reasons, I believe the American people deserve to know exactly what that does mean be-cause funding the Department of Homeland Security doesn’t only keep the lights on the DHS headquarters, that funding protects our country from terrorist attacks at a time when the 
world is as dangerous and volatile as ever. 
It protects our country and American 
businesses from cyber attacks, a threat that is all too real as we have now seen in recent months. It supports basic se-curity measures at our airports, at our seaports, and along the border. It even supports our Federal emergency man-agement resources that are on call for every community in America. 
In my home State of Washington, 
this funding supports the Coast Guard, which protects shippers and sailors 
throughout Puget Sound, and Customs and Border Protection, which helps fa-cilitate billions in international trade moving through my State, the most trade-dependent State in the country. 
Not funding these programs is a risk 
we cannot afford to take. It is reckless and irresponsible and, more than any-thing else, simply counterproductive for Republicans to put all of this on the line just to score some political points with the tea party and the far right. Unfortunately that appears exactly to be what they are doing. 
Once again Speaker B
OEHNER and the 
House Republicans have decided they are willing to break up millions of fam-ilies and deport millions of DREAMers who are victims themselves of a broken system. 
They have decided they are willing to 
stop the President’s policy of focusing our law enforcement on national secu-rity threats, gang members, and vio-lent criminals. Once again they have decided they are willing to make bipar-tisan, comprehensive immigration re-form that much more difficult to achieve. 
This is much more than only an an-
nual funding bill. This legislation is a message which has been sent to us loud and clear from House Republicans and Speaker B
OEHNER that they are willing 
to continue pushing us from crisis to crisis. They are willing to play politics with our national security, and they are willing to turn their backs on mil-lions and millions of children and fami-lies. 
For years now we have seen that 
strategy doesn’t work—it doesn’t work. It holds us back. 
But I have to say I was encouraged 
when Majority Leader M
CCONNELL said 
that at the end of the day the Senate will fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
It is clear the House bill will not pass 
the Senate, so I truly believe it is time for the majority leader to show, as he has promised, that he will let the Sen-ate and Congress work efficiently. 
It is time for the majority leader to 
bring a clean DHS appropriations bill to the floor. Let’s get it done, passed, and move on to the work that is so im-portant to us. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise 
to urge my Republican colleagues to pass a clean bill to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the re-mainder of the fiscal year. 
We are now only 1 month away from 
a shutdown of the principal Federal agency charged with keeping Ameri-cans safe from terrorism and prepared for natural disasters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.023 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S564 January 28, 2015 
The President has said he will veto 
any funding bill that repeals or rolls back his Executive order on immigra-tion, so anything but a clean bill to fund DHS means one thing and one thing alone. Republicans are unilater-ally shutting down the agency. 
No matter what your grievance is, we 
shouldn’t be playing politics with na-tional security. It is alarming that even as we can now count the days, 30, until a Republican security shutdown, so many on the hard right are ready to just dismiss the consequences. 
Compared to their obsession with 
President Obama’s immigration action and their desire to appease the tea party with radical and practical ideas that would not fix our system, to Re-publicans shutting down DHS is ‘‘not the end of the world.’’ 
So I will use my time to spell out 
what a DHS shutdown would mean for our country in the hopes that our Re-publican colleagues will be jolted back to reality and to common sense. Since this isn’t the first time Republicans have put us through a shutdown, we ac-tually have a very good idea as to what a DHS shutdown would look like. 
Here are just some of the functions 
that would cease if Republicans failed to put a clean bill on the floor: The bulk of DHS management and head-quarter administrative support activi-ties would cease, including much of the homeland security infrastructure that was built during the 9/11 terrorist at-tacks to improve command, control, and coordination of disparate frontline activities. Securing the Cities, a crit-ical post-9/11 funding program that helps pay for nuclear detection capa-bilities in New York City, Los Angeles, and Washington, DC, could not be awarded in fiscal year 2015. The DHS Nuclear Detection Office, which since 9/11 coordinates on a daily or weekly basis with local law enforcement, will stop operating. 
FEMA’s disaster preparedness unit 
would cease coordinating regular train-ing activities for law enforcement for weapons of mass destruction events. FEMA employees in Washington and across the country who provide critical preparedness resources to local first re-sponders would be sent home. Twenty- five percent of FEMA’s headquarters and regional staff would be furloughed. 
FEMA personnel working on grants 
programs, such as funds for intel-ligence analysts or firefighter needs, would be furloughed, and even those personnel deemed essential would be denied paychecks until a funding bill is passed. This means we are not paying the Coast Guard, we are not paying the TSA, we are not paying the Border Pa-trol, the Secret Service or FEMA aid workers. 
So make no mistake, a DHS shut-
down would hamstring our ability to combat threats to the homeland and to keep our citizens safe. The irony of course is that one of the programs that shutdown would close completely is E- Verify, which stops unscrupulous em-ployers from hiring undocumented 
workers and cutting everyone’s wages. 
So in order to make a point on immi-
gration, our Republican colleagues are actually going to stop the program which prevents employers from hiring undocumented workers. Essentially to make a point about needing more im-migration enforcement, Republicans are willing to shut down immigration enforcement. 
In short, I am perplexed as to why 
Republicans are playing this game of chicken with DHS funding because the only possible outcome that could come from withholding of a clean DHS bill is the shutdown of several critical post- 9/11 programs within the DHS and the furlough of thousands of workers para-mount to our Nation’s security and dis-aster preparedness. 
At a time when we need all hands on 
deck to keep America safe, Republican efforts to politicize our security would tie DHS’s hands behind their back. So I urge my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate to drop this fool’s er-rand and put a clean DHS funding bill on the floor as soon as possible. 
I yield the floor. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am 
here this afternoon to discuss the two concerns I have about the bill cur-rently before the Senate—the regula-tion that would grant immediate ap-proval of the Presidential permit nec-essary to construct and operate the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
First and foremost, I believe a thor-
ough regulatory review process is crit-ical for any major infrastructure project, particularly one that will cross our country’s border. Regulatory re-view enables the identification of eco-nomic impacts from a major project and, more importantly, environmental impacts that infrastructure projects such as the Keystone Pipeline may bring. 
We shouldn’t trade transparency for 
expediency when it comes to the con-struction of an international project that has such scope. I can’t support a bill that sacrifices these important protections. That is why I voted in the past against legislation to allow the Keystone XL Pipeline to circumvent the normal review process, and that is why I intend to again vote against this bill. 
I also have a number of concerns 
about the impact of the Keystone Pipe-line on our environment. In the past 2 weeks, we have had a spirited debate on this floor, and a number of my col-leagues have come to the floor to talk about the pipeline oilspills we have seen in this country. Just a few days ago, an oil pipeline 
burst, leaking 50,000 gallons of crude oil into the Yellowstone River in Mon-tana. Yet this spill pales in comparison to the 2010 Kalamazoo River oil spill where over 1 million gallons of oil sands poured into Talmadge Creek in Michigan. The cleanup has already cost more than $1 billion and taken over 4 years to complete. In fact, to date there has been no authoritative study on how the spills of oil sands crude may differ from those of conventional crude oil. This means we have no idea about the spill’s long-term effects on the health of wildlife in that river. 
The other issue that has been raced 
onto the floor is the fact that right now, because of the way we define crude oil, TransCanada—supporting and planning to build the Keystone Pipeline—is not required to pay into the federal oil spill liability trust fund, which would ensure taxpayers against any spills. So we have this out-of-state, out-of-country foreign company that is coming in to build this pipeline, and yet they are not required to pay, as any American company would be, into the oil spill liability trust fund. That, to me, doesn’t make sense. Circum-venting the regulatory process for Key-stone prevents us from understanding the health hazards that we would face should another spill occur. 
I am also concerned that construc-
tion of the Keystone Pipeline will in-crease carbon emissions and undermine some of the most critical climate poli-cies that we have in place. The pipeline poses threats to our environment that have already been identified. Tar sands greenhouse gas emissions are 81 per-cent greater than those of conventional oil. That is because the production of oil sands crude is more energy inten-sive, or more greenhouse gas intensive, than conventional crude production. Additional processes are required to ex-tract the oil, remove the sand, and di-lute the oil so that it can flow in a pipeline. 
In addition, if the pipeline is ap-
proved, much of the boreal wetlands in Alberta, Canada, which act as a carbon sink, would be destroyed, releasing 11 million to 47 million metric tons of CO
2 
into the atmosphere. 
One of the reasons I am concerned 
about circumventing the regulatory process is because I believe this could set a precedent for a rushed approval of infrastructure projects currently under consideration in New Hampshire. 
In New Hampshire, we have two 
projects that really merit careful con-sideration and thorough review that could be affected by a precedent that says we should ignore the regulatory process. In New Hampshire, the North-ern Pass transmission proposal, which proposes to deliver hydropower from Quebec into the New England energy markets and goes through northern New Hampshire, would bring power to southern New England, but New Hamp-shire wouldn’t benefit. And any sugges-tion that we would circumvent the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.027 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S565 January 28, 2015 
process is a real concern to people in 
New Hampshire who would be affected by that project. 
The other project is the potential re-
versal of the Portland-Montreal pipe-line, which, if the determination were made to do this, would send oil sands through many New Hampshire commu-nities, and that oil would then be shipped to foreign countries. 
So if we set the precedent of trading 
transparency for expediency with Key-stone, without requiring the comple-tion of a comprehensive approval proc-ess, local communities in New Hamp-shire may not have a meaningful voice in the process that deals with Northern Pass or reversing the Portland-Mon-treal pipeline. I think that is unaccept-able. 
These three projects—Keystone, 
Northern Pass, and Portland-Mon-treal—have one important thing in common: They should undergo the comprehensive environmental and safe-ty approval process required by exist-ing law, and that should be done inde-pendent of politics. 
Circumventing the Presidential per-
mitting process for cross-border pipe-lines and electric transmission facili-ties avoids the due process that is needed to determine whether these projects are in the best interests of the country. 
In New Hampshire, Northern Pass 
and the Portland-Montreal pipeline have raised serious concerns for people who live in areas impacted by these projects. That is why I worked with the entire New Hampshire congressional delegation in a bipartisan way to en-sure that both projects undergo a transparent, thorough, and comprehen-sive review process. That allows the input of local communities who will be affected by these projects. 
Like people in New Hampshire and 
across the country, I share concerns about our Nation’s energy future. Throughout my career I have fought for smart policies that will reduce en-ergy costs in New Hampshire and across the country, that will help cre-ate jobs, and will protect our air and water from pollution. 
But I don’t believe mandating a 
project that bypasses the approval process is a smart policy. We need to be smart and thoughtful about our energy future. I think it would set a dangerous precedent for other projects that could have serious consequences in New Hampshire and in other States around the country. 
I appreciate the debate we have had 
here on the Senate floor about the Key-stone Pipeline, but I will be opposing this bill. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UKRAINE AND SYRIA  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want 
to speak to the Senate about Ukraine and also about Syria. These are two parts of the world that are of par-ticular critical importance to the United States foreign policy today be-cause of what they portend for the fu-ture. The fact that our relationship is so rocky with the President of Russia, President Putin, who right up to just a few days after the Olympics suddenly shows his true colors when he invades 
Crimea, a part of Ukraine, despite all of the agreements when the Soviet Union broke up in the late eighties, early nineties, the agreements that in exchange for moving all of the nuclear weapons out of Ukraine back into Rus-sia, that Russia would forever recog-nize and respect the sovereignty of Ukraine—well, that went out the win-dow right after the Olympics, and Mr. Putin showed his true colors. 
He could couch it in all kinds of 
terms, that there is a Russian naval base that was there, but the fact is the whole world knows what he did, and no one could do anything about it. Then he started to move on the eastern part of Ukraine, and that, of course, is going on as we speak. The so-called rebels aren’t really rebels. They are a front for the Russian military propped up with actual troops of the Russian military, sometimes disguised as being free and independent players simply because they don’t have on their Rus-sian uniforms; but in fact they have taken them off and put on uniforms that are not Russian uniforms to say that they are part of the rebel force. It is a ruse and everybody knows it is a ruse. 
I went last August to Ukraine, spoke 
with almost all of the top-level mem-bers of the government and asked what it was they needed. To my surprise, at the time they did not say they needed lethal equipment. They needed up-to- date, up-to-the-minute intelligence, and they needed training. 
I have urged the U.S. Government to 
provide that, and we are providing a number of things. This Senator thinks it is clearly in the interest of the United States that we provide more as-sistance to the Government of Ukraine so their military can have the equip-ment, including lethal assistance, to hold off Putin’s aggression in Eastern Ukraine. 
This is a particularly critical time. I 
was there last summer, but what has happened in the meantime is over the course of the past year oil has gone from $100 to $46 a barrel. I remember asking someone when I was there and in the Baltic States what did oil need to get to and below in order for Mr. Putin to start really feeling the pinch, and they said anything under $85 a bar-rel. It is now around $46 a barrel. Al-though Russia has significant reserves as of a few months ago, about $450 bil-lion of cash in reserves, that is lower now. Those reserves will hold them for 
a while because of the price they are getting for their oil. They don’t have high production costs in Russia, but because the price is so much lower— half of what they were getting—their revenue is significantly down and therefore all of the money that was being supplied by the Russian Govern-
ment for so many things, a plethora of different social programs—guess who is feeling the pinch. The people of Russia. So the aggressiveness of Mr. Putin internationally is an attempt to try to take his people’s eye off of their own fi-nancial depravity and, in fact, get it on the international scene where the President of Russia is quite adept at pounding his chest and banging his fist. 
The Ukrainians are once again fight-
ing right now as we speak for their ter-ritory. The Ukrainian Government took back the Donetsk airport in East-ern Ukraine. Then the rebels came back. And I say ‘‘rebels’’ with a wry smile. I mean this is the Russian Army. They came back and they took it again. Last week those Russian- backed rebels broke a shaky ceasefire agreement and they renewed the fight-ing with the Ukrainian Government military. This Senator feels that we have got to do more to help these peo-ple who are trying to protect their independence. If you recall, last year we passed the Ukraine Freedom Sup-port Act which provides further sanc-tions and lethal aid such as antitank and anti-armor weapons, counter-artillery radars, secure communica-tions equipment, and tactical surveil-lance drones. All of that was needed. 
The fighting that is following ap-
pears to be a steady buildup of Russian support for the rebels. General Hodges, the U.S. Army commander in Europe, said last week that since December Russia had doubled its support for the rebels. General Breedlove, the NATO Supreme Commander, said that Rus-sian electronic warfare and defense sys-tems have been detected in the conflict areas. So let’s not fool ourselves, the Russian Army is in there and we have to do more to help them. 
On Syria, this Senator feels where we 
are having success right now in Iraq against ISIS with the multiple strikes from the air, with training up the Iraqi Army as the boots on the ground, in-cluding some American boots on the ground that are advisers and trainers— at the end of the day we are going to have to do this in Syria if we are going to be successful. It is a lot more com-plicated in Syria because of the Assad government. The Free Syrian Army we are now starting to train—it is almost an impossible task. We train them, they go in, they try to attack ISIS. ISIS attacks them, but so does the Assad regime. That is not a recipe for success. 
We are working with the vetted oppo-
sition fighters to go after ISIS in Syria. We have to supply support. We have to supply lethal support in addi-tion to the training and equipment in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.029 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S566 January 28, 2015 
order for them to be successful. And for 
them to be successful, it is absolutely in the interest of the United States. Congress has approved the training and equipping of vetted elements of the Syrian opposition, and the Department of Defense recently announced it will deploy 400 personnel in that effort. We are going to have to do a lot more. 
The American people are tired of 
war, and yet we have a new kind of enemy, and we are going to have to take it right to them where they are. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
(The remarks of Mr. H
ATCH per-
taining to the introduction of S. 295 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
say a few words about some of the amendments we will be voting on later this afternoon—three of them in par-ticular. The amendments I am refer-ring to are the Merkley amendment No. 125, the Carper amendment No. 120, and the Heitkamp amendment No. 133. All three of these amendments address sensitive tax issues that fall squarely into the jurisdiction of the Senate Fi-nance Committee, and all of them ad-dress issues that are likely to be liti-gated as the Finance Committee con-tinues its efforts toward comprehensive tax reform. 
The Finance Committee is going to 
be very active in this Congress. We had our first bipartisan markup this morn-ing. We already had two hearings, with more scheduled for next week, and per-haps more importantly—at least in the context of these three votes we will be having today—we have taken concrete steps in a process we believe will end in the introduction of bipartisan tax re-form legislation. We have appointed five tax reform working groups to ad-dress the various areas of reform. Our hope is that over the next few months these working groups will study the issues and provide ideas we can use as we develop a comprehensive tax reform proposal. 
Ranking Member W
YDEN is on board 
with this effort. We are working to-gether every step of the way. If we start singling out individual tax issues here on the floor—even issues Members may feel passionately about—we are going to undermine this bipartisan process. Virtually everyone in both parties agrees that we need to fix our broken, inefficient Tax Code. Sure, there are disagreements on what the substance of tax reform should look like, but there is a growing consensus on the need for reform, which is en-couraging. If we are going to be suc-cessful in tax reform, we need to make sure these issues are addressed in the tax-writing committees. 
I think it is safe to say that all of the 
issues my colleagues are trying to ad-dress with their amendments are going to be litigated one way or another in the Finance Committee’s efforts this year. That being the case, raising these 
issues as floor amendments on an unre-lated bill is, in my view, very counter-productive. 
Finally, I would like to note that 
these amendments would all be subject to a constitutional point of order as they all deal with revenue and would need to be passed first by the House of Representatives. I am not going to raise that point of order at this time; I just want to make note of it for the record. 
Given all of these concerns, I hope 
my colleagues—Senators M
ERKLEY , 
CARPER , and H EITKAMP —will withdraw 
these amendments so these issues can be addressed in the proper forum. If they do not withdraw their amend-ments, I plan to vote against all three of them and urge all of my colleagues— particularly those who have an interest in a successful tax reform effort—to do the same. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The Senator from Colorado. 
Mr. BENNET. I congratulate the Pre-
siding Officer, and I also congratulate Chairman H
ATCH for the unanimous 
vote he got in today’s markup in the Finance Committee. It was a great bi-partisan start to our work, as he said. I hope we will continue to have these discussions in that manner. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak today about the Burr-Bennet amendment No. 92, which we are slated to vote on later today. I will be brief because it is pretty straightforward. 
The amendment simply reauthorizes 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund and ensures that a dedicated portion of LWCF funds go to provide new access for our Nation’s sports men and women. 
As many in this body know, the Land 
and Water Conservation Fund is one of the country’s best and most important conservation programs. It is authorized to provide $900 million annually for ef-forts to preserve and increase access to our public lands and waterways. These resources historically have been used for projects that range from building city parks, to purchasing small parcels of isolated land from willing sellers, all the way to preserving the Nation’s his-toric battlefields. 
This past summer in Colorado, we 
completed a huge LWCF project that retired several old mining claims on the San Juan National Forest near the town of Ophir. 
Over the Fourth of July weekend, the 
town invited me and my family to join them in a celebration of the accom-plishment, and we took them up on that offer without a moment’s hesi-tation. 
Ophir sits at 9,600 feet above sea 
level. It is the kind of place that has a sign on its main road—clearly painted by the kids who live in the town—indi-cating that their population totals 163 people, including, according to the sign, 55 kids, 30 dogs, and 15 cats. When we pulled in on the morning of the 
celebration, it seemed to me that the entire town was there. Over the course of that day—which included a hike, a picnic, and a formal program—it was amazing to hear from the community about the importance of this LWCF project and how many years so many people in the town devoted themselves to getting it done. 
Many of our mountain communities 
get huge portions of their revenue and business through recreation and tour-ism, and it is for some of these reasons that the town felt LWCF literally helped cement its economic future. 
I was an LWCF supporter before that 
visit, but that day really drove home the value of the program to me. That is only one of countless stories from Colo-rado. I know it can be replicated thou-sands of times across the country in all 50 States. Those stories and accom-plishments alone make this amend-ment worth supporting. 
Let’s also remember that when we 
are talking about LWCF, we are not talking about taxpayer dollars. When Congress crafted the measure back in 1965, they had a very innovative solu-tion for how to pay for their concept. Instead of using taxpayer dollars from the Treasury, they decided to dedicate a portion of the revenue the govern-ment collects from offshore oil drilling to fund LWCF. This argument was very simple and elegant. 
As we deplete our natural resources— 
offshore reserves of oil and gas in this case—we ought to support the con-servation of another natural resource: our lands and waterways. As I men-tioned, Congress passed a law in 1965, and now it is time to reauthorize it. I thank Senator B
URR, who has shown 
great leadership in crafting the amend-ment to do just that. 
This amendment is thoroughly bipar-
tisan and enjoys cosponsors such as Senator A
YOTTE , Senator A LEXANDER , 
and Senator T ILLIS , just to name a few. 
In fact, I am told there are 246 amend-ments that have been filed on this bill, and not one amendment has the num-ber of cosponsors that this amendment does. This amendment has more co-sponsors than any of the remaining 245 amendments. 
Before I close and urge my colleagues 
to vote yes, I want to paraphrase some-thing I said on the floor last week about another amendment. Conserva-tion policies such as LWCF are impor-tant to the American people. Pro-tecting our land and water is mom-and- apple-pie stuff in Colorado, and I know our State is not the only one. Con-served lands and wide-open spaces are a huge economic driver across our coun-try, and it is part of who we are in the West. 
We are not only talking about 
backcountry parcels, such as the one I visited in Ophir, we are talking about building new parks in inner cities and providing new access to hunters and anglers. The LWCF does all of these things and more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.025 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S567 January 28, 2015 
I say to my colleagues, if you are for 
city kids getting a new playground or making sure we protect gold medal trout streams or any number of bene-fits in between, then you need to be for amendment No. 92 from Senator B
URR. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support the measure when it comes time for a vote later this evening. I think we would make a very meaningful state-ment about where the Senate is headed if we could supply the votes necessary to actually adopt this amendment. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, it is my 
understanding that in about a minute we are going to be voting on the first of a series of amendments. The first amendment is the amendment I have offered which I talked about before. I want to remind my colleagues what this amendment does. 
First, it would require a notification 
to Governors and to county officials of risks to their drinking water supplies that may be caused by the Keystone Pipeline. 
Second, the local officials would have 
the right to bring that information back to the Federal Government so that action could be taken in order to protect their drinking water supplies. 
Third, it provides a right of action 
for property owners for damages caused to their wells and drinking water as a direct result of the Keystone Pipeline construction. 
This is a pretty straightforward 
amendment. It provides States rights in knowing what is happening with re-gard to their drinking water, and it provides property owners rights for the damages that could be caused as a re-sult of Keystone. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time in opposition? 
The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
would urge colleagues to oppose the Cardin amendment. 
In review, it appears that it is de-
signed to halt the construction of this pipeline before it even begins. The amendment tells the President to pro-vide this analysis of the potential risks to public health and environment from a leak or rupture and to provide that to every municipality and every coun-ty along the route, as well as to the Governors. Then the Governor can pe-tition the President to effectively lo-cate the pipeline somewhere else, at which point, again, construction could never commence. The Governors of Montana, South 
Dakota, and Nebraska have already ap-proved the pipeline route through their States. So this amendment is an effort, I think, to build that opposition over contamination fears and in turn, pres-sure those Governors to reverse their positions and halt the pipeline’s con-struction. 
I think it is important for colleagues 
to understand the risks to the water supplies along the pipeline path were examined by the State Department’s final SEIS. They were found to be not significant. Again, I will vote no on this amendment and strongly encour-age my colleagues to join me with this. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 75. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 36, 
nays 62, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 31 Leg.] 
YEAS—36 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—62 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
CHANGE OF VOTE  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, on 
rollcall No. 31, I voted yea. It was my intention to vote nay. Therefore, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to change my vote, since it will not af-fect the outcome of the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The foregoing tally has been 
changed to reflect the above order.) 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. WICKER. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate prior to a vote in rela-tion to amendment No. 70, offered by the Senator from Michigan, Mr. P
ETERS . 
Who yields time? The Senator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, as 
Michiganders, Senator S
TABENOW and I 
know firsthand how important the Great Lakes are. The lakes are a vital natural resource and an economic en-gine for our State, region, and the en-tire country. Unfortunately, Michiganders also know firsthand the environmental dangers and risks when it comes to pipeline leaks. 
We had the worst inland pipeline leak 
in our Nation’s history near Kala-mazoo, MI. Cleanup has taken over 4 years and has cost $1.2 billion. There is a 60-year-old pipeline under the Straits of Mackinac where Lake Michigan and Lake Huron come together. I cannot even fathom what would happen if there were an accident that contami-nated the Great Lakes. The results would be catastrophic not only for the Great Lakes but also the entire coun-try. 
That is why we need to act now and 
act quickly, and I urge my colleagues to support the Peters-Stabenow amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
am not entirely certain I like this amendment. This is the first I have heard PHMSA may not have the re-sources to do its job. It does seem fair 
to have PHMSA come tell us if they do not have adequate resources. 
What I most strongly oppose with 
this amendment is its attempt to tie the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline to an unrelated pipeline in a different State. There is no limit for the PHMSA study and certification in-cluded here, so we could be looking, in addition to the already 2,300-some-odd days this delay has been in place, at further delays. 
If my colleagues from Michigan are 
interested in a PHMSA study, I rec-ommend they introduce their effort as a stand-alone bill so it can be consid-ered by the committee of jurisdiction. If it is needed, we can move it through the regular order and certainly con-sider it in the future. 
I would ask my colleagues to oppose 
this amendment, and I remind col-leagues that we are on 10-minute votes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.031 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S568 January 28, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Peters amendment. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. 
TOOMEY ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 40, 
nays 58, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 32 Leg.] 
YEAS—40 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—58 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. HATCH. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 23, offered by the Senator from Vermont. 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, the 
scientific community tells us very clearly that if we are going to reverse climate change and the great dangers it poses for our country and the planet, we must move aggressively to trans-
form our energy system away from fos-sil fuels to energy efficiency and sus-tainable energy. 
This amendment would provide a 15- 
percent rebate to homeowners so that we could install 10 million new solar rooftops across the country within 10 years. This would result in enough new electrical generation to retire nearly 20 percent of our dirty coal-fired plants and create a significant number of new jobs. 
So if we are interested in reversing 
the dangers of climate change and cre-ating jobs, I would urge Senators to support this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, the 
sponsor of this bill knows that I, too, am a supporter of solar, and I think we all are, but it is important to recognize what this measure would do. When we are talking about the benefits to this country and how much it will cost, it is important to understand this. 
When this was first introduced in the 
110th Congress, the goal of 10 million solar roofs legislation was too costly, but we have since seen decreased costs and growth in the solar industry that have made this Federal assistance un-necessary. We have seen the residential solar market grow, we have seen the costs drop. The cost of the solar sys-tems have dropped about 60 percent in the last 4 years. Despite these trends, we are not close to reaching that 1 mil-lion mark let alone the 10 million in-stallations. So the real question is, How much is this going to cost us to achieve? 
The proposed rebate per system is 
the lesser of 15 percent of the initial capital cost. This puts the Federal Government on the hook for up to $100 billion to pay for these installations. 
We can debate the merits of jobs and 
job creation, but I again urge my col-leagues to oppose the Sanders amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
has expired. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Sanders amendment. 
Ms. STABENOW. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 40, 
nays 58, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 33 Leg.] 
YEAS—40 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—58 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. CORKER. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 15, offered by the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
RUZ. 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, this 
amendment would expedite the export of liquid natural gas and would provide countries that are members of the WTO the same expedited process that is cur-rently available to free-trade agree-
ment countries. 
There are now in the Department of 
Energy some 28 applications pending to export liquid natural gas. This should be an amendment that would bring to-gether Republicans and Democrats. A recent study showed that allowing us to export LNG could create as many as 450,000 new jobs by 2035 that could produce GDP growth of up to an addi-tional $73.6 billion and produce 76,000 more manufacturing jobs. It would aid our allies such as Ukraine, the Baltics, and Europe, and would weaken coun-tries such as Russia that would use natural gas for economic blackmail. 
I would urge all Senators to support 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. The amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Texas is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:57 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.035 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S569 January 28, 2015 
drafted so broadly that it allows just 
about every nation which is a member of the World Trade Organization to automatically receive natural gas ex-ported from the United States of Amer-ica. The process is just eliminated— automatic. 
What will that do? No. 1, it will in-
crease prices to American consumers. The Energy Information Agency has al-ready determined that the LNG export facilities already approved are going to lead to a 50-percent increase in the price of natural gas here in America. It would jeopardize American manufac-turing which has seen 700,000 new jobs created in the last 5 years in America largely because of low-priced natural gas. It is going to increase carbon pol-lution because it is going to slow the pace of change from coal over to nat-ural gas in the generation of elec-tricity. It is going to undermine our trade negotiations because it is all going to be given away here on the Senate floor. And, finally, it is going to harm our national security, because if we converted one-third of our trucks and buses, it backs out all the oil that we import from the Persian Gulf by using natural gas in American vehicles. We are going to ship jobs along with that gas going overseas. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Cruz amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is on agreeing to amendment No. 15 offered by the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
RUZ. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 53, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 34 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker 
Boxer Brown Cantwell 
Cardin Carper Casey 
Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar 
Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I move to 
lay that motion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 125 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 125, offered by the Senator from Or-egon, Mr. M
ERKLEY . 
The Senator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 125 WITHDRAWN  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Merkley amendment No. 125 be withdrawn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 73, offered by the Senator from Kansas, Mr. M
ORAN . 
The Senator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, the U.S. 
Fish and Wildlife Service has deter-mined that the lesser prairie chicken should be listed in a number of States, including Kansas, as a threatened spe-cies. The lesser prairie chicken has had a significant history in our State and a significant population of birds, but as a result of a drought, the habitat for the lesser prairie chicken and other wild-life has been diminished and the num-ber of birds has decreased. 
The consequences of listing the lesser 
prairie chicken that results from a drought is so dramatic and so dam-aging to the Kansas economy and to the farmers and ranchers and the use of their lands, to the oil and gas industry and the exploration of oil and gas, and to the utility industry in regard to the production and transmission of elec-tricity that this amendment is nec-essary to set aside that listing as a threatened species and to allow inter-est holders in Kansas to come together and find a commonsense solution based upon sound science to protect the habi-tat of this bird. 
This is not just a Kansas issue, and in 
fact, this species is only the precursor to problems others will have in their States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. The Senator from New Mexico. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I rise 
today to oppose the Moran amendment, which would delist the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species. 
To be clear, I appreciate some of the 
concerns about this listing by farmers, ranchers, and industry. I am concerned about any unintended consequences this listing may have on rural New Mexicans. I strongly support and I as-
sume the Senator from Kansas sup-ports the bipartisan five-State effort for a thorough review. 
The Fish and Wildlife Service took 
numerous steps in this process to re-spond to all stakeholders and to enable habitat conservation and economic growth. New Mexico has been and con-tinues to be a leader in cooperative conservation in places where the prai-rie chicken is found. Ranchers and oil and gas industries deserve their praise for their efforts. So it is working and the sky is not falling, but we should not take this top-down political ap-proach. Listing and delisting of the species by Congress goes against the intent of the law, which requires the government to make these decisions based on science, not politics. 
I urge my colleagues to vote no. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Moran amendment. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B AR-
RASSO ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 54, 
nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 35 Leg.] 
YEAS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker 
Boxer Brown Cantwell 
Cardin Carper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.038 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S570 January 28, 2015 
Casey 
Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar 
Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders 
Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 148 
Under the previous order, there is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 148, offered by the Sen-ator from Rhode Island, Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE . 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
the underlying measure benefits spe-cific investors, specific corporations, and pushes regulatory approval of a specific project. In that sense, it has all the earmarks of the biggest earmark ever. 
We have learned from other history 
with earmarks that when you have a project that benefits specific investors and specific corporations and specific entities, there is a valuable premium on having the public know about the campaign contributions relative to that project. 
This bill requires the disclosure of 
over $10,000 in campaign contributions from entities that will make more than $1 million off this project. It is the type of transparency that many of my Re-publican colleagues had been for before they were against it. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
this amendment is virtually identical to the text of what we saw last year. It was tabled by a vote of 52 to 43. This amendment is not relevant to this de-bate. It is as unnecessary now as it was the first time we voted on it. 
To the extent it is legal for a person 
or a company to make a campaign con-tribution, Federal and State election laws require public disclosure of those campaign contributions. Any other more general political activities a com-pany or a person may choose to engage in are governed by existing laws and regulations as well. For that reason, I am going to be opposing this amend-ment for a second time and would en-courage my colleagues to do as well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 148. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. The clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and the Sen-
ator from Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 44, 
nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 36 Leg.] 
YEAS—44 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cruz 
Reid Rubio 
Sessions 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. VITTER. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 132 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 132, offered by the Senator from Mon-tana, Mr. D
AINES . 
The Senator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, my 
amendment simply expresses the sense of Congress that all future national monument designations should be sub-ject to consultation with local govern-ments and the approval of the Gov-ernor and legislature of the States in which such designation would occur. This amendment ensures that the peo-ple affected most by these designations have a seat at the table and their 
voices are heard. 
The current administration, as well 
as past administrations—both Repub-lican and Democratic—have made ef-forts to stretch the intent of the Antiq-uities Act, threatening Montanans’ ability to manage our State’s re-sources. 
It is a trend we are seeing. Any bill 
designation that impacts land manage-ment should be locally driven, not spearheaded in Washington. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, 
speaking in opposition to this amend-ment, there is a reason why they call it a national monument. That is because it is a national process, and it is a na-tional decision. 
Yes, Presidents of the United States 
consult with Governors and consult with State legislators, but they are not required to have a bill or the authority of the Governor before they make a na-tional monument. 
Nearly half of our national parks, in-
cluding the Grand Canyon and Olympic National Park, were designated under this Antiquities Act. Sixteen Presi-dents—eight Republicans and eight Democrats—have designated over 130 national monuments since Teddy Roo-sevelt signed this act in 1906. 
I think it has worked well for the 
United States of America. Please turn down this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 132, the Daines amendment. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Sen-
ator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L EE). 
Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 50, 
nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 37 Leg.] 
YEAS—50 
Barrasso 
Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford 
Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.005 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S571 January 28, 2015 
Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan Thune 
Tillis Toomey Vitter 
Wicker 
NAYS—47 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cornyn Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. CRUZ. I move to lay that motion 
on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 115 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 115, offered by the Senator from Dela-ware, Mr. C
OONS . 
The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, we need 
to take steps now to prepare for the coming impact of climate change on our Nation’s infrastructure. 
The Federal Government plays a cru-
cial role in protecting our infrastruc-ture and partnering with State and Federal, tribal, and local governments to prepare. 
The Federal Government, including 
our Pentagon and the highway admin-istration, is already planning and pre-paring for these impacts. Many States are as well. From my home State of Delaware to Alaska to Florida, all are already planning responsibly for the fu-ture impacts of climate change. Pre-paring now is only responsible, because every dollar invested in planning and preparing is projected to save us up to $4 in future disaster relief. 
This amendment is supported by a 
number of organizations—the Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers, the Na-tional Wildlife Federation, the Union of Concerned Scientists, and others. 
This amendment does not speak to 
the human role in climate change or emissions. It simply acknowledges that climate change is having an impact on our infrastructure and suggests that planning is responsible. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
had a conversation with our colleague from Delaware, and I told him I think this is an area where we might be able 
to work together. 
I had actually introduced an amend-
ment that deals with the adaptation that helps to assist those communities that have been affected by climate. We see that up in the coastline of Alaska. Senator M
ERKLEY has an amendment 
that also deals with adaptation. This is about resilience. 
I am going to oppose the sense-of- 
the-Senate at this time because of some of the language. I get a little con-fused or am not certain we are stating it in the right manner. But I do think this process has been healthy in the sense that by having an opportunity to have amendments come forward, we find out where there might be areas where we can work to develop future initiatives that we all might be able to support on a bipartisan basis. I look forward to working with the Senator from Delaware. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 47, 
nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 38 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell 
Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan 
Thune Tillis 
Toomey Vitter 
Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mrs. BOXER. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 35, offered by the Senator from Maine, Ms. C
OLLINS . 
The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the 
Senator from Virginia, Mr. W
ARNER , 
and I are offering an amendment that would help school officials to learn about existing Federal programs to im-prove energy efficiency in order to re-duce school energy costs. It would not authorize any new programs or any new funding. It would simply require a review of existing Federal programs and require the Department of Energy to establish a coordinating structure so that schools can more easily navigate the many programs that are scattered across the Federal Government. 
I know of no opposition to the 
amendment. To try to make life easier for my colleagues, if it is acceptable to the managers, I would be happy to ac-cept a voice vote. 
I don’t know if my colleague from 
Virginia has any comments he would like to make. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I agree 
with the Senator from Maine, and I would urge a voice vote as well. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
thank both Senators, and I ask unani-mous consent that the 60-vote affirma-tive threshold on the Collins amend-ment be vitiated, and I urge its adop-tion by voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Is there any further debate on the 
Collins amendment No. 35? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the amendment. 
The amendment (No. 35) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 120, offered by the Senator from Dela-ware, Mr. C
ARPER . 
The Senator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 WITHDRAWN  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Carper amendment No. 120 be withdrawn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.007 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S572 January 28, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 166 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 166, offered by the Senator from Alas-ka, Ms. M
URKOWSKI . 
The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
have had an opportunity to speak on this amendment several different times. Effectively, what we are doing is releasing wilderness study areas if within 1 year of receiving the rec-ommendation Congress has not yet des-ignated the study area as wilderness. 
Effectively, what is happening is des-
ignations will come from the adminis-tration. Congress is the entity that is to approve them. But in the interim these areas are managed as de facto wilderness. In fact, many areas have been managed as de facto wilderness for decades because the Congress has not acted. 
So simply, what we do in this amend-
ment is to put a time period. Until the Congress makes a final determination on the wilderness study area, these areas will be determined not to be wil-derness and not managed as such. But they are putting a time parameter on that so that they are not managed as wilderness areas indefinitely. 
I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote from my 
colleagues. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, this 
is a sweeping attack on millions of acres of land recommended for wilder-ness. This would nullify much of the Obama administration’s plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and would also immediately abolish wilder-ness studies on BLM lands in 12 West-ern States. It would also abolish pro-tection for 2.3 million acres in national wildlife refuges. These lands have been refuges, and they should be managed accordingly. So I would ask my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Mur-kowski Amendment No. 166. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 50, 
nays 48, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 39 Leg.] 
YEAS—50 
Barrasso 
Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—48 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I move 
to lay that motion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 133 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 133, offered by the Senator from North Dakota, Ms. H
EITKAMP . 
The Senator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, this 
amendment will provide a sense of the Senate that we will provide some cer-tainty to the American wind and other renewable industries by taking a look at the production tax credits and actu-ally having a forward progress report so that they know exactly what the rules will be in the future, however short or long that may be. Every year, as we do the tax extenders, there are people waiting to find out if they still have a job. People in my State are waiting to know whether they are going to be put to work the next day or even the next week based on what this Congress does. It is so critical that we actually have predictability in this in-dustry. 
This is a jobs bill, and it is an energy 
bill. I can’t imagine anything more germane to the Keystone XL Pipeline than a bill that provides both jobs and certainty to an ‘‘all of the above’’ es-sential, which is wind. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time? The Senator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. I be-lieve we do need more certainty, and the certainty ought to be that it is time for this tax credit—particularly the wind PTC—to expire. This was en-acted 23 years ago as a temporary tax measure. There has been a lot of wind that has blown since that time, and we have a mature industry. In fact, the other day the President said we are No. 1 in the world in wind power. 
We ought to have more certainty, 
and the certainty that needs to be there is that the tax credit is going to end and that we stop picking winners and losers in the energy economy. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
would like to speak on Amendment No. 133, offered by Senator H
EITKAMP of 
North Dakota. The amendment is a sense of Congress that the renewable electricity tax credit should be ex-tended for 5 years. While I supported the amendment, I would like to express my concerns regarding the consider-ation of this amendment at this time. 
I have been an outspoken supporter 
of renewable energy for many years. In fact, I first authored the wind produc-tion tax credit in 1992 to drive this re-newable energy technology. I have worked for many years to provide as much certainty as possible to grow the domestic wind industry. Iowa has seen an enormous investment in wind en-ergy manufacturing and wind farm de-velopment. I know firsthand the boom- and-bust cycle that exists for renew-able energy producers when Congress fails to extend these critically impor-tant tax incentives. 
But I also know this credit won’t go 
on forever. It was never meant to, and it shouldn’t. In 2012 the wind industry was the only industry to put forward a phaseout plan. A number of my col-leagues here in the Senate have been working to construct a responsible, multiyear phaseout of the wind tax credit. That is why I am somewhat puz-zled by an amendment that suggests a 5-year extension of this credit. It seems disconnected with reality. 
I would remind my colleagues on the 
other side that in November of 2014, the House offer on tax extenders included a multiyear extension of the wind pro-duction tax credit that would have pro-vided the certainty and soft landing that most of us and the industry sup-port, but President Obama issued a veto threat before the ink was dry, and as a result the wind incentive expired. 
Again, I strongly support wind en-
ergy, but I support a prudent way for-ward on an extension of the production tax credit. This amendment fails ter-ribly in that regard. That is why I am disappointed that the Senator from North Dakota insisted on going for-ward with a 5-year extension on this bill. This is not a real effort to extend the wind incentive. I am afraid this was simply a politically motivated ef-fort designed to score political points. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.050 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S573 January 28, 2015 
It is unfortunate that in this case, poli-
ticking has trumped efforts to achieve sound, responsible policy. 
Rather than offer ‘‘gotcha’’ amend-
ments on an unrelated bill, we should be working together to craft an exten-sion of these important tax incentives that work for the wind industry, that are realistic politically, and that make sense for the American taxpayer. That effort requires regular order, working through the Finance Committee, to de-termine the most prudent path for-ward. It should be done in the context of comprehensive tax reform, where all energy tax provisions are on the table, rather than as a sense of the Congress on the unrelated Keystone XL bill. 
I hope that with this political exer-
cise behind us, those of us who seek to ensure a responsible transition for the wind production tax credit can get to work and achieve a sensible policy for those who depend on it. It is too bad that this ill-timed, ill-conceived amendment may have actually harmed those efforts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PERDUE ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 47, 
nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 40 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Grassley Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines 
Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin 
McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan 
Thune Tillis 
Toomey Vitter 
Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. HATCH. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 48 offered by the Senator from New York, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND . 
The Senator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. As it stands now, gas companies in this country do not have to comply with the Safe Drinking Water Act—the law that keeps our tapwater clear, safe, and clean. 
For decades now, this loophole has 
exempted hydrofracking and gas stor-age companies from this law, even though every other energy industry, including oil and coal industries, is le-gally obligated to comply. If big coal can comply with this law, so can gas companies. 
This special exemption is unfair, it is 
unnecessary, and it is unsafe. My amendment would finally remove it from the law. I urge my colleagues not to let this chance pass us by. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
claiming the 1 minute in opposition. As the Senator from New York has de-scribed, this would apply to the re-quirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act to underground ejection of natural gas. Currently the Safe Drinking Water Act expressly prohibits this applica-tion. 
This amendment to add the require-
ments to the Safe Drinking Water Act is beyond the scope of the immediate Keystone debate. We are debating the approval of a pipeline that is going to carry oil, not gas. If the Senator from New York wants to debate the issues of fracking—most certainly those issues are before the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee, and the Safe Drinking Water Act—I would welcome a stand-alone bill. We will have those discussions, but on this measure I would oppose and encourage Members to vote against the Gillibrand amend-ment. 
I would remind Members we are so 
close to wrapping up this series of amendments. If we can ask the folks to 
stick around for these final few and keep to the 10-minute line. I know Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN is looking to encourage 
the women of the Senate to gather for a meal later on, and that would be im-portant for us. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to Gillibrand amendment No. 48. 
The yeas and nays have been pre-
viously ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 35, 
nays 63, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 41 Leg.] 
YEAS—35 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—63 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I move to lay that 
motion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pend-ing Murkowski substitute, as amended, be considered original text for the pur-poses of further amendment. 
I ask unanimous consent that when 
the Senate resumes consideration of S. 1 tomorrow, Thursday, January 29, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.047 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S574 January 28, 2015 
there be 15 minutes equally divided in 
the usual form and the Senate proceed to vote on the following amendments in the order listed: Barrasso No. 245; Cardin No. 124; Burr No. 92, as modi-fied; Daines No. 246; Vitter No. 80, as further modified with the changes at the desk; Udall No. 77; further, that all amendments on this list be subject to a 60-vote affirmative threshold for adop-tion and that no second-degrees be in order to any of the pending amend-ments to this bill. I ask unanimous consent that there be 2 minutes of de-bate equally divided between each vote and that all votes after the first in this series be 10-minute votes. 
I further ask that once these amend-
ments have been disposed of, the Sen-ate agree to proceed to the motion to reconsider the failed cloture vote on S. 1; that the motion to reconsider be agreed to and the Senate proceed to vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, upon reconsideration. I ask consent that if cloture is invoked on the bill, as amended, all time postcloture be considered expired at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 80), as further 
modified, is as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE l—OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF 
OIL AND GAS LEASING REVENUE 
SEC. l01. REVENUE SHARING FROM OUTER CON-
TINENTAL SHELF WIND ENERGY PRODUCTION FACILITIES. 
The first sentence of section 8(p)(2)(B) of 
the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1337(p)(2)(B)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘27 percent’’ the following: ‘‘, or, begin-ning in fiscal year 2016, in the case of projects for offshore wind energy production facilities, 37.5 percent’’. 
SEC. l02. OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF LEASING 
PROGRAM REFORMS. 
Section 18(a) of the Outer Continental 
Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1344(a)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5)(A) In each oil and gas leasing program 
under this section, the Secretary shall make available for leasing and conduct lease sales including at least 50 percent of the available unleased acreage within each outer Conti-nental Shelf planning area (other than the North Aleutian Basin planning area or the North Atlantic planning area) considered to have the largest undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources (on a total btu basis) based on the most recent national geologic assessment of the outer Continental Shelf, with an emphasis on offering the most geologically prospective parts of the plan-ning area. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall include in each 
proposed oil and gas leasing program under this section any State subdivision of an outer Continental Shelf planning area (other than the North Aleutian Basin planning area or the North Atlantic planning area) that the Governor of the State that represents that subdivision requests be made available for leasing. The Secretary may not remove such a subdivision from the program until publication of the final program, and shall include and consider all such subdivisions in any environmental review conducted and statement prepared for such program under section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)). ‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘available 
unleased acreage’ means that portion of the outer Continental Shelf that is not under lease at the time of a proposed lease sale, and that has not otherwise been made un-available for leasing by law. 
‘‘(6)(A) In the 5-year oil and gas leasing 
program, the Secretary shall make available for leasing any outer Continental Shelf plan-ning area (other than the North Aleutian Basin planning area or the North Atlantic planning area) that— 
‘‘(i) is estimated to contain more than 
2,500,000,000 barrels of oil; or 
‘‘(ii) is estimated to contain more than 
7,500,000,000,000 cubic feet of natural gas. 
‘‘(B) To determine the planning areas de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall use the document entitled ‘Minerals Management Service Assessment of Undis-covered Technically Recoverable Oil and Gas Resources of the Nation’s Outer Continental Shelf, 2006’.’’. 
SEC. l03. DISPOSITION OF REVENUES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 102 of the Gulf of 
Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(11) as paragraphs (6) through (12), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) C
OASTAL STATE .—The term ‘coastal 
State’ means— 
‘‘(A) each of the Gulf producing States; and ‘‘(B) effective for fiscal year 2016 and each 
fiscal year thereafter— 
‘‘(i) the State of Alaska; and ‘‘(ii) for leasing in the Atlantic planning 
areas, each of the States of Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Vir-ginia.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (10) (as so redesignated), 
by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified 
outer Continental Shelf revenues’ means— 
‘‘(i) with respect to the Gulf producing 
States, in the case of fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter, all rentals, royal-ties, bonus bids, and other sums due and pay-able to the United States received on or after October 1, 2016, from leases entered into on or after December 20, 2006; 
‘‘(ii) with respect to each of the coastal 
States described in paragraph (5)(B)(ii), all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums due and payable to the United States from leases entered into in the Atlantic planning areas on or after October 1, 2015; and 
‘‘(iii) with respect to the State of Alaska, 
in the case of fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums due and payable to the United States received on or after October 1, 2021, from leases entered into on or after March 1, 2005.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (11) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘Gulf producing State’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘coastal State’’. 
(b) D
ISPOSITION OF REVENUES .—Section 105 
of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘FROM 181 AREA, 181 SOUTH AREA, AND 
2002–2007 PLANNING AREAS OF GULF OF MEXICO ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘Gulf producing State’’ 
each place it appears (other than paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b)) and inserting ‘‘coastal State’’; 
(3) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) 50 percent of qualified outer Conti-
nental Shelf revenues in a special account in the Treasury from which the Secretary shall disburse— 
‘‘(A) in the case of qualified outer Conti-
nental Shelf revenues generated from outer Continental Shelf areas adjacent to Gulf pro-ducing States— 
‘‘(i) 75 percent to Gulf producing States in 
accordance with subsection (b); and 
‘‘(ii) 25 percent to provide financial assist-
ance to States in accordance with section 200305 of title 54, United States Code, which shall be considered income to the Land and Water Conservation Fund for purposes of sec-tion 200302 of that title; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of qualified outer Conti-
nental Shelf revenues generated from outer Continental Shelf areas adjacent to coastal States described in section 102(5)(B), 100 per-cent to the coastal States in accordance with 
subsection (b).’’; 
(4) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘G
ULF PRODUCING STATES ’’ and inserting 
‘‘COASTAL STATES ’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) A LLOCATION AMONG CERTAIN ATLANTIC  
STATES AND THE STATE OF ALASKA FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2016 AND THEREAFTER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), effective for fiscal years 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter, the amount made available under subsection (a)(2)(B) shall be allocated to each coastal State described in section 102(5)(B) in amounts (based on a for-mula established by the Secretary by regula-tion) that are inversely proportional to the respective distances between the point on the coastline of each coastal State described in section 102(5)(B) that is closest to the geo-graphic center of the applicable leased tract and the geographic center of the leased tract. 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION .—The amount 
allocated to a coastal State described in sec-tion 102(5)(B) each fiscal year under subpara-graph (A) shall be at least 10 percent of the amounts available under subsection (a)(2)(B).’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (3)’’; and 
(5) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph 
(1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the total amount of qualified outer Conti-nental Shelf revenues made available to coastal States under subsection (a)(2) shall not exceed— 
‘‘(A) in the case of the coastal States de-
scribed in section 102(5)(A)— 
‘‘(i) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(ii) $520,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iii) $525,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2019 and 2020; 
‘‘(iv) $575,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2021 through 2025; and 
‘‘(v) $699,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2026 
through 2055; 
‘‘(B) in the case of the coastal States de-
scribed in section 102(5)(B)(ii)— 
‘‘(i) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 
through 2020; 
‘‘(ii) $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 
through 2025; 
‘‘(iii) $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2026 through 2055; and 
‘‘(iv) $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2056 through 2065; and 
‘‘(C) in the case of the State of Alaska— ‘‘(i) $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 
through 2025; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.058 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S575 January 28, 2015 
‘‘(ii) $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2026 
through 2055; and 
‘‘(iii) $199,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2056 through 2065.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
think Members have been given the outline for tomorrow morning that will take us through a final vote on cloture so that we can get to final passage of the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
I appreciate the consideration and 
the courtesy of all Members. It has been a long day. We have worked 
through about a dozen additional amendments, if my count is correct, and we have done it in pretty good order. We have done it while there have been a number of committee meetings going on, which can be very disruptive, but I think with the level of coopera-tion we have had, we will be able to conclude our business at a relatively civilized hour this evening. 
I appreciate the good work of my 
partner and ranking member Senator C
ANTWELL in getting us to this place. I 
am hopeful that with the number of amendments we have outlined for the morning and then the handful of ger-mane amendments we will have in the afternoon, we will be able to move on to other business before the Senate. But I thank my colleagues for all of the effort and cooperation we have had to this point. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to thank my colleague from Alas-ka for her hard work in getting us through this process. I think our col-leagues can see the daylight to fin-ishing this up tomorrow, hopefully. I know Members have worked across the aisle on some of these remaining issues, and we are still trying to work a few of them out. So hopefully tomor-row will go as smoothly as today has. 
I would like to turn now to my col-
league from New Mexico to call up his amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 
(Purpose: To establish a renewable elec-
tricity standard, and for other purposes) 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment so that I may call up my amendment No. 77. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Mexico [Mr. 
UDALL ], for himself, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. 
BENNET , proposes an amendment numbered 
77. 
Mr. UDALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of January 20, 2015, under 
‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, let me 
just say to the two leaders on the floor who have participated in this open amendment process that I really appre-ciate the way Chairwoman Murkowski and Ranking Member C
ANTWELL have 
worked through this bill. I really ap-preciate all their help. 
I have heard, at least on our side of 
the aisle, over and over that this is the way the Senate should be moving, this is the way we should be working. So I think all of us are very appreciative of how the two managers of the bill have worked together. 
I thank my colleagues, and I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I thank our col-
league for his kind comments. We do have one more consent request here very briefly. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
order of votes on the Burr and the Daines amendments be reversed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. With that, Mr. 
President, I again thank Members for their cooperation today and look for-ward to yet another productive day to-morrow. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I want 
to express my appreciation to the bill managers for their hard work today and for their efforts in the work that was done in a bipartisan way on this legislation. I know both the bill man-agers have spent an awful lot of time putting together these amendments, and I think they have really bent over backward to make sure Members on both sides of the aisle have had an op-portunity to file their amendments, to make those amendments pending, and to get votes on the amendments. So I would like to express my appreciation to both of them for all the work they have done and for the process today in voting on amendments. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, yesterday 
the Congressional Budget Office—the CBO—released its budget and economic outlook showing the forecast through 2025. It should strike fear in the heart of anybody who is concerned about this country’s financial future. 
The very short-term news is good. 
The deficit is projected to fall—but only for another 2 years. In 2017 the deficit is projected to start rising again to $1.1 trillion in 10 years. That is the annual deficit. By 2025 the deficit will be 4 percent of our overall economy. 
Right now the country’s debt in cu-
mulative deficits over the years—the cumulative debt—is $18 trillion. This year we will pay about $277 billion just servicing that debt. That amount might seem low, but it is because of ar-tificially low interest rates. In 10 years 
we will pay about $827 billion a year just to service the debt. That is 3 per-cent of our economy just to pay inter-est on the debt. That is unsustainable. 
Don’t take my word for it, though. 
You can take CBO’s. They said: 
Such large and growing Federal debt would 
have serious negative consequences, includ-ing increasing Federal spending for interest payments; restraining economic growth in the long term; giving policymakers less flexibility to respond to unexpected chal-lenges; and eventually heightening the risk of a financial crisis. 
I have been working on these issues— 
this issue in particular—for a long time, and I have to admit that some-
times it is tough to get people to focus on this topic. But we shouldn’t be fooled and patting ourselves on the back just because we have done things such as getting rid of earmarks. That is a good thing, but it is certainly in-sufficient to address our spending. 
The culture in Washington is still the 
culture of runaway spending, not just in earmarks, as I said, not just in wasteful spending. For example, spend-ing on Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid will nearly double over the next decade alone. This is not a rev-enue problem that we are having. Pro-jected revenues will exceed their 50- year historical average of 17 percent of GDP this year and will grow to over 18 percent of the economy in this decade. 
The culture of spending in Wash-
ington is something that defies logic, defies math and an honest assessment of who we are as a country. As a result, the United States is fast becoming a once-prosperous nation. We don’t want that designation. It is truly a fright-ening distinction. Yet too few in Wash-ington are motivated to get this coun-try’s fiscal house in order. One has to wonder how bad it is going to have to get to prod those who are not yet moti-vated. 
Some will argue that we need to take 
baby steps to address our fiscal crisis. I think we are well past that time, but whatever kinds of steps we take, we need to take them now. We need to turn this culture of spending in Wash-ington to one that will fully repair our economy. That will give the private sector the stability and confidence to create jobs. We also need to reform our cumbersome Tax Code. Most of all, we need to relieve future generations of the burden of our financial mess. 
In short, it is well past time to start 
climbing our way out of this fiscal hole we are in. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am here now for the 87th consecutive week the Senate has been in session to urge action on climate change. 
We have had an interesting couple of 
weeks on the Keystone Pipeline, but from a climate change and carbon pol-lution point of view, this would obvi-ously not be helpful. Indeed, it would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.012 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S576 January 28, 2015 
be a disaster leading to as much as 27 
million—27 million—metric tons of ad-ditional carbon dioxide emitted per year. To put that number into some perspective, that is the equivalent of adding 6 million cars and trucks to our roads for 50 years. So it is a very con-siderable carbon price to pay. 
We have seen a poster used on the 
Senate Floor that says it will have no environmental effect. That is not pre-cisely true. Indeed, precisely the oppo-site is true. This is the environmental effect it will have, and it is consider-able. The report referred to went on to say that it would be offset by the fact that this fuel would go out by rail any-way. But that offset was conditioned on a fuel price above $75 per barrel of oil, and we are at $50. So there is no way that conclusion can stand, and the underlying fact is what prevails—27 million metric tons of additional car-bon dioxide. 
It is obviously very bad from an envi-
ronmental perspective. It is a lot of ‘‘not much’’ from a jobs perspective. Every 4 days we add more jobs than the construction of this pipeline just through the economic recovery that is taking place. 
This is a little bit hard to explain, 
particularly when you think that this bill is going to be dead on arrival at the White House. We have known from the beginning that this is going to be vetoed. But it has allowed the oil and the fossil fuel industry to show their hands. This is all being done on behalf of a foreign oil company and on behalf of the fossil fuel industry. 
When we look at what we have been 
through in the past couple of days, there are some interesting choices the Senate has made if you are a foreign oil company. If you are a foreign oil company, we will let you use eminent domain to extinguish the property rights of farmers and ranchers and take their farms and ranches away. If you are a foreign oil company, we will exempt you from the oilspill recovery fund—the Federal excise tax on petro-leum—so you don’t have to pay the taxes American companies have to pay. If you are a foreign oil company, we will not require you to use American steel in a pipeline being built across America being touted as a source of American jobs. If you are a foreign oil company, we won’t require you to sell it in the American market even though it is touted as a product that will help balance America’s energy portfolio. 
So, so far, not much good to show for 
all of this but one thing, and that is that this exercise has at last brought the issue of climate change to the floor of the Senate. 
We have not had much debate about 
climate change since the Citizens United decision back in 2010 allowed the fossil fuel industry to cast a very long shadow of intimidation across this body. They spend a huge amount of the money that has been freed up by Citi-zens United. They spend a huge amount of dark money that flows post Citizens United. And since then, the Republican 
Party has been virtually muzzled on that subject. So having Republicans talk about climate change on the Sen-ate floor was something of a revela-tion, and I don’t think we should un-derestimate the importance of that or undervalue what was said. 
The senior Senator from North Caro-
lina came to the floor and said this: 
The concept that climate change is real, I 
completely understand and accept. To the point of how much man is contributing, I don’t know, but it does make sense that man-made emissions are contributing. 
. . . the greenhouse gas effect seems to me 
scientifically sound. The problem is that how you fix this globally is going to require more than just the U.S. being involved. 
Which I think we all agree with. 
The senior Senator from Alaska, who 
is our chairman of the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee and the floor manager on this very bill, agreed, stating that she hopes we can all, quoting her, get beyond the discussion as to whether or not climate change is real and talk about what do we do. 
I look forward to that discussion 
about what do we do. It is not enough just to say, OK, we finally concede that climate change is really happening. We really do have to get on to what do we do. 
Even if you disagree with me that 
climate change is real and very signifi-cant and consequential for our coun-try, if you will spot me that there is just a 10-percent chance that I am right—even just a 2-percent chance that I am right—when we consider the possible harms, it is something that grownup adults and responsible people ought to take a look at and come to-gether and decide what to do. 
We have been through some very no-
table benchmarks. We hit for the first time last year 400 parts per million of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere for more than 3 months. They have been tracking this in Hawaii, at the top of the mountain at the Mauna Loa lab-oratory for decades now, and 400 parts per million for more than 3 months is a new record. 
To put that in context: For as long as 
human beings have been on this planet, all the way back to when we were liv-ing in caves, the range of carbon in the atmosphere has been 170 to 300 parts per million. So we are well outside the range that has been our comfortable safe range for human habitation of this planet during our entire human experi-ence, and 400 is a big move when our entire range is only 130 points and now we are 100 parts per million out of that. 
Some of this lands in the oceans. The 
oceans have absorbed about a quarter of all our carbon emissions. We can measure their pH level. This isn’t com-plicated. This isn’t something we have to do with elaborate computer models. 
What we see is that the pH level of 
the oceans is changing rapidly. The oceans are acidifying rapidly. When I say rapidly, they are acidifying at a rate that we have not seen in 25 to per-haps 30 or 50 million years. Indeed, some studies say nothing like this has 
been seen on the face of the Earth for as long as 300 million years. When we consider that our species has been around for about 200,000 years, that is a pretty long window to be launching new and dramatic changes in our oceans. 
There is nothing new about the 
science that supports this. John Tyn-dall wrote the first report about the greenhouse gas effect to the British Academy of Sciences in 1861. The pages who are here and have studied history will know that 1861 was the year Presi-dent Lincoln took office. So the sci-entific community has been aware of the greenhouse gas phenomenon since Abraham Lincoln was driving up and down Pennsylvania Avenue in a car-riage with his top hat on. 
There is not much new that is there, 
and the latest data is clearer and clear-er that we just continue apace to warm the planet. 
Professor Jonathan Overpeck is at 
the University of Arizona, and Arizona is certainly feeling the heat. Professor Overpeck said: 
The global warmth of 2014 is just another 
reminder that the planet is warming and warming fast. . . . Humans, and their burn-ing of fossil fuels, are dominating the Earth’s climate system like never before. 
It is equally clear, when we look at 
the oceans, they not only absorb a lot of the carbon dioxide and acidify as a result—they absorb most of the heat. In fact, they absorb 90 percent of the excess heat that has been trapped by the greenhouse gases that we have flooded our atmosphere with. 
I certainly see that in Rhode Island, 
where Narragansett Bay’s mean winter water temperature is up 3 to 4 degrees Fahrenheit since we had our big hurri-cane of 1938. That is significant, be-cause it means more likely storms. It is associated with sea level rise. We have 10 more inches of sea level at the Newport Naval Station. So if the 1938 hurricane were to repeat itself now, it would have 10 more inches of sea to hammer against our shores. And that is not a complicated measure, either. We 
do that with thermometers. 
So since the Industrial Revolution, 
human beings have dumped 2 trillion metric tons of carbon dioxide into the air and into the atmosphere. Said an-other way, that is 2,000 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide. 
The notion that has no effect, when 
we have known since Abraham Lin-coln’s day that carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas, and when we put that much in and when we can measure that it is at 400 for the first time in human history—connect the dots. How much does it take? It is really pretty obvi-ous. 
Folks who remain skeptical—well, I 
know, I am not a scientist. I get that. So ask one. That is all I request. And I don’t think that is too much to ask of colleagues. And, by the way, do me one favor. You can ask the scientist that you please, but please don’t ask a sci-entist who is in the pay of the fossil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.060 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S577 January 28, 2015 
fuel and the denial industry. There are 
a bunch of them who are out there. They turn up at all the usual denial conferences. They write in the denial journals. They take money from the denial organizations that all have fos-sil fuel industry funding behind them. Go to someplace neutral. 
For instance, go to your own State 
university, like the University of Ari-zona or the University of Oklahoma. The dean of the relevant department at the University of Oklahoma signed the IPCC report and started Climate Cen-tral. Ask your own university. Ask any major scientific organization. All the major recognized scientific organiza-tions in the United States of America are on board, agree that this is real, agree that this is important, agree that it is vital, and believe that we are actu-ally near the tipping point that may make the damage irrecoverable. 
If you don’t want to go to your home 
State university and if you don’t want to go to America’s major scientific so-cieties, try NOAA and NASA. 
Think about NASA for a moment. As 
I give this speech, there is a Rover that is the size of an SUV being driven around on the surface of Mars. We built a Rover, shot it to Mars, landed it safe-ly, and are now driving it around. Do we think those scientists might actu-ally know something? Do we think they might know what they are talk-ing about? Do we think they might merit our confidence? So ask them and see what they say. 
Or, if you want, ask some of Amer-
ica’s leading corporations. If you are from Arkansas, go and ask Walmart. They will tell you. If you are from Georgia, go and ask Coca-Cola. They will tell you. This is not hard to dis-cover once you get away from that lit-tle stable of denial scientists who are so closely affiliated with the fossil fuel industry. 
I do this every week because we have 
the arrogance so often here to think how much our laws—the laws that we pass—matter. But the laws that we pass are passing things. They come and they go. They have their time. They are repealed, they are replaced, they fall into desuetude. 
But some laws last, and those are the 
laws that God laid down upon this Earth that guide its operations. Those are the laws of physics, the laws of chemistry, the laws of biology, the law of gravity. We cannot repeal those laws. We must face their consequences. And we know the consequences of con-tinuing to emit gigatons of carbon di-oxide into our planet is going to launch us into an environment in which the habitability of Earth as we have known it will be put into question. 
History makes its judgments about 
every generation. If we do not take calm and reasonable and sensible pre-cautions about this obvious known and 
admitted risk, then when that risk comes home to roost, we will be duly shamed. 
So let us avoid that. Let us get to 
work. Let us take advantage of the opening that the distinguished senior 
Senator from Alaska and the distin-guished senior Senator from South Carolina have opened for us, and let us do what is right by our country and by the judgment that we can anticipate from history. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BEN RICHMOND 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to pay tribute to a great Ken-tuckian and a man who has dedicated his entire career to promoting civil rights and helping people. My good friend Ben Richmond, the longtime president and CEO of the Louisville Urban League, recently announced his impending retirement from that posi-tion. Mr. Richmond has served as presi-dent and CEO of the Louisville Urban League for nearly 30 years—since 1987. 
Mr. Richmond is a civil rights cham-
pion who has led a venerable civil rights institution such as the Louis-ville Urban League to new heights. Under his tenure, the Louisville Urban League has promoted job training and education for many in Louisville’s Af-rican-American community. His body of work is so outstanding that in 2007 he received from the city the Dr. Mar-tin Luther King Jr. Freedom Award, a recognition for a local activist who is dedicated to King’s principles and who has promoted peace, equality, and jus-tice. 
Since Mr. Richmond took over the 
Louisville Urban League, the staff has grown from around 20 to 30 and the an-nual budget grown from under $1 mil-lion to around $3.3 million. Mr. Rich-mond is the driving force for fund-raising for the budget. 
The Louisville Urban League placed 
more than 200 people in jobs last year with a combined annual income of nearly $5 million. It helped about 1,000 prepare for finding employment through career expos, job training, re-ferrals, and career counseling. It also has many programs to help youth and seniors. 
The Louisville Urban League is near-
ly halfway towards realizing their goal of seeing 15,000 local African Americans earn college degrees between 2012 and 2020. Mr. Richmond oversaw the Louis-
ville Urban League’s move to a new headquarters in 1990. And under Mr. Richmond’s tenure, the Louisville Urban League was just one of 13 Urban League affiliates nationwide to receive a top score in a self-audit required by the National Urban League. 
I should add my interest in the Urban 
League is personal—my father once served on the board of the Louisville Urban League. I believe he knew Ben Richmond. We are lucky, that after his retirement, Mr. Richmond plans on staying in Louisville. Our city can con-tinue to benefit from his wisdom and experience. 
I want to wish my good friend Mr. 
Ben Richmond all the best in retire-ment, and I ask my Senate colleagues to join me in congratulating Ben for his successful tenure at the helm of the Louisville Urban League. The city of Louisville and the State of Kentucky have certainly benefitted immeas-urably by his many efforts over the decades. 
The Louisville Courier-Journal news-
paper recently published an article ex-tolling Mr. Ben Richmond’s many ac-complishments. I ask unanimous con-sent that said article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Courier-Journal, Jan. 21, 2015] 
URBAN LEAGUE CEO R ICHMOND RETIRING  
(By Sheldon S. Shafer) 
Ben Richmond, a cornerstone of local so-
cial activism for more than a quarter cen-tury and a major advocate of economic equality, is retiring as president and CEO of the Louisville Urban League. 
Richmond announced his impending retire-
ment at an Urban League board meeting Tuesday, after serving as head of the civil- rights organization since 1987. 
Under the leadership of Richmond, a main-
stay in the push to improve economic devel-opment in western Louisville, the Urban League has long been dedicated to promoting job training and education, primarily for Louisville’s poorer citizens. 
Richmond ‘‘has been one of the anchors for 
diversity and for stability in not only the Af-rican-American community but the overall Louisville community,’’ said Raoul Cunningham, Louisville NAACP president. ‘‘I am going to miss Ben, his counsel and his cooperative spirit.’’ 
Richmond ‘‘has become known around the 
country for innovative and groundbreaking approaches to helping residents improve their quality of life,’’ said Dan Hall, a Uni-versity of Louisville vice president and the Urban League board chairman. ‘‘He is in-tensely passionate about helping individuals find a pathway to success.’’ 
Richmond received Louisville Metro’s Dr. 
Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Award in 2007, an annual recognition given by the city to a local activist dedicated to King’s prin-ciples and who has promoted peace, equality and justice. 
Then-Mayor Jerry Abramson said at the 
time that ‘‘over his decades of leadership, countless lives have been improved through Ben’s tireless efforts in workforce develop-ment, housing and youth programs.’’ 
The national Urban League was founded in 
1910, and the Louisville agency in 1921. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.062 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S578 January 28, 2015 
local league was set up chiefly to help rural 
black Southerners who had moved to Louis-ville after World War I. 
The Louisville Urban League under Rich-
mond has greatly expanded its reach. It placed about 250 people in jobs last year and helped around 1,000 more prepare for finding employment. The league’s career-develop-ment efforts range from helping job seekers draft resumes to mock job interviews. 
In recent times the league has sponsored 
Saturday morning enrichment classes for children. And it has found buyers for dozens of new single-family homes built on vacant or abandoned property under its Project Re-bound program in Russell, helping to trans-form the surrounding neighborhood. 
League efforts annually include career 
expos; job training, referrals and career counseling; a variety of services for employ-ers; homeownership training and counseling; a health and wellness program called Get Fit Louisville; a walk to defeat childhood obe-sity; and a long list of programs to help both youths and seniors in many ways. 
Benjamin K. Richmond, 71 and single, was 
born in Durham, N.C., and raised in Jackson, Miss. 
Richmond came to the Louisville Urban 
League as president and CEO in 1987, after top jobs with league affiliates in Wisconsin and Michigan. Richmond here replaced the league’s longtime leader, the late Art Wal-ters. Walters, who died in 2010 at age 91, di-rected the Louisville Urban League from 1970 to 1987. 
Since Richmond took over, the league’s 
staff has grown from around 20 to 30—also aided by dozens of volunteers—and its an-nual budget has grown from under $1 million to around $3.3 million this year. The funds have been cobbled together largely by Rich-mond—from Metro United Way and numer-ous public and private sources. 
The current budget, for instance, includes 
about $340,000 from United Way, less than $100,000 from Metro Government and a $1.2 million federal grant earmarked primarily for programs for seniors. 
The league has several departments, in-
cluding the Center for Workforce Develop-ment, the Center for Housing and Financial Empowerment and the Center for Youth De-velopment and Education. 
Richmond said in an interview Monday 
that he expects to remain on the job until around June 30, or until a replacement is named by the agency’s board, after a planned national search. He said he may then stay on under a contract for a while longer. 
Richmond intends to stay in Louisville, 
while traveling some to visit relatives in Mississippi and Arizona. 
But he pledges to remain active, noting 
that ‘‘there are many opportunities in both the public and private sectors here. I will see what emerges. But I want to have fun.’’ 
Among many achievements during his ten-
ure, Richmond cited: 
Opening the league headquarters in 1990 at 
1535 W. Broadway, a 19,000–square-foot office, community meeting site, classroom and job- training facility. The league invested $1.6 million in the headquarters, which was paid off long ago. Richmond said the league head-quarters has spurred significant nearby de-velopment along Broadway. 
The economic impact of the league in 
terms of finding jobs for more than 200 peo-ple last year. Their combined annual income should be nearly $5 million. 
Richmond noted that in recent years the 
league helped find jobs for dozens of minori-ties in construction of the KFC Yum! Center, and he said the league was instrumental in getting the PGA of America to establish an urban youth golf program and also hire top staff minorities. That a halfway point has nearly been 
reached toward a goal—shared with partner organizations such as Simmons College and Jefferson Community and Technical Col-lege—to have 15,000 local African-Americans earn college degrees between 2012 and 2020. The minority effort is part of the commu-nity’s 55,000 Degrees effort. 
That the league last year received a top 
score in a self-audit—a review of its staff, policies, finances and procedures—required every three years by the National Urban League. The Louisville agency was just one of 13 affiliates of the national organization to achieve that status, Richmond said. 
Richmond said he is proud that under his 
oversight the local league has attained fi-nancial stability, adding that he believes his organized is widely respected. 
Under Richmond, the league has become 
more diversified. About half of its 36–mem-ber board and about half the staff are white. Richmond said he has strived to ‘‘practice what we preach—racial diversity.’’ 
Richmond ‘‘has been a tremendous leader,’’ 
said Metro Councilman David Tandy, D–4th District. ‘‘There is still work to do, but he has been at the forefront of the second, or third, wave of the civil-rights movement, fo-cusing on economic opportunity. ... He has played a pivotal role in the community.’’ 
Richmond ‘‘has tried to create opportuni-
ties and meet challenges our community has faced,’’ said longtime ally Sam Watkins, president of the Louisville Central Commu-nity Center, another West End-based, pro-de-velopment group. 
‘‘He’s been a champion for west Louisville 
and has been proactive in trying to garner desperately needed attention for the area’s issues and problems.’’ 
f 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, 
NUTRITION AND FORESTRY 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, the 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry has adopted rules gov-erning its procedures for the 114th Con-gress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, para-graph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Sen-ator S
TABENOW , I ask unanimous con-
sent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON AGRI-
CULTURE, NUTRITION AND FORESTRY 
RULE I —MEETINGS  
1.1 Regular Meetings.—Regular meetings 
shall be held on the first and third Wednes-day of each month when Congress is in ses-sion. 
1.2 Additional Meetings.—The Chairman, 
in consultation with the ranking minority member, may call such additional meetings as he deems necessary. 
1.3 Notification.—In the case of any meet-
ing of the committee, other than a regularly scheduled meeting, the clerk of the com-mittee shall notify every member of the committee of the time and place of the meet-ing and shall give reasonable notice which, except in extraordinary circumstances, shall be at least 24 hours in advance of any meet-ing held in Washington, DC, and at least 48 hours in the case of any meeting held outside Washington, DC. 
1.4 Called Meeting.—If three members of 
the committee have made a request in writ-ing to the Chairman to call a meeting of the 
committee, and the Chairman fails to call such a meeting within 7 calendar days there-after, including the day on which the written notice is submitted, a majority of the mem-bers may call a meeting by filing a written notice with the clerk of the committee who shall promptly notify each member of the committee in writing of the date and time of the meeting. 
1.5 Adjournment of Meetings.—The Chair-
man of the committee or a subcommittee shall be empowered to adjourn any meeting of the committee or a subcommittee if a quorum is not present within 15 minutes of the time scheduled for such meeting. 
RULE 2 —MEETINGS AND HEARINGS IN GENERAL  
2.1 Open Sessions.—Business meetings and 
hearings held by the committee or any sub-committee shall be open to the public except as otherwise provided for in Senate Rule XXVI, paragraph 5. 
2.2 Transcripts.—A transcript shall be kept 
of each business meeting and hearing of the committee or any subcommittee unless a majority of the committee or the sub-committee agrees that some other form of permanent record is preferable. 
2.3 Reports.—An appropriate opportunity 
shall be given the Minority to examine the proposed text of committee reports prior to their filing or publication. In the event there are supplemental, minority, or additional views, an appropriate opportunity shall be given the Majority to examine the proposed text prior to filing or publication. 
2.4 Attendance.—(a) Meetings. Official at-
tendance of all markups and executive ses-sions of the committee shall be kept by the committee clerk. Official attendance of all subcommittee markups and executive ses-sions shall be kept by the subcommittee clerk. 
(b) Hearings. Official attendance of all 
hearings shall be kept, provided that, Sen-ators are notified by the committee Chair-man and ranking minority member, in the case of committee hearings, and by the sub-committee Chairman and ranking minority member, in the case of subcommittee hear-ings, 48 hours in advance of the hearing that attendance will be taken. Otherwise, no at-tendance will be taken. Attendance at all hearings is encouraged. 
RULE 3 —HEARING PROCEDURES  
3.1 Notice.—Public notice shall be given of 
the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be held by the committee or any subcommittee at least 1 week in advance of such hearing unless the Chairman of the full committee or the subcommittee determines that the hearing is noncontroversial or that special circumstances require expedited pro-cedures and a majority of the committee or the subcommittee involved concurs. In no case shall a hearing be conducted with less than 24 hours notice. 
3.2 Witness Statements.—Each witness who 
is to appear before the committee or any subcommittee shall file with the committee or subcommittee, at least 24 hours in ad-vance of the hearing, a written statement of his or her testimony and as many copies as the Chairman of the committee or sub-committee prescribes. 
3.3 Minority Witnesses.—In any hearing 
conducted by the committee, or any sub-committee thereof, the minority members of the committee or subcommittee shall be en-titled, upon request to the Chairman by the ranking minority member of the committee or subcommittee to call witnesses of their selection during at least 1 day of such hear-ing pertaining to the matter or matters heard by the committee or subcommittee. 
3.4 Swearing in of Witnesses.—Witnesses in 
committee or subcommittee hearings may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.013 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S579 January 28, 2015 
required to give testimony under oath when-
ever the Chairman or ranking minority member of the committee or subcommittee deems such to be necessary. 
3.5 Limitation.—Each member shall be 
limited to 5 minutes in the questioning of any witness until such time as all members who so desire have had an opportunity to question a witness. Questions from members shall rotate from majority to minority mem-bers in order of seniority or in order of ar-rival at the hearing. 
RULE 4 —NOMINATIONS  
4.1 Assignment.—All nominations shall be 
considered by the full committee. 
4.2 Standards.—In considering a nomina-
tion, the committee shall inquire into the nominee’s experience, qualifications, suit-ability, and integrity to serve in the position to which he or she has been nominated. 
4.3 Information.—Each nominee shall sub-
mit in response to questions prepared by the committee the following information: 
(1) A detailed biographical resume which 
contains information relating to education, employment, and achievements; 
(2) Financial information, including a fi-
nancial statement which lists assets and li-abilities of the nominee; and 
(3) Copies of other relevant documents re-
quested by the committee. Information re-ceived pursuant to this subsection shall be available for public inspection except as spe-cifically designated confidential by the com-mittee. 
4.4 Hearings.—The committee shall con-
duct a public hearing during which the nomi-nee shall be called to testify under oath on all matters relating to his or her suitability for office. No hearing shall be held until at least 48 hours after the nominee has re-sponded to a prehearing questionnaire sub-mitted by the committee. 
4.5 Action on Confirmation.—A business 
meeting to consider a nomination shall not occur on the same day that the hearing on the nominee is held. The Chairman, with the agreement of the ranking minority member, may waive this requirement. 
RULE 5 —QUORUMS  
5.1 Testimony—For the purpose of receiv-
ing evidence, the swearing of witnesses, and the taking of sworn or unsworn testimony at any duly scheduled hearing, a quorum of the committee and the subcommittee thereof shall consist of one member. 
5.2 Business.—A quorum for the trans-
action of committee or subcommittee busi-ness, other than for reporting a measure or recommendation to the Senate or the taking of testimony, shall consist of one-third of the members of the committee or sub-committee, including at least one member from each party. 
5.3 Reporting.—A majority of the member-
ship of the committee shall constitute a quorum for reporting bills, nominations, matters, or recommendations to the Senate. No measure or recommendation shall be or-dered reported from the committee unless a majority of the committee members are physically present. The vote of the com-mittee to report a measure or matter shall require the concurrence of a majority of those members who are physically present at the time the vote is taken. 
RULE 6 —VOTING  
6.1 Rollcalls.—A roll call vote of the mem-
bers shall be taken upon the request of any member. 
6.2 Proxies.—Voting by proxy as authorized 
by the Senate rules for specific bills or sub-jects shall be allowed whenever a quorum of the committee is actually present. 
6.3 Polling.—The committee may poll any 
matters of committee business, other than a vote on reporting to the Senate any meas-
ures, matters or recommendations or a vote on closing a meeting or hearing to the pub-lic, provided that every member is polled and every poll consists of the following two ques-tions: 
(1) Do you agree or disagree to poll the pro-
posal; and 
(2) Do you favor or oppose the proposal. If any member requests, any matter to be 
polled shall be held for meeting rather than being polled. The chief clerk of the com-mittee shall keep a record of all polls. 
RULE 7 —SUBCOMMITTEES  
7.1 Assignments.—To assure the equitable 
assignment of members to subcommittees, no member of the committee will receive as-signment to a second subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members of the com-mittee have chosen assignments to one sub-committee, and no member shall receive as-signment to a third subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members have chosen assignments to two subcommittees. 
7.2 Attendance.—Any member of the com-
mittee may sit with any subcommittee dur-ing a hearing or meeting but shall not have the authority to vote on any matter before the subcommittee unless he or she is a mem-ber of such subcommittee. 
7.3 Ex Officio Members.—The Chairman 
and ranking minority member shall serve as nonvoting ex officio members of the sub-committees on which they do not serve as voting members. The Chairman and ranking minority member may not be counted to-ward a quorum. 
7.4 Scheduling.—No subcommittee may 
schedule a meeting or hearing at a time des-ignated for a hearing or meeting of the full committee. No more than one subcommittee business meeting may be held at the same time. 
7.5 Discharge.—Should a subcommittee fail 
to report back to the full committee on any measure within a reasonable time, the Chair-man may withdraw the measure from such subcommittee and report that fact to the full committee for further disposition. The full committee may at any time, by major-ity vote of those members present, discharge a subcommittee from further consideration of a specific piece of legislation. 
7.6 Application of Committee Rules to Sub-
committees.—The proceedings of each sub-committee shall be governed by the rules of the full committee, subject to such author-izations or limitations as the committee may from time to time prescribe. 
RULE 8 —INVESTIGATIONS , SUBPOENAS AND  
DEPOSITIONS  
8.1 Investigations.—Any investigation un-
dertaken by the committee or a sub-committee in which depositions are taken or subpoenas issued, must be authorized by a majority of the members of the committee voting for approval to conduct such inves-tigation at a business meeting of the com-mittee convened in accordance with Rule 1. 
8.2 Subpoenas.—The Chairman, with the 
approval of the ranking minority member of the committee, is delegated the authority to subpoena the attendance of witnesses or the production of memoranda, documents, records, or any other materials at a hearing of the committee or a subcommittee or in connection with the conduct of an investiga-tion authorized in accordance with para-graph 8.1. The Chairman may subpoena at-tendance or production without the approval of the ranking minority member when the Chairman has not received notification from the ranking minority member of disapproval of the subpoena within 72 hours, excluding Saturdays and Sundays, of being notified of the subpoena. If a subpoena is disapproved by the ranking minority member as provided in this paragraph the subpoena may be author-
ized by vote of the members of the com-mittee. When the committee or Chairman authorizes subpoenas, subpoenas may be issued upon the signature of the Chairman or any other member of the committee des-ignated by the Chairman. 
8.3 Notice for Taking Depositions.—Notices 
for the taking of depositions, in an investiga-tion authorized by the committee, shall be authorized and be issued by the Chairman or by a staff officer designated by him. Such no-tices shall specify a time and place for exam-ination, and the name of the Senator, staff officer or officers who will take the deposi-tion. Unless otherwise specified, the deposi-tion shall be in private. The committee shall not initiate procedures leading to criminal or civil enforcement proceedings for a wit-ness’ failure to appear unless the deposition notice was accompanied by a committee sub-poena. 
8.4 Procedure for Taking Depositions.— 
Witnesses shall be examined upon oath ad-ministered by an individual authorized by local law to administer oaths. The Chairman will rule, by telephone or otherwise, on any objection by a witness. The transcript of a deposition shall be filed with the committee clerk. 
RULE 9 —AMENDING THE RULES  
These rules shall become effective upon 
publication in the Congressional Record. These rules may be modified, amended, or re-pealed by the committee, provided that all members are present or provide proxies or if a notice in writing of the proposed changes has been given to each member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken. The changes shall be-come effective immediately upon publication of the changed rule or rules in the Congres-sional Record, or immediately upon approval of the changes if so resolved by the com-mittee as long as any witnesses who may be affected by the change in rules are provided with them. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDU-
CATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, in 
accordance with rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I submit for publication the Rules of Procedure for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, as unanimously adopted by the committee on January 28, 2015. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
text of the Rules of Procedure be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, 
LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
UNITED STATES SENATE 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Rule 1. —Subject to the provisions of rule 
XXVI, paragraph 5, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, regular meetings of the com-mittee shall be held on the second and fourth Wednesday of each month, at 10:00 a.m., in room SD–430, Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing. The chairman may, upon proper notice, call such additional meetings as he may deem necessary. 
Rule 2. —The chairman of the committee or 
of a subcommittee, or if the chairman is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.015 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S580 January 28, 2015 
present, the ranking majority member 
present, shall preside at all meetings. The chairman may designate the ranking minor-ity member to preside at hearings of the committee or subcommittee. 
Rule 3. —Meetings of the committee or a 
subcommittee, including meetings to con-duct hearings, shall be open to the public ex-cept as otherwise specifically provided in subsections (b) and (d) of rule 26.5 of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
Rule 4. —(a) Subject to paragraph (b), one- 
third of the membership of the committee, actually present, shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of transacting business. Any quorum of the committee which is composed of less than a majority of the members of the committee shall include at least one member of the majority and one member of the mi-nority. 
(b) A majority of the members of a sub-
committee, actually present, shall con-stitute a quorum for the purpose of transacting business: provided, no measure or matter shall be ordered reported unless such majority shall include at least one member of the minority who is a member of the subcommittee. If, at any subcommittee meeting, a measure or matter cannot be or-dered reported because of the absence of such a minority member, the measure or matter shall lay over for a day. If the presence of a member of the minority is not then ob-tained, a majority of the members of the subcommittee, actually present, may order such measure or matter reported. 
(c) No measure or matter shall be ordered 
reported from the committee or a sub-committee unless a majority of the com-mittee or subcommittee is physically present. 
Rule 5. —With the approval of the chairman 
of the committee or subcommittee, one member thereof may conduct public hearings other than taking sworn testimony. 
Rule 6. —Proxy voting shall be allowed on 
all measures and matters before the com-mittee or a subcommittee if the absent member has been informed of the matter on which he is being recorded and has affirma-tively requested that he be so recorded. While proxies may be voted on a motion to report a measure or matter from the com-mittee, such a motion shall also require the concurrence of a majority of the members who are actually present at the time such action is taken. 
The committee may poll any matters of 
committee business as a matter of unani-mous consent; provided that every member is polled and every poll consists of the fol-lowing two questions: 
(1) Do you agree or disagree to poll the pro-
posal; and 
(2) Do you favor or oppose the proposal. Rule 7. —There shall be prepared and kept a 
complete transcript or electronic recording adequate to fully record the proceedings of each committee or subcommittee meeting or conference whether or not such meetings or any part thereof is closed pursuant to the specific provisions of subsections (b) and (d) of rule 26.5 of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, unless a majority of said members vote to forgo such a record. Such records shall contain the vote cast by each member of the committee or subcommittee on any question on which a ‘‘yea and nay’’ vote is demanded, and shall be available for inspection by any committee member. The clerk of the com-mittee, or the clerk’s designee, shall have the responsibility to make appropriate ar-rangements to implement this rule. 
Rule 8. —The committee and each sub-
committee shall undertake, consistent with the provisions of rule XXVI, paragraph 4, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, to issue public announcement of any hearing or exec-utive session it intends to hold at least one 
week prior to the commencement of such hearing or executive session. In the case of an executive session, the text of any bill or joint resolution to be considered must be provided to the chairman for prompt elec-tronic distribution to the members of the committee. 
Rule 9. —The committee or a subcommittee 
shall require all witnesses heard before it to file written statements of their proposed tes-timony at least 24 hours before a hearing, unless the chairman and the ranking minor-ity member determine that there is good cause for failure to so file, and to limit their oral presentation to brief summaries of their arguments. Testimony may be filed elec-tronically. The presiding officer at any hear-ing is authorized to limit the time of each witness appearing before the committee or a subcommittee. The committee or a sub-committee shall, as far as practicable, uti-lize testimony previously taken on bills and measures similar to those before it for con-sideration. 
Rule 10. —Should a subcommittee fail to re-
port back to the full committee on any measure within a reasonable time, the chair-man may withdraw the measure from such subcommittee and report that fact to the full committee for further disposition. 
Rule 11. —No subcommittee may schedule a 
meeting or hearing at a time designated for a hearing or meeting of the full committee. No more than one subcommittee executive meeting may be held at the same time. 
Rule 12. —It shall be the duty of the chair-
man in accordance with section 133(c) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended, to report or cause to be reported to the Senate, any measure or recommendation approved by the committee and to take or cause to be taken, necessary steps to bring the matter to a vote in the Senate. 
Rule 13. —Whenever a meeting of the com-
mittee or subcommittee is closed pursuant to the provisions of subsection (b) or (d) of rule 26.5 of the Standing Rules of the Senate, no person other than members of the com-mittee, members of the staff of the com-mittee, and designated assistants to mem-bers of the committee shall be permitted to attend such closed session, except by special dispensation of the committee or sub-committee or the chairman thereof. 
Rule 14. —The chairman of the committee 
or a subcommittee shall be empowered to ad-journ any meeting of the committee or a subcommittee if a quorum is not present within fifteen minutes of the time schedule for such meeting. 
Rule 15. — Whenever a bill or joint resolu-
tion shall be before the committee or a sub-committee for final consideration, the clerk shall distribute to each member of the com-mittee or subcommittee a document, pre-pared by the sponsor of the bill or joint reso-lution. If the bill or joint resolution has no underlying statutory language, the docu-ment shall consist of a detailed summary of the purpose and impact of each section. If the bill or joint resolution repeals or amends any statute or part thereof, the document shall consist of a detailed summary of the underlying statute and the proposed changes in each section of the underlying law and ei-ther a print of the statute or the part or sec-tion thereof to be amended or replaced show-ing by stricken-through type, the part or parts to be omitted and, in italics, the mat-ter proposed to be added, along with a sum-mary of the proposed changes; or a side-by- side document showing a comparison of cur-rent law, the proposed legislative changes, and a detailed description of the proposed changes. 
Rule 16. —An appropriate opportunity shall 
be given the minority to examine the pro-posed text of committee reports prior to 
their filing or publication. In the event there are supplemental, minority, or additional views, an appropriate opportunity shall be given the majority to examine the proposed 
text prior to filing or publication. Unless the chairman and ranking minority member agree on a shorter period of time, the minor-ity shall have no fewer than three business days to prepare supplemental, minority or additional views for inclusion in a com-mittee report from the time the majority makes the proposed text of the committee report available to the minority. 
Rule 17. —(a) The committee, or any sub-
committee, may issue subpoenas, or hold hearings to take sworn testimony or hear subpoenaed witnesses, only if such investiga-tive activity has been authorized by major-ity vote of the committee. 
(b) For the purpose of holding a hearing to 
take sworn testimony or hear subpoenaed witnesses, three members of the committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum: provided, with the concurrence of the chair-man and ranking minority member of the committee or subcommittee, a single mem-ber may hear subpoenaed witnesses or take sworn testimony. 
(c) The committee may, by a majority 
vote, delegate the authority to issue sub-poenas to the chairman of the committee or a subcommittee, or to any member des-ignated by such chairman. Prior to the issuance of each subpoena, the ranking mi-nority member of the committee or sub-committee, and any other member so re-questing, shall be notified regarding the identity of the person to whom it will be issued and the nature of the information sought and its relationship to the authorized investigative activity, except where the chairman of the committee or sub-committee, in consultation with the ranking minority member, determines that such no-tice would unduly impede the investigation. All information obtained pursuant to such investigative activity shall be made avail-able as promptly as possible to each member of the committee requesting same, or to any assistant to a member of the committee des-ignated by such member in writing, but the use of any such information is subject to re-strictions imposed by the rules of the Sen-ate. Such information, to the extent that it is relevant to the investigation shall, if re-quested by a member, be summarized in writing as soon as practicable. Upon the re-quest of any member, the chairman of the committee or subcommittee shall call an ex-ecutive session to discuss such investigative activity or the issuance of any subpoena in connection therewith. 
(d) Any witness summoned to testify at a 
hearing, or any witness giving sworn testi-mony, may be accompanied by counsel of his own choosing who shall be permitted, while the witness is testifying, to advise him of his legal rights. 
(e) No confidential testimony taken or con-
fidential material presented in an executive hearing, or any report of the proceedings of such an executive hearing, shall be made public, either in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless authorized by a majority of the members of the committee or sub-committee. 
Rule 18. —Presidential nominees shall sub-
mit a statement of their background and fi-nancial interests, including the financial in-terests of their spouse and children living in their household, on a form approved by the committee which shall be sworn to as to its completeness and accuracy. The committee form shall be in two parts— 
(I) information relating to employment, 
education and background of the nominee re-lating to the position to which the individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.016 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S581 January 28, 2015 
is nominated, and which is to be made pub-
lic; and, 
(II) information relating to financial and 
other background of the nominee, to be made public when the committee determines that such information bears directly on the nomi-nee’s qualifications to hold the position to which the individual is nominated. 
Information relating to background and fi-
nancial interests (parts I and II) shall not be required of nominees for less than full-time appointments to councils, commissions or boards when the committee determines that some or all of the information is not rel-evant to the nature of the position. Informa-tion relating to other background and finan-cial interests (part II) shall not be required of any nominee when the committee deter-mines that it is not relevant to the nature of the position. 
Committee action on a nomination, includ-
ing hearings or meetings to consider a mo-tion to recommend confirmation, shall not be initiated until at least five days after the nominee submits the form required by this rule unless the chairman, with the concur-rence of the ranking minority member, waives this waiting period. 
Rule 19. —Subject to statutory require-
ments imposed on the committee with re-spect to procedure, the rules of the com-mittee may be changed, modified, amended or suspended at any time; provided, not less than a majority of the entire membership so determine at a regular meeting with due no-tice, or at a meeting specifically called for that purpose. 
Rule 20. —When the ratio of members on the 
committee is even, the term ‘‘majority’’ as used in the committee’s rules and guidelines shall refer to the party of the chairman for purposes of party identification. Numerical requirements for quorums, votes and the like shall be unaffected. 
Rule 21. —First degree amendments must be 
filed with the chairman at least 24 hours be-fore an executive session. The chairman shall promptly distribute all filed amend-ments electronically to the members of the committee. The chairman may modify the filing requirements to meet special cir-cumstances with the concurrence of the ranking minority member. 
Rule 22. —In addition to the foregoing, the 
proceedings of the committee shall be gov-erned by the Standing Rules of the Senate and the provisions of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946, as amended. 
* * * * * 
GUIDELINES OF THE SENATE COMMITTEE ON  
HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , AND PENSIONS  
WITHRESPECT TO HEARINGS , MARKUP SES-
SIONS , ANDRELATED MATTERS  
HEARINGS  
Section 133A (a) of the Legislative Reorga-
nization Act requires each committee of the Senate to publicly announce the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing at least one week prior to the commencement of such hearing. 
The spirit of this requirement is to assure 
adequate notice to the public and other Members of the Senate as to the time and subject matter of proposed hearings. In the spirit of section 133A( a) and in order to as-
sure that members of the committee are themselves fully informed and involved in the development of hearings: 
1. Public notice of the date, place, and sub-
ject matter of each committee or sub-committee hearing should be inserted in the Congressional Record seven days prior to the commencement of such hearing. 
2. At least seven days prior to public notice 
of each committee or subcommittee hearing, the majority should provide notice to the minority of the time, place and specific sub-
ject matter of such hearing. 
3. At least three days prior to the date of 
such hearing, the committee or sub-committee should provide to each member a list of witnesses who have been or are pro-posed to be invited to appear. 
4. The committee and its subcommittee 
should, to the maximum feasible extent, en-force the provisions of rule 9 of the com-mittee rules as it relates to the submission of written statements of witnesses twenty- four hours in advance of a hearing. Witnesses will be urged to submit testimony even ear-lier whenever possible. When statements are received in advance of a hearing, the com-mittee or subcommittee (as appropriate) should distribute copies of such statements to each of its members. Witness testimony may be submitted and distributed electroni-cally. 
EXECUTIVE SESSIONS FOR THE PURPOSE OF  
MARKING UP BILLS  
In order to expedite the process of marking 
up bills and to assist each member of the committee so that there may be full and fair consideration of each bill which the com-mittee or a subcommittee is marking up the following procedures should be followed: 
1. Seven days prior to the proposed date for 
an executive session for the purpose of mark-ing up bills the committee or subcommittee (as appropriate) should provide written no-tice to each of its members as to the time, place, and specific subject matter of such session, including an agenda listing each bill or other matters to be considered and includ-ing: 
(a) a copy of each bill, joint resolution, or 
other legislative matter (or committee print thereof) to be considered at such executive session; and 
(b) a copy of a summary of the provisions 
of each bill, joint resolution, or other legis-lative matter to be considered at such execu-tive session including, whenever possible, an explanation of changes to existing law pro-posed to be made. 
2. Insofar as practical, prior to the sched-
uled date for an executive session for the purpose of marking up bills, the committee or a subcommittee (as appropriate) should provide each member with a copy of the printed record or a summary of any hearings conducted by the committee or a sub-committee with respect to each bill, joint resolution, or other legislative matter to be considered at such executive session. 
f 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging, having adopted rules governing its procedures for the 114th Congress, have a copy of their rules printed in the R
ECORD pursuant 
to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
Thank you for your consideration of 
this request. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING 
JURISDICTION AND AUTHORITY  
S. Res. 4, 104, 95th Congress, 1st Session (1977)1 
(a)(1) There is established a Special Com-
mittee on Aging (hereafter in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘special committee’’) which shall consist of nineteen Members. The Mem-bers and chairman of the special committee 
shall be appointed in the same manner and at the same time as the Members and chair-man of a standing committee of the Senate. After the date on which the majority and mi-nority Members of the special committee are initially appointed on or affect the effective date of title I of the Committee System Re-organization Amendments of 1977, each time a vacancy occurs in the Membership of the special committee, the number of Members of the special committee shall be reduced by one until the number of Members of the spe-cial committee consists of nine Senators. 
(2) For the purposes of paragraph 1 of rule 
XXV; paragraphs 1, 7(a)(1)–(2), 9, and 10(a) of rule XXVI; and paragraphs 1(a)–(d), and 2(a) and (d) of rule XXVII of the Standing Rules of the Senate; and the purposes of section 202(I) and (j) of the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1946, the special committee shall be treated as a standing committee of the Senate. 
(b)(1) It shall be the duty of the special 
committee to conduct a continuing study of any and all matters pertaining to problems and opportunities of older people, including, but not limited to, problems and opportuni-ties of maintaining health, of assuring ade-quate income, of finding employment, of en-gaging in productive and rewarding activity, of securing proper housing, and when nec-essary, of obtaining care or assistance. No proposed legislation shall be referred to such committee, and such committee shall not have power to report by bill, or otherwise have legislative jurisdiction. 
(2) The special committee shall, from time 
to time (but not less than once year), report to the Senate the results of the study con-ducted pursuant to paragraph (1), together with such recommendation as it considers appropriate. 
(c)(1) For the purposes of this section, the 
special committee is authorized, in its dis-cretion, (A) to make investigations into any matter within its jurisdiction, (B) to make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate, (C) to employ personnel, (D) to hold hearings, (E) to sit and act at any time or place during the sessions, recesses, and ad-journed periods of the Senate, (F) to require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance of witnesses and the production of correspond-ence books, papers, and documents, (G) to take depositions and other testimony, (H) to procure the serve of individual consultants 
or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(I) of the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1946, as amended) and (I) with the prior consent of the Government department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, to use on a reim-bursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
(2) The chairman of the special committee 
or any Member thereof may administer oaths to witnesses. 
(3) Subpoenas authorized by the special 
committee may be issued over the signature of the chairman, or any Member of the spe-cial committee designated by the chairman, and may be served by any person designated by the chairman or the Member signing the subpoena. 
(d) All records and papers of the temporary 
Special Committee on Aging established by Senate Resolution 33, Eighty-seventh Con-gress, are transferred to the special com-mittee. 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
159 Cong. Rec S1002 (daily ed. Feb. 28, 2013) 
I. C
ONVENING OF MEETINGS  
1. M EETINGS . The Committee shall meet to 
conduct Committee business at the call of the Chairman. The Members of the Com-mittee may call additional meetings as pro-vided in Senate Rule XXVI (3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.016 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S582 January 28, 2015 
2. NOTICE AND AGENDA : 
(a) W RITTEN OR ELECTRONIC NOTICE . The 
Chairman shall give the Members written or electronic notice of any Committee meeting, accompanied by an agenda enumerating the items of business to be considered, at least 5 days in advance of such meeting. 
(b) S
HORTENED NOTICE . A meeting may be 
called on not less than 24 hours notice if the Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting on shortened notice. An agenda will be fur-nished prior to such a meeting. 
3. P
RESIDING OFFICER . The Chairman shall 
preside when present. If the Chairman is not present at any meeting, the Ranking Major-ity Member present shall preside. 
II. C
ONVENING OF HEARINGS  
1. N OTICE . The Committee shall make pub-
lic announcement of the date, place and sub-ject matter of any hearing at least one week before its commencement. A hearing may be called on not less than 24 hours notice if the Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing on shortened notice. 
2. P
RESIDING OFFICER . The Chairman shall 
preside over the conduct of a hearing when present, or, whether present or not, may del-egate authority to preside to any Member of the Committee. 
3. W
ITNESSES . Witnesses called before the 
Committee shall be given, absent extraor-dinary circumstances, at least 48 hours no-tice, and all witnesses called shall be fur-nished with a copy of these rules upon re-quest. 
4. O
ATH. All witnesses who testify to mat-
ters of fact shall be sworn unless the Com-mittee waives the oath. The Chairman, or any Member, may request and administer the oath. 
5. T
ESTIMONY . At least 48 hours in advance 
of a hearing, each witness who is to appear before the Committee shall submit his or her testimony by way of electronic mail, in a format determined by the Committee and sent to an electronic mail address specified by the Committee, unless the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member determine that there is good cause for a witness’s failure to do so. A witness shall be allowed no more than five minutes to orally summarize his or her prepared statement. Officials of the fed-eral government shall file 40 copies of such statement with the clerk of the Committee 48 hours in advance of their appearance, un-less the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member determine there is good cause for noncompliance. 
6. C
OUNSEL . A witness’s counsel shall be 
permitted to be present during his testimony at any public or closed hearing or deposi-tions or staff interview to advise such wit-ness of his or her rights, provided, however, that in the case of any witness who is an offi-cer or employee of the government, or of a corporation or association, the Chairman may rule that representation by counsel from the government, corporation, or asso-ciation creates a conflict of interest, and that the witness shall be represented by per-sonal counsel not from the government, cor-poration, or association. 
7. T
RANSCRIPT . An accurate electronic or 
stenographic record shall be kept of the tes-timony of all witnesses in closed sessions and public hearings. Any witness shall be af-forded, upon request, the right to review that portion of such record, and for this pur-pose, a copy of a witness’s testimony in pub-lic or closed session shall be provided to the witness. Upon inspecting his or her tran-script, within a time limit set by the com-mittee clerk, a witness may request changes in testimony to correct errors of tran-
scription, grammatical errors, and obvious errors of fact. The Chairman or a staff officer designated by him shall rule on such request. 
8. I
MPUGNED PERSONS . Any person who be-
lieves that evidence presented, or comment made by a Member or staff, at a public hear-ing or at a closed hearing concerning which there have been public reports, tends to im-pugn his or her character or adversely affect his or her reputation may: 
(a) file a sworn statement of facts relevant 
to the evidence or comment, which shall be placed in the hearing record; and 
(b) request the opportunity to appear per-
sonally before the Committee to testify in his or her own behalf. 
9. M
INORITY WITNESSES . Whenever any 
hearing is conducted by the Committee, the Ranking Member shall be entitled to call at least one witness to testify or produce docu-ments with respect to the measure or matter under consideration at the hearing. Such re-quest must be made before the completion of the hearing or, if subpoenas are required to call the minority witnesses, no later than three days before the hearing. 
10. C
ONDUCT OF WITNESSES , COUNSEL AND  
MEMBERS OF THE AUDIENCE . If, during public 
or executive sessions, a witness, his or her counsel, or any spectator conducts him or herself in such a manner as to prevent, im-pede, disrupt, obstruct, or interfere with the orderly administration of such hearing the Chairman or presiding Member of the Com-mittee present during such hearing may re-quest the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, his representative or any law enforcement official to eject said person from the hearing room. 
III. C
LOSED SESSIONS AND CONFIDENTIAL  
MATERIALS  
1. P ROCEDURE . All meetings and hearings 
shall be open to the public unless closed. To close a meeting or hearing or portion there-of, a motion shall be made and seconded to go into closed discussion of whether the meeting or hearing will concern Committee investigations or matters enumerated in Senate Rule XXVI(5)(b). Immediately after such discussion, the meeting or hearing or portion thereof may be closed by a vote in open session of a majority of the Members of the Committee present. 
2. W
ITNESS REQUEST . Any witness called for 
a hearing may submit a written or an elec-tronic request to the Chairman no later than twenty-four hours in advance for his or her examination to be in closed or open session. The Chairman shall inform the Committee of any such request. 
3. C
ONFIDENTIAL MATTER . No record made 
of a closed session, or material declared con-fidential by a majority of the Committee, or report of the proceedings of a closed session, shall be made public, in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless specifically au-thorized by the Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member. 
IV. B
ROADCASTING  
1. C ONTROL . Any meeting or hearing open 
to the public may be covered by television, radio, or still photography. Such coverage must be conducted in an orderly and unob-trusive manner, and the Chairman may for good cause terminate such coverage in whole or in part, or take such other action to con-trol it as the circumstances may warrant. 
2. R
EQUEST . A witness may request of the 
Chairman, on grounds of distraction, harass-ment, personal safety, or physical discom-fort, that during his or her testimony cam-
eras, media microphones, and lights shall not be directed at him or her. 
V. Q
UORUMS AND VOTING  
1. R EPORTING . A majority shall constitute 
a quorum for reporting a resolution, rec-ommendation or report to the Senate. 2. C
OMMITTEE BUSINESS . A third shall con-
stitute a quorum for the conduct of Com-mittee business, other than a final vote on reporting, providing a minority Member is present. 
3. H
EARINGS . One Member shall constitute 
a quorum for the receipt of evidence, the swearing of witnesses, and the taking of tes-timony at hearings. 
4. P
OLLING : 
(a) S UBJECTS . The Committee may poll (1) 
internal Committee matters including those concerning the Committee’s staff, records, and budget; (2) Committee rules changes and (3) other Committee business which has been designated for polling at a meeting. 
(b) P
ROCEDURE . The Chairman shall cir-
culate polling sheets to each Member speci-fying the matter being polled and the time limit for completion of the poll. If any Mem-ber so requests in advance of the meeting, the matter shall be held for meeting rather than being polled. The clerk shall keep a record of polls. If the Chairman determines that the polled matter is one of the areas enumerated in Rule III(1), the record of the poll shall be confidential. Any Member may request a Committee meeting following a poll for a vote on the polled decision. 
VI. I
NVESTIGATIONS  
1. A UTHORIZATION FOR INVESTIGATIONS . All 
investigations shall be conducted on a bipar-tisan basis by Committee staff. Investiga-tions may be initiated by the Committee staff upon the approval of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member. Staff shall keep the Committee fully informed of the progress of continuing investigations, except where the Chairman and the Ranking Minor-ity Member agree that there exists tem-porary cause for more limited knowledge. 
2. S
UBPOENAS . The Chairman and Ranking 
Minority Member, acting together, shall au-thorize a subpoena. Subpoenas for the at-tendance of witnesses or the production of memoranda, documents, records, or any other materials shall be issued by the Chair-man, or by any other Member of the Com-mittee designated by him. Prior to the issuance of each subpoena, the Ranking Mi-nority Member, and any other Member so re-questing, shall be notified regarding the identity of the person to whom the subpoena will be issued and the nature of the informa-tion sought, and its relationship to the in-vestigation. 
3. I
NVESTIGATIVE REPORTS . All reports con-
taining findings or recommendations stem-ming from Committee investigations shall be printed only with the approval of a major-ity of the Members of the Committee. 
VII. D
EPOSITIONS AND COMMISSIONS  
1. N OTICE . Notices for the taking of deposi-
tions in an investigation authorized by the Committee shall be authorized and issued by the Chairman or by a staff officer designated by him. Such notices shall specify a time and place for examination, and the name of the staff officer or officers who will take the dep-osition. Unless otherwise specified, the depo-sition shall be in private. The Committee shall not initiate procedures leading to criminal or civil enforcement proceedings for a witness’s failure to appear unless the depo-sition notice was accompanied by a Com-mittee subpoena. 
2. C
OUNSEL . Witnesses may be accompanied 
at a deposition by counsel to advise them of their rights, subject to the provisions of Rule II(6). 
3. P
ROCEDURE . Witnesses shall be examined 
upon oath administered by an individual au-thorized by local law to administer oaths. Questions shall be propounded orally by Committee staff. Objections by the witnesses as to the form of questions shall be noted by the record. If a witness objects to a question 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.018 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S583 January 28, 2015 
and refuses to testify on the basis of rel-
evance or privilege, the Committee staff may proceed with the deposition, or may at that time or at a subsequent time, seek a ruling by telephone or otherwise on the objection from a Member of the Committee. If the Member overrules the objection, he or she may refer the matter to the Committee or the Member may order and direct the wit-ness to answer the question, but the Com-mittee shall not initiate the procedures lead-ing to civil or criminal enforcement unless the witness refuses to testify after he or she has been ordered and directed to answer by a Member of the Committee. 
4. F
ILING . The Committee staff shall see 
that the testimony is transcribed or elec-tronically recorded. 
5. C
OMMISSIONS . The Committee may au-
thorize the staff, by issuance of commis-sions, to fill in prepared subpoenas, conduct field hearings, inspect locations, facilities, or systems of records, or otherwise act on be-half of the Committee. Commissions shall be accompanied by instructions from the Com-mittee regulating their use. 
VIII. S
UBCOMMITTEES  
1. E STABLISHMENT . The Committee will op-
erate as a Committee of the Whole, reserving to itself the right to establish temporary subcommittees at any time by majority vote. The Chairman of the full Committee and the Ranking Minority Member shall be ex officio Members of all subcommittees. 
2. J
URISDICTION . Within its jurisdiction as 
described in the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, each subcommittee is authorized to con-duct investigations, including use of sub-poenas, depositions, and commissions. 
3. R
ULES . A subcommittee shall be gov-
erned by the Committee rules, except that its quorum for all business shall be one-third of the subcommittee Membership, and for hearings shall be one Member. 
IX. R
EPORTS  
Committee reports incorporating Com-
mittee findings and recommendations shall be printed only with the prior approval of a majority of the Committee, after an ade-quate period for review and comment. The printing, as Committee documents, of mate-rials prepared by staff for informational pur-poses, or the printing of materials not origi-nating with the Committee or staff, shall re-quire prior consultation with the minority staff; these publications shall have the fol-lowing language printed on the cover of the document: ‘‘Note: This document has been printed for informational purposes. It does not represent either findings or rec-ommendations formally adopted by the Com-mittee.’’ 
X. A
MENDMENT OF RULES  
The rules of the Committee may be amend-
ed or revised at any time, provided that not less than a majority of the Committee present so determine at a Committee meet-ing preceded by at least 3 days notice of the amendments or revisions proposed or via polling, subject to Rule V (4). 
f 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS 
AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship today adopted rules governing its procedures for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, para-graph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that the accompanying rules adopted by the 
Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES FOR THE U.S. SENATE COM-
MITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND EN-TREPRENEURSHIP FOR THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
JURISDICTION (ESTABLISHED IN THE SENATE  
STANDING RULES)  
Per Rule XXV(1) of the Standing Rules of 
the Senate: 
(1) Committee on Small Business and En-
trepreneurship to which committee shall be referred all proposed legislation, messages, petitions, memorials, and other matters re-lating to the Small Business Administration; 
(2) Any proposed legislation reported by 
such committee which relates to matters other than the functions of the Small Busi-ness Administration shall, at the request of the chairman of any standing committee having jurisdiction over the subject matter extraneous to the functions of the Small Business Administration, be considered and reported by such standing committee prior to its consideration by the Senate; and like-wise measures reported by other committees directly relating to the Small Business Ad-ministration shall, at the request of the Chair of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, be referred to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship for its consideration of any portion of the measure dealing with the Small Busi-ness Administration and be reported by this committee prior to its consideration by the Senate. 
(3) Such committee shall also study and 
survey by means of research and investiga-tion all problems of American small business enterprises, and report thereon from time to time. 
GENERAL SECTION  
All applicable provisions of the Standing 
Rules of the Senate, the Senate Resolutions, and the Legislative Reorganization Acts of 1946 and 1970 (as amended), shall govern the Committee. 
MEETINGS  
(a) The regular meeting day of the Com-
mittee shall be the first Thursday of each month unless otherwise directed by the Chair. All other meetings may be called by the Chair as he or she deems necessary, on 3 business days notice where practicable. If at least three Members of the Committee desire the Chair to call a special meeting, they may file in the office of the Committee a written request therefore, addressed to the Chair. Immediately thereafter, the Clerk of the Committee shall notify the Chair of such re-quest. If, within 3 calendar days after the fil-ing of such request, the Chair fails to call the requested special meeting, which is to be held within 7 calendar days after the filing of such request, a majority of the Committee Members may file in the Office of the Com-mittee their written notice that a special Committee meeting will be held, specifying the date, hour and place thereof, and the Committee shall meet at that time and place. Immediately upon the filing of such notice, the Clerk of the Committee shall no-tify all Committee Members that such spe-cial meeting will be held and inform them of its date, hour and place. If the Chair is not present at any regular, additional or special meeting, such member of the Committee as the Chair shall designate shall preside. For any meeting or hearing of the Committee, the Ranking Member may delegate to any Minority Member the authority to serve as 
Ranking Member, and that Minority Member shall be afforded all the rights and respon-sibilities of the Ranking Member for the du-ration of that meeting or hearing. Notice of any designation shall be provided to the Chief Clerk as early as practicable. 
(b) It shall not be in order for the Com-
mittee to consider any amendment in the first degree proposed to any measure under consideration by the Committee unless thir-ty written copies and an electronic copy, with a summary page attached, of such amendment has been delivered to the Clerk 
of the Committee at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Following receipt of all amend-ments, the Clerk shall disseminate the amendments to all Members of the Com-mittee. This subsection may be waived by agreement of the Chair and Ranking Member or by a majority vote of the members of the Committee. 
QUORUMS  
(a)(1) A majority of the Members of the 
Committee shall constitute a quorum for re-porting any legislative measure or nomina-tion. 
(2) One-third of the Members of the Com-
mittee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of routine business, provided that one Minority Member is present. The term ‘‘routine business’’ includes, but is not limited to, the consideration of legislation pending before the Committee and any amendments thereto, and voting on such amendments, and steps in an investigation including, but not limited to, authorizing the issuance of a subpoena. 
(3) In hearings, whether in public or closed 
session, a quorum for the asking of testi-mony, including sworn testimony, shall con-sist of one Member of the Committee. 
(b) Proxies will be permitted in voting 
upon the business of the Committee. A Mem-ber who is unable to attend a business meet-ing may submit a proxy vote on any matter, in writing, or through oral or written per-sonal instructions to a Member of the Com-mittee or staff. Proxies shall in no case be counted for establishing a quorum. 
NOMINATIONS  
In considering a nomination, the Com-
mittee shall conduct an investigation or re-view of the nominee’s experience, qualifica-tions, suitability, and integrity to serve in the position to which he or she has been nominated. In any hearings on the nomina-tion, the nominee shall be called to testify under oath on all matters relating to his or her nomination for office. To aid in such in-vestigation or review, each nominee may be required to submit a sworn detailed state-ment including biographical, financial, pol-icy, and other information which the Com-mittee may request. The Committee may specify which items in such statement are to be received on a confidential basis. 
HEARINGS  
(a)(1) The Chair of the Committee may ini-
tiate a hearing of the Committee on his or her authority or upon his or her approval of a request by any Member of the Committee. If such request is by the Ranking Member, a decision shall be communicated to the Rank-ing Member within 7 business days. Written notice of all hearings, including the title, a description of the hearing, and a tentative witness list shall be given at least 5 business days in advance, where practicable, to all Members of the Committee. 
(2) Hearings of the Committee shall not be 
scheduled outside the District of Columbia unless specifically authorized by the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member or by consent of a majority of the Committee. Such consent may be given informally, with-out a meeting, but must be in writing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.018 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S584 January 28, 2015 
(b)(1) Any Member of the Committee shall 
be empowered to administer the oath to any witness testifying as to fact. 
(2) The Chair and Ranking Member will ne-
gotiate the number of witnesses for each hearing, but in the absence of an agreement between the Chair and the Ranking Member the ratio between the majority and minority witnesses will be no less than 3–2 or 2–1 when a smaller panel is justified. Interrogation of witnesses at hearings shall be conducted on behalf of the Committee by Members of the Committee or such Committee staff as is au-thorized by the Chair or Ranking Minority Member. 
(3) Witnesses appearing before the Com-
mittee shall file with the Clerk of the Com-mittee a written statement of the prepared testimony at least two business days in ad-vance of the hearing at which the witness is to appear unless this requirement is waived by the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member. 
(c) Any witness summoned to a public or 
closed hearing may be accompanied by coun-sel of his or her own choosing, who shall be permitted while the witness is testifying to advise the witness of his or her legal rights. Failure to obtain counsel will not excuse the witness from appearing and testifying. 
(d) Subpoenas for the attendance of wit-
nesses or the production of memoranda, doc-uments, records, and other materials may be authorized by the Chair with the consent of the Ranking Minority Member or by the con-sent of a majority of the Members of the Committee. Such consent may be given in-formally, without a meeting, but must be in writing. The Chair may subpoena attendance or production without the consent of the Ranking Minority Member when the Chair has not received notification from the Rank-ing Minority Member of disapproval of the subpoena within 72 hours of being notified of the intended subpoena, excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays. Subpoenas shall be issued by the Chair or by the Member of the Committee designated by him or her. A sub-poena for the attendance of a witness shall state briefly the purpose of the hearing and the matter or matters to which the witness is expected to testify. A subpoena for the production of memoranda, documents, records, and other materials shall identify the papers or materials required to be pro-duced with as much particularity as is prac-ticable. 
(e) The Chair shall rule on any objections 
or assertions of privilege as to testimony or evidence in response to subpoenas or ques-tions of Committee Members and staff in hearings. 
(f) Testimony may be submitted to the for-
mal record for a period not less than two weeks following a hearing or roundtable, un-less otherwise agreed to by Chair and Rank-ing Member. 
DEPOSITIONS  
At the direction of the Chair, with notifi-
cation to the ranking minority member of not less than 72 hours, the staff is authorized to take depositions from witnesses. Such no-tices shall specify a time and place for exam-ination, and the name of the Senator, staff officer or officers who will take the deposi-tion. Any Committee member, or a member of the Committee staff designated by the Chair or ranking minority member, shall be given the opportunity to attend and partici-pate in the taking of any deposition. Wit-nesses at depositions shall be examined under oath administered by an individual au-thorized by law to administer oaths, or ad-ministered by any member of the Committee if one is present. The transcript of a deposi-tion shall be filed with the committee clerk. The transcript or any portion of the tran-script shall only be made public either by 
vote of the majority or at the direction of the Chair after notifying the ranking minor-ity member. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
(a) No confidential testimony taken by, or 
confidential material presented to, the Com-mittee in executive session, or any report of the proceedings of a closed hearing, or con-fidential testimony or material submitted pursuant to a subpoena, shall be made pub-lic, either in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless authorized by a majority of the Members. Other confidential material or testimony submitted to the Committee may be disclosed if authorized by the Chair with the consent of the Ranking Member. 
(b) Persons asserting confidentiality of 
documents or materials submitted to the Committee offices shall clearly designate them as such on their face. Designation of submissions as confidential does not prevent their use in furtherance of Committee busi-ness. 
MEDIA & BROADCASTING  
(a) At the discretion of the Chair, public 
meetings of the Committee may be televised, broadcasted, or recorded in whole or in part by a member of the Senate Press Gallery or an employee of the Senate. Any such person wishing to televise, broadcast, or record a Committee meeting must request approval of the Chair by submitting a written request to the Committee Office by 5 p.m. the day before the meeting. Notice of televised or broadcasted hearings shall be provided to the Ranking Minority Member as soon as prac-ticable. 
(b) During public meetings of the Com-
mittee, any person using a camera, micro-phone, or other electronic equipment may not position or use the equipment in a way that interferes with the seating, vision, or hearing of Committee members or staff on the dais, or with the orderly process of the meeting. 
SUBCOMMITTEES  
The Committee shall not have standing 
subcommittees. 
AMENDMENT OF RULES  
The foregoing rules may be added to, modi-
fied or amended; provided, however, that not less than a majority of the entire Member-ship so determined at a regular meeting with due notice, or at a meeting specifically called for that purpose. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, the 
Committee on Indian Affairs has adopt-ed rules governing its procedures for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AF-
FAIRS COMMITTEE RULES FOR THE 114
THCONGRESS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Rule 1. The Standing Rules of the Senate, 
Senate Resolution 4, and the provisions of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended by the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1970, as supplemented by these rules, are adopted as the rules of the Com-mittee to the extent the provisions of such 
Rules, Resolution, and Acts are applicable to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
MEETING OF THE COMMITTEE  
Rule 2. The Committee shall meet on 
Wednesday/Thursday while the Congress is in session for the purpose of conducting busi-ness, unless for the convenience of the Mem-bers, the Chairman shall set some other day for a meeting. Additional meetings may be called by the Chairman as he may deem nec-essary. 
OPEN HEARINGS AND MEETINGS  
Rule 3(a). Hearings and business meetings 
of the Committee shall be open to the public except when the Chairman by a majority vote orders a closed hearing or meeting. 
(b). Except as otherwise provided in the 
Rules of the Senate, a transcript or elec-tronic recording shall be kept of each hear-ing and business meeting of the Committee. 
HEARING PROCEDURE  
Rule 4(a). Public notice, including notice 
to Members of the Committee, shall be given of the date, place and subject matter of any hearing to be held by the Committee at least one week in advance of such hearing unless the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Vice Chairman, deter-mines that holding the hearing would be non-controversial or that special cir-cumstances require expedited procedures and a majority of the Committee Members at-tending concurs. In no case shall a hearing be conducted with less than 24 hours’ notice. 
(b). Each witness who is to appear before 
the Committee shall submit his or her testi-mony by way of electronic mail, at least 48 hours in advance of a hearing, in a format determined by the Committee and sent to an electronic mail address specified by the Com-mittee. 
(c). Each Member shall be limited to five 
(5) minutes of questioning of any witness until such time as all Members attending who so desire have had an opportunity to question the witness unless the Committee shall decide otherwise. 
BUSINESS MEETING AGENDA  
Rule 5(a). A legislative measure or subject 
shall be included in the agenda of the next following business meeting of the Committee if a written request by a Member for consid-eration of such measure or subject has been filed with the Chairman of the Committee at least one week prior to such meeting. Noth-ing in this rule shall be construed to limit the authority of the Chairman of the Com-mittee to include legislative measures or subjects on the Committee agenda in the ab-sence of such request 
(b). Any bill, resolution, or other matter to 
be considered by the Committee at a busi-ness meeting shall be filed with the Clerk of the Committee. Notice of, and the agenda for, any business meeting of the Committee, and a copy of any bill, resolution, or other matter to be considered at the meeting, shall be provided to each Member and made avail-able to the public at least three days prior to such meeting, and no new items may be added after the agenda is published except by the approval of a majority of the Members of the Committee. The notice and agenda of any business meeting may be provided to the Members by electronic mail, provided that a paper copy will be provided to any Member upon request. The Clerk shall promptly no-tify absent Members of any action taken by the Committee on matters not included in the published agenda. 
(c). Any amendment(s) to any bill or reso-
lution to be considered shall be filed with the Clerk not less than 48 hours in advance. This rule may be waived by the Chairman with the concurrence of the Vice Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.017 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S585 January 28, 2015 
QUORUM  
Rule 6(a). Except as provided in subsection 
(b), a majority of the Members shall con-stitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-ness of the Committee. Except as provided in Senate Rule XXVI 7(a), a quorum is pre-sumed to be present unless the absence of a quorum is noted by a Member. 
(b). One Member shall constitute a quorum 
for the purpose of conducting a hearing or taking testimony on any measure or matter before the Committee. 
VOTING  
Rule 7(a). A recorded vote of the Members 
shall be taken upon the request of any Mem-ber. 
(b). A measure may be reported without a 
recorded vote from the Committee unless an objection is made by a Member, in which case a recorded vote by the Members shall be required. A Member shall have the right to have his or her additional views included in the Committee report in accordance with Senate Rule XXVI 10. 
(c). A Committee vote to report a measure 
to the Senate shall also authorize the staff of the Committee to make necessary technical and conforming changes to the measure. 
(d). Proxy voting shall be permitted on all 
matters, except that proxies may not be counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum. Unless further limited, a proxy shall be exercised only for the date for which it is given and upon the terms pub-lished in the agenda for that date. 
SWORN TESTIMONY AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Rule 8(a). Witnesses in Committee hear-
ings may be required to give testimony under oath whenever the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Committee deems it to be necessary. 
(b). At any hearing to confirm a Presi-
dential nomination, the testimony of the nominee, and at the request of any Member, any other witness shall be under oath. Every nominee shall submit a financial statement, on forms to be perfected by the Committee, which shall be sworn to by the nominee as to its completeness and accuracy. All such statements shall be made public by the Com-mittee unless the Committee, in executive session, determines that special cir-cumstances require a full or partial excep-tion to this rule. 
(c). Members of the Committee are urged 
to make public a complete disclosure of their financial interests on forms to be perfected by the Committee in the manner required in the case of Presidential nominees. 
CONFIDENTIAL TESTIMONY  
Rule 9. No confidential testimony taken 
by, or confidential material presented to the Committee or any report of the proceedings of a closed Committee hearing or business meeting shall be made public in whole or in part, or by way of summary, unless author-ized by a majority of the Members of the Committee at a business meeting called for the purpose of making such a determination. 
DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS  
Rule 10. Any person whose name is men-
tioned or who is specifically identified in, or who believes that testimony or other evi-dence presented at, an open Committee hear-ing tends to defame him or her or otherwise adversely affect his or her reputation may file with the Committee for its consideration and action a sworn statement of facts rel-evant to such testimony of evidence. 
BROADCASTING OF HEARINGS OR MEETINGS  
Rule 11. Any meeting or hearing by the 
Committee which is open to the public may be covered in whole or in part by television, Internet, radio broadcast, or still photog-raphy. Photographers and reporters using mechanical recording, filming, or broad-
casting devices shall position their equip-ment so as not to interfere with the sight, vision, and hearing of Members and staff on the dais or with the orderly process of the meeting or hearing. 
AUTHORIZING SUBPOENAS  
Rule 12. The Chairman may, with the 
agreement of the Vice Chairman, or the Committee may, by majority vote, authorize the issuance of subpoenas. 
AMENDING THE RULES  
Rule 13. These rules may be amended only 
by a vote of a majority of all the Members of the Committee in a business meeting of the Committee: Provided, that no vote may be taken on any proposed amendment unless such amendment is reproduced in full in the Committee agenda for such meeting at least seven (7) days in advance of such meeting. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE U.S. COAST 
GUARD 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today 
I honor the 100th anniversary of the U.S. Coast Guard, officially established on this day, January 28, 1915, when President Woodrow Wilson signed leg-islation merging the Revenue Cutter Service and the U.S. Life-Saving Serv-ice into one organization. 
The Coast Guard has a long and noble 
history, dating back to 1790, of defend-ing the shores of our Nation. It re-mains a vital component of our na-tional security infrastructure—per-forming law enforcement, lifesaving, and military duties. Whether it is intercepting drug smugglers in the Gulf of Mexico or rescuing stranded fishermen off the coast of Alaska, the Coast Guard always answers the call and performs its mission bravely. Our Nation is safer thanks to the work done by the brave men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard. 
I am honored that my home State of 
Alabama has a significant Coast Guard presence in the city of Mobile. U.S. Coast Guard Sector Mobile is home to over 200 Active-Duty military and ci-vilian personnel who play a crucial role in enforcing our Nation’s laws and pro-viding maritime security along the gulf coast of Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida. Mobile is also home to one of the Coast Guard’s largest units, the U.S. Coast Guard Aviation Training Center. The Aviation Training Center is home to roughly 600 Active-Duty military and civilian personnel, and it serves as the Coast Guard’s aviation and capabilities development center— responsible for training Coast Guard pilots. It also serves as an operational Coast Guard air station, performing traditional Coast Guard aviation mis-sions such as search and rescue, home-land security, and environmental pro-tection in an area encompassing the Gulf of Mexico from the Louisiana- Texas border to the Florida panhandle. 
I am proud of what these Coast Guard 
installations do to protect the people of the gulf coast and the Nation as a whole. I would like to thank the U.S. Coast Guard for everything it does to enhance and ensure the national secu-rity of the United States, and I con-
gratulate and honor the Coast Guard on its 100th anniversary. 
f 
SUPPORTING TEACHERS AND 
SCHOOL LEADERS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my remarks at the Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing yesterday be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SUPPORTING TEACHERS AND SCHOOL LEADERS  
Today’s hearing is all about better teach-
ing—how we can create an environment so teachers, principals, and other leaders can succeed. 
Governors around the country are focused 
on one issue: better jobs for the citizens in their states. And it doesn’t take very long for a governor, which I once was, to come to the conclusion that better schools mean bet-ter jobs and a better life. 
Since no one has figured out how to pass a 
better parents law, it doesn’t take long to re-alize how important a great teacher is. 
I certainly came to that conclusion quick-
ly in 1984, when I was governor of Tennessee and I considered the holy grail of K–12 edu-cation to be finding a fair way to encourage and reward outstanding teaching. 
I spent a year and a half, devoting 70 per-
cent of my time, persuading the legislature to establish a career ladder—a master teach-er program that 10,000 teachers voluntarily climbed. They were paid more and had the opportunity for 10- and 11-month contracts. 
Tennessee became the first state in the na-
tion to pay teachers more for teaching well. Rarely a week goes by that a teacher doesn’t stop me and say, ‘‘Thank you for the master teacher program.’’ 
It was not easy. A year before I’d been in 
a meeting of southern governors and one of them said, ‘‘Who’s gonna be brave enough to take on the teachers union?’’ 
I had a year and a half brawl with the Na-
tional Education Association before I could pass our teacher evaluation program. 
Since then, there’s been an explosion of ef-
forts to answer these questions a great num-ber of states and school districts are tack-ling: How do we determine who is an effec-tive teacher? How do we relate student achievement to teacher effectiveness? And, having decided that, how do we reward and support outstanding teaching so we don’t lose our best teachers? 
In 1987, the National Board for Professional 
Teaching Standards began to strengthen standards in teaching and professionalize the teaching workforce. To date, more than 110,000 teachers in all 50 states and DC have achieved National Board Certification. 
In 2006, the Teacher Incentive Fund was 
created to help states and districts create performance-based compensation system for teachers based on evaluation results. 
According to the National Center on 
Teacher Quality, in 2014: 
27 states required annual evaluations for 
all teachers 
44 states required annual evaluations for 
new teachers 
35 states required student achievement 
and/or student growth to be a significant or the most significant measure of teacher per-formance. 
So when I came to Washington as a United 
States Senator in 2003, everyone expected— since I thought rewarding outstanding teach-ing was the Holy Grail—that I would make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.019 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S586 January 28, 2015 
everyone do it. To the surprise of some, my 
answer was no—you can’t do it from Wash-ington. Nevertheless, over the last 10 years, Washington has tried. 
Here is how: No Child Left Behind told 
states that all teachers of core academic sub-jects needed to be ‘‘Highly Qualified’’ by 2006, and it prescribed that definition in a very bureaucratic manner. That hasn’t worked. I don’t know of many people who really want to keep that outdated defini-tion—even Secretary Duncan waived the re-quirements related to highly qualified teach-ers when he granted waivers to 43 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. 
Unfortunately, the Secretary replaced 
those requirements with a new mandate re-quiring teacher evaluation systems—first in Race to the Top, which gave nearly $4.4 bil-lion to states, and second, in the waivers. 
To get a waiver from No Child Left Behind, 
a state and each local school district must develop a teacher and principal evaluation system with seven required elements—such as that it will use at least three performance levels; and will use multiple measures, in-cluding student growth; and will include guidelines and supports for implementa-tion—and each element must be approved by the U.S. Department of Education. 
The problem is that, after 30 years, we are 
still figuring out how to do this. 
Our research work on measuring growth in 
student achievement and relating it fairly to teacher effectiveness was started in 1984, but former Institute of Education Science Direc-tor Russ Whitehurst told the New York Times in 2012 that states ‘‘are racing ahead based on promises made to Washington or local political imperatives that prioritize an unwavering commitment to unproven ap-proaches. There’s a lot we don’t know about 
how to evaluate teachers reliably and how to use that information to improve instruction and learning.’’ 
The second problem is that some states 
haven’t been willing or able to implement the systems the way the U.S. Department of Education wants them to. 
California, Iowa, and Washington state had 
their waiver requests denied or revoked over the issue of teacher evaluations. 
In Iowa’s case, it was because the state leg-
islature wouldn’t pass a law that satisfied the requirement that allowed for teachers and principals to be placed into at least three performance levels—not effective, ef-fective, and highly effective. 
California simply ignored the Administra-
tion’s conditions when they applied for a waiver, particularly the requirement that teacher evaluation systems be based signifi-cantly on the results of state standardized tests. 
In April, Washington state’s waiver was re-
voked by Secretary Duncan because their state legislature would not pass legislation requiring standardized test results to be used in teacher and principal evaluation sys-tems—instead the law in Washington allows local school districts to decide which tests they use. 
Whether or not this federal interference 
with state education law offends your sense of federalism, like it does mine, it has proved impractical. 
The federal government in its well-inten-
tioned way, trying to say, ‘‘We want better teachers, and we’re going to tell you exactly how to do it, and you must do it now’’ has created an enormous backlash. It’s made even harder something that was already hard. 
Even in Tennessee, despite 30 years of ex-
perience and nearly $500 million in Race to the Top funding, the implementation of a new teacher evaluation system has been de-scribed in an article in my hometown news-paper as ‘‘contentious.’’ Given all of the great progress that states 
and local school districts have made on standards, accountability, tests, and teacher evaluation over the last 30 years—you’ll get a lot more progress with a lot less opposition if you leave those decisions there. 
I think we should return to states and 
local school districts decisions for measuring the progress of our schools and for evalu-ating and measuring the effectiveness of teachers. 
I know it is tempting to try to improve 
teachers from Washington. I also hear from governors and school superintendents who say that if ‘‘Washington doesn’t make us do it, the teachers unions and opponents from the right will make it impossible to have good evaluation systems and better teach-ers.’’ 
And I understand what they’re saying. 
After I left office, the NEA watered down Tennessee’s Master Teacher program. 
Nevertheless, the Chairman’s Staff Discus-
sion draft eliminates the Highly Qualified Teacher requirements and definition, and al-lows states to decide the licenses and creden-tials that they are going to require their teachers to have. 
And despite my personal support for teach-
er evaluation, the draft doesn’t mandate teacher and principal evaluations. 
Rather, it enables States to use the more 
than $2.5 billion under Title II to develop, implement, or improve these evaluation sys-tems. 
In a state like Tennessee, that would mean 
$39 million potentially available for con-tinuing the work Tennessee has well under-way for evaluating teachers, including link-ing performance and student achievement. 
In addition, it would expand one of the pro-
visions in No Child Left behind—the Teacher Incentive Fund that Secretary Spellings rec-ommended putting into law and that Sec-retary Duncan said, in testimony before the HELP Committee in January 2009, was ‘‘One of the best things I think Secretary Spellings has done . . . the more we can re-ward excellence, the more we can incentivize excellence, the more we can get our best teachers to work in those hard-to-staff schools and communities, the better our stu-dents are going to do.’’ 
And third, it would emphasize the idea of a 
Secretary’s report card—calling considerable attention to the bully pulpit a secretary or president has to call attention to states that are succeeding or failing. 
For example, I remember President 
Reagan visited Farragut High School in Knoxville in 1984 to call attention to our Master Teacher program. It caused the Democratic speaker of our House of Rep-resentatives to say, ‘‘This is the American way,’’ and come up with an amendment to my proposal that was critical to its passage. President Reagan didn’t order every other state to do what Tennessee was doing, but the president’s bully pulpit made a real dif-ference. 
Thomas Friedman recently told a group of 
senators that one of his two rules of life is that he’s never met anyone who washed a rented car. 
In other words, people take care of what 
they own. 
My experience is that finding a way to fair-
ly reward better teaching is the holy grail of K–12 education—but Washington will get the best long-term result by creating an environ-ment in which states and communities are 
encouraged, not ordered, to evaluate teach-ers. 
Let’s not mandate it from Washington if 
we want them to own it and make it work. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:24 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, 
announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 159. An act to stop exploitation 
through trafficking. 
H.R. 181. An act to provide justice for the 
victims of trafficking. 
H.R. 246. An act to improve the response to 
victims of child sex trafficking. 
H.R. 285. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a penalty for know-ingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts. 
H.R. 350. An act to direct the Interagency 
Task Force to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking to identify strategies to prevent chil-dren from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 398. An act to provide for the develop-
ment and dissemination of evidence-based best practices for health care professionals to recognize victims of a severe form of traf-ficking and respond to such individuals ap-propriately and for other purposes. 
H.R. 460. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effec-tively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 469. An act to amend the Child Abuse 
Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 515. An act to protect children from 
exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of in-tended travel by registered child-sex offend-ers outside the United States to the govern-ment of the country of destination, request-ing foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 246. An act to improve the response to 
victims of child sex trafficking; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 350. An act to direct the Interagency 
Task Force to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking to identify strategies to prevent chil-dren from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 398. An act to provide for the develop-
ment and dissemination of evidence-based best practices for health care professionals to recognize victims of a severe form of traf-ficking and respond to such individuals ap-propriately, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
H.R. 460. An act to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effec-tively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 469. An act to amend the Child Abuse 
Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.026 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S587 January 28, 2015 
improve the identification and assessment of 
child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 272. A bill making appropriations for the 
Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–390. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–462, ‘‘License to Carry a Pistol Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–391. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–463, ‘‘Zion Baptist Church Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–392. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–464, ‘‘Bishop Iola B. Cunningham Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–393. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–467, ‘‘Civil Marriage Dissolu-tion Equality Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–394. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–468, ‘‘Nap Turner Way Des-ignation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–395. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–469, ‘‘Stroke System of Care Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–396. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–471, ‘‘N Street Village Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–397. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–472, ‘‘Solid Waste Facility Permit Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–398. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–473, ‘‘Repeal of Prostitution Free Zones and Drug Free Zones Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–399. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
on D.C. Act 20–474, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Ex-pansion Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–400. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–475, ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Incentive Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–401. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–482, ‘‘Affordable Homeowner-ship Preservation and Equity Accumulation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–402. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–483, ‘‘Food Policy Council and Director Establishment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–403. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–484, ‘‘Commission on Health Disparities Establishment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–404. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–485, ‘‘Disposition of District Land for Affordable Housing Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–405. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–486, ‘‘Special Education Stu-dent Rights Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–406. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–487, ‘‘Enhanced Special Edu-cation Services Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–407. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–488, ‘‘Special Education Qual-ity Improvement Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–408. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–489, ‘‘Vehicle-for-Hire Innova-tion Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–409. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–490, ‘‘Grocery Store Restric-tive Covenant Prohibition Temporary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–410. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–491, ‘‘Retirement Technical Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–411. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–493, ‘‘Truth in Affordability Reporting Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–412. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–494, ‘‘St. Matthews Evan-gelical Lutheran Church Community Garden Equitable Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–413. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–495, ‘‘Transaction Moderniza-tion Electronic Delivery or Posting Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–414. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–496, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of the Public Alley System Square 368, S.O. 13– 09586, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–415. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–497, ‘‘Captive Insurance Com-pany Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–416. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–498, ‘‘Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System Conformity Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–417. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–499, ‘‘Metropolitan Police De-partment Commencement of Discipline and Command Staff Appointment Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–418. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–500, ‘‘Douglas Knoll, Golden 
Rule, 1728 W Street, and Wagner Gainesville Real Property Tax Exemption Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–419. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–502, ‘‘Plan for Comprehensive Services for Homeless Individuals at 425 2nd Street, N.W., Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–420. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–503, ‘‘Public Space Enforce-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–421. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–506, ‘‘District Government Certificate of Good Standing Filing Require-ment Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–422. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–511, ‘‘Housing Production Trust Fund Baseline Funding Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–423. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.035 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S588 January 28, 2015 
on D.C. Act 20–512, ‘‘SeVerna, LLC, Real 
Property Tax Exemption and Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–424. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–514, ‘‘Promoting Economic Growth and Job Creation Through Tech-nology Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–425. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–515, ‘‘Winter Sidewalk Safety Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–426. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–516, ‘‘Dignity for Homeless Families Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–427. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–517, ‘‘Lawrence Guyot Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–428. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–518, ‘‘Percy Battle Way Des-ignation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–429. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–519, ‘‘Uniform Certificate of Title for Vessels Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–430. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–520, ‘‘Department of Parks and Recreation Fee-based Use Permit Au-thority Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–431. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–521, ‘‘Cashell Alley Designa-tion Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–432. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–522, ‘‘Standard Deduction Withholding Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–433. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–530, ‘‘Conversion Therapy for Minors Prohibition Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–434. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–531, ‘‘Wage Transparency Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–435. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–532, ‘‘DC Rocks, So We Need One Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–436. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–533, ‘‘D.C. No Taxation With-out Representation Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–437. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–534, ‘‘Criminalization of Non- Consensual Pornography Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–438. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–535, ‘‘Dedication of a Public Alley in Square 752, S.O. 14–15491, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–439. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–536, ‘‘Grandparent Caregivers Program Subsidy Transfer Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–440. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–537, ‘‘Pepco Cost-Sharing Fund for DC PLUG Establishment Tem-porary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–441. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–538, ‘‘Trash Compactor Tax Incentive Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–442. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–539, ‘‘Behavioral Health Sys-tem of Care Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–443. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–540, ‘‘Copper Intrauterine De-vice Access Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–444. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–548, ‘‘Community Develop-ment Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–445. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–549, ‘‘Youth Tanning Safety Regulation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–446. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–550, ‘‘Public-Private Partner-ship Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–447. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–551, ‘‘N Street Village, Inc. Tax and TOPA Exemption Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–448. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–552, ‘‘Guardianship Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–449. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–553, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of Manchester Lane, N.W., adjacent to Square 2742, S.O. 08–3083, Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–450. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–554, ‘‘Turkey Bowl Revenue Generation and Sponsorship Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–451. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–555, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Clarification Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–452. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–556, ‘‘Soccer Stadium Devel-opment Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–453. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–558, ‘‘Small and Certified Business Enterprise Waiver and Recertifi-cation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–454. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–559, ‘‘Insurance Holding Com-pany and Credit for Reinsurance Moderniza-tion Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–455. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–560, ‘‘Sex Trafficking of Chil-dren Prevention Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–456. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–561, ‘‘Firefighter Retirement While Under Disciplinary Investigation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–457. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–562, ‘‘Inspector General Quali-fications Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–458. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–588, ‘‘Trauma Technologists Licensure Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.029 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S589 January 28, 2015 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with a pre-amble: 
S. Res. 35. A resolution commemorating 
the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz extermination camp in Nazi-occu-pied Poland. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: 
S. Res. 44. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER, from the Committee on 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: 
S. Res. 45. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Ms. COLLINS, from the Special Com-
mittee on Aging, without amendment: 
S. Res. 46. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Special Committee on Aging. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, without amendment: 
S. Res. 47. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with-out amendment: 
S. Res. 48. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, without amendment: 
S. Res. 49. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Colonel Tony D. Bauernfeind and ending with Colonel William P. West, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on Janu-ary 7, 2015. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the RECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Rodrick A. Koch, 
to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Air Force nomination of James F. Richey, 
to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Morris A. Desimone III and ending with An-drew R. Strauss, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on January 13, 2015. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Steven P. Hulse and ending with Anthony C. Lyons, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 13, 2015. 
Marine Corps nomination of Brian L. 
White, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Steven R. Lucas and ending with James N. Shelstad, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 13, 2015. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
*Allison Beck, of the District of Columbia, 
to be Federal Mediation and Conciliation Di-rector. 
*Adri Davin Jayaratne, of Michigan, to be 
an Assistant Secretary of Labor. 
*Mary Lucille Jordan, of Maryland, to be a 
Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission for a term of six years expiring August 30, 2020. 
*Michael Young, of Pennsylvania, to be a 
Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission for a term of six years expiring August 30, 2020. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. 
BLUNT ): 
S. 273. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit the intentional dis-crimination of a person or organization by an employee of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. 274. A bill to prohibit the Department of 
the Treasury from assigning tax statuses to organizations based on their political beliefs and activities; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. 275. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the cov-erage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: 
S. 276. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the expansion, in-tensification, and coordination of the pro-grams and activities of the National Insti-tutes of Health with respect to Tourette syn-drome; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ): 
S. 277. A bill to amend the Education 
Sciences Reform Act of 2002 and the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 to strengthen research in adult education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. R OBERTS ): 
S. 278. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to establish certain procedures for conducting in-person or telephone inter-actions by executive branch employees with individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Ms. AYOTTE: 
S. 279. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income; to 
the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. K ING, Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. 
PAUL): 
S. 280. A bill to improve the efficiency, 
management, and interagency coordination of the Federal permitting process through reforms overseen by the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO): 
S. 281. A bill to require a Federal agency to 
include language in certain educational and advertising materials indicating that such materials are produced and disseminated at taxpayer expense; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , Mr. J OHNSON , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. E NZI, and 
Mr. M CCAIN): 
S. 282. A bill to provide taxpayers with an 
annual report disclosing the cost and per-formance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
INHOFE , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
HELLER , Mr. B URR, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. P AUL, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. M CCONNELL , 
Mr. S COTT, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. T HUNE , 
Mr. C ORKER , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. L EE, 
and Mr. S HELBY ): 
S. 283. A bill to prohibit the Internal Rev-
enue Service from modifying the standard for determining whether an organization is operated exclusively for the promotion of so-cial welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. K IRK, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 284. A bill to impose sanctions with re-
spect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ): 
S. 285. A bill to authorize the construction 
of a replacement medical center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in Aurora, Col-orado, and to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into an agreement with the Chief of Engineers to act as the con-struction agent with respect to such con-struction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. 286. A bill to amend the Indian Self-De-
termination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 287. A bill to establish the Food Safety 
Administration to protect the public health by preventing foodborne illness, ensuring the safety of food, improving research on con-taminants leading to foodborne illness, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.023 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S590 January 28, 2015 
improving security of food from inter-
national contamination, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , Mr. E NZI, Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. S COTT): 
S. 288. A bill to amend the National Labor 
Relations Act to reform the National Labor Relations Board, the Office of the General Counsel, and the process for appellate re-view, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. S CHU-
MER): 
S. 289. A bill to prioritize funding for an ex-
panded and sustained national investment in biomedical research; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. M CCAIN): 
S. 290. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. V ITTER , 
and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. 291. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide for exten-sions of detention of certain aliens ordered removed, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
F
LAKE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. E NZI, Mr. 
CRUZ, and Mrs. F ISCHER ): 
S. 292. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-
cies Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
F
LAKE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. M ORAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. V IT-
TER, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. 
FISCHER , and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 293. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-
cies Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain settlements; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. K AINE, 
Mr. M ORAN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. V ITTER , 
Mr. W ARNER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 294. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition and celebration of the Pro Football Hall of Fame; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mr. B LUNT , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. D AINES , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. K IRK, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EE, Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ITTER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S. 295. A bill to amend section 2259 of title 
18, United States Code, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 296. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to enhance treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of De-partment of Veterans Affairs contracting goals and preferences, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , and Mr. U DALL ): 
S. 297. A bill to revive and expand the In-
termediate Care Technician Pilot Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENNET , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. N ELSON , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K IRK, and 
Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 298. A bill to amend titles XIX and XXI 
of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to chil-dren with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and lowering costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. Res. 43. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that children trafficked in the United States should be treated as vic-tims, and not criminals, especially during the upcoming Super Bowl, an event around which many children are at risk for being trafficked for sex; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER: 
S. Res. 44. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. Res. 45. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship; from the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Ms. COLLINS: 
S. Res. 46. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Special Committee on Aging; from the Special Committee on Aging; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. CORKER: 
S. Res. 47. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on For-eign Relations; from the Committee on For-eign Relations; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. ROBERTS: 
S. Res. 48. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. BARRASSO: 
S. Res. 49. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs; from the Committee on In-dian Affairs; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , and Mr. C ARPER ): 
S. Res. 50. A resolution congratulating The 
Ohio State University football team for win-ning the 2015 College Football Playoff na-tional championship; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): 
S. Res. 51. A resolution recognizing the 
goals of Catholic Schools Week and honoring the valuable contributions of Catholic schools in the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ): 
S. Res. 52. A resolution calling for the re-
lease of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 33 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 33, a bill to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. 37 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 37, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide for State accountability in the provision of access to the core re-sources for learning, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 48 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 48, a bill to prohibit discrimination against the unborn on the basis of sex or gender, and for other purposes. 
S. 50 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 50, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abor-tion-related discrimination in govern-mental activities. 
S. 51 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 51, a bill to amend title X of the Public Health Service Act to prohibit family planning grants from being awarded to any entity that performs abortions, and for other purposes. 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance providers en-acted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.024 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S591 January 28, 2015 
COLLINS ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 233 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S ES-
SIONS ) and the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 233, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for employees in the private sector. 
S. 248 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
248, a bill to clarify the rights of Indi-ans and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act. 
S. 265 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from Okla-
homa (Mr. I NHOFE ) and the Senator 
from Kentucky (Mr. M CCONNELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 265, a bill to expand opportunity through greater choice in education, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ), the Senator 
from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ), the Senator 
from Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ), the Sen-
ator from Montana (Mr. D AINES ), the 
Senator from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the 
Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from West Vir-
ginia (Mrs. C APITO ), the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. L ANKFORD ), the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), the Sen-
ator from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ), the Senator from Utah 
(Mr. L EE), the Senator from Nebraska 
(Mr. S ASSE), the Senator from Maine 
(Ms. C OLLINS ), the Senator from Iowa 
(Mr. G RASSLEY ) and the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other pur-poses. 
S. RES. 35 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. Res. 35, a resolution commemorating the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz ex-termination camp in Nazi-occupied Po-land. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 15 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. AMENDMENT NO . 35 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 35 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 70 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 73 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
AMENDMENT NO . 115 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 115 pro-posed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 120 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 124 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 132 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. R ISCH) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 132 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
AMENDMENT NO . 148 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 148 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, 
Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ): 
S. 286. A bill to amend the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act to provide further self- governance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce legislation that would further advance the goals of In-dian self-governance and self-deter-mination. The legislation is entitled, the Department of the Interior Self- Governance Act of 2015. I thank my 
colleagues who have joined me as origi-nal cosponsors of this legislation, in-cluding Indian Affairs Committee Vice 
Chairman Senator T
ESTER and Senator 
MURKOWSKI . 
One of the cornerstones of Federal 
Indian policy is the concept of tribal self-determination and self-governance. In 1975, Congress passed the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act. The Act, Public Law No. 93–638 authorizes Indian tribes to carry out certain Federal Indian programs, activities, and functions within the De-partment of the Interior and the De-partment of the Health and Human Services. 
Self-governance is both a policy and 
procedure whereby, pursuant to the In-dian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act, Indian tribes admin-ister Federal programs for Indians. Tribal administration of these pro-grams promotes local control and deci-sion-making for these important pro-grams that affect the local tribal com-munity. 
Tribal administration through these 
processes also serves to reduce Federal bureaucracy. This legislation promotes accountability by maintaining require-ments that Indian tribes must dem-onstrate a higher level of responsible governance and administration. Good governance is vital for continuing this policy. 
The act gives authority to the Secre-
taries of the Interior and Health and Human Services to enter into 638 con-tracts and self-governance compacts with Indian tribes. Each 638 contact or self-governance compact identifies functions and activities to be carried out by the tribe, as well as any admin-istrative, reporting, or other require-ments that must be followed. 
Despite the increased flexibility in 
the tribal self-governance program, In-dian tribes have stated to Congress that the Department of the Interior has, for many years, resisted the ef-forts by tribes to carry out Interior programs. Without additional reforms, the success of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act cannot reach its full potential. 
The bill intends to clarify and expand 
the provisions of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act. This legislation will give tribes a better opportunity to advance the pol-icy of tribal self-governance by author-izing the Secretary of the Interior to select up to 50 new Indian tribes to par-ticipate in the tribal self-governance program. In addition, the bill clarifies that provisions of water settlements and their authorizing legislation will not be affected by the self-governance amendments. Furthermore, nothing in this will expand or limit programs eli-gible for self-governance compacts be-yond those already authorized under current law. 
This bipartisan bill is supported by 
Indian tribes across the country. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.036 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S592 January 28, 2015 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 287. A bill to establish the Food 
Safety Administration to protect the public health by preventing foodborne illness, ensuring the safety of food, im-proving research on contaminants lead-ing to foodborne illness, and improving security of food from international contamination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 287 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Safe Food Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Findings; purposes. Sec. 3. Definitions. 
TITLE I—ESTABLISHMENT OF FOOD 
SAFETY ADMINISTRATION 
Sec. 101. Establishment of food safety ad-
ministration. 
Sec. 102. Consolidation of separate food safe-
ty and inspection services and agencies. 
Sec. 103. Additional duties of the adminis-
tration. 
TITLE II—ADMINISTRATION OF FOOD 
SAFETY PROGRAM 
Sec. 201. Administration of national pro-
gram. 
Sec. 202. Registration of food facilities. Sec. 203. Preventive process controls to re-
duce adulteration of food. 
Sec. 204. Performance standards for con-
taminants in food. 
Sec. 205. Inspections of food facilities. Sec. 206. Food production establishments. Sec. 207. Federal and State cooperation. Sec. 208. Foreign supplier verification pro-
gram. 
Sec. 209. Imports. Sec. 210. Traceback. Sec. 211. Food safety technology. 
TITLE III—RESEARCH AND EDUCATION 
Sec. 301. Public health assessment system. 
Sec. 302. Public education and advisory sys-
tem. 
Sec. 303. Research. 
TITLE IV—ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 401. Prohibited acts. 
Sec. 402. Mandatory recall authority. Sec. 403. Injunction proceedings. Sec. 404. Civil and criminal penalties. Sec. 405. Presumption. Sec. 406. Whistleblower protection. Sec. 407. Administration and enforcement. Sec. 408. Citizen civil actions. 
TITLE V—IMPLEMENTATION 
Sec. 501. Definition. 
Sec. 502. Reorganization plan. Sec. 503. Transitional authorities. Sec. 504. Savings provisions. Sec. 505. Conforming amendments. Sec. 506. Additional technical and con-
forming amendments. 
Sec. 507. Regulations. Sec. 508. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 509. Limitation on authorization of ap-
propriations. 
Sec. 510. Effective date. SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the safety of the food supply of the 
United States is vital to the public health, to public confidence in the food supply, and to the success of the food sector of the Nation’s economy; 
(2) lapses in the protection of the food sup-
ply and loss of public confidence in food safe-ty are damaging to consumers and the food industry, and place a burden on interstate commerce; 
(3) the safety and security of the food sup-
ply requires an integrated, systemwide ap-proach to preventing foodborne illness, a thorough and broad-based approach to basic and applied research, and intensive, effec-tive, and efficient management of the Na-tion’s food safety program; 
(4) the task of preserving the safety of the 
food supply of the United States faces tre-mendous pressures with regard to— 
(A) emerging pathogens and other con-
taminants and the ability to detect all forms of contamination; 
(B) an aging and immune-compromised 
population, with a growing number of people at high risk for foodborne illnesses, includ-ing infants and children; 
(C) a concern regarding food fraud for eco-
nomic gain, especially with mislabeling and intentionally misleading claims; 
(D) an increasing volume of imported food, 
without adequate monitoring and inspection; and 
(E) maintenance of rigorous inspection of 
the domestic food processing and food serv-ice industries; 
(5) Federal food safety standard setting, in-
spection, enforcement, and research efforts should be based on the best available science and public health considerations and food safety resources should be systematically de-ployed in ways that most effectively prevent 
foodborne illness; 
(6) the Federal food safety system is frag-
mented, with at least 15 Federal agencies sharing responsibility for food safety, and operates under laws that do not reflect cur-rent conditions in the food system or current scientific knowledge about the cause and prevention of foodborne illness; 
(7) the fragmented Federal food safety sys-
tem and outdated laws preclude an inte-grated, systemwide approach to preventing foodborne illness, to the effective and effi-cient operation of the Nation’s food safety program, and to the most beneficial deploy-ment of food safety resources; 
(8) the National Academy of Sciences rec-
ommended in the report ‘‘Ensuring Safe Food from Production to Consumption’’ that Congress establish by statute a unified and central framework for managing Federal food safety programs, and recommended modifying Federal statutes so that inspec-tion, enforcement, and research efforts are based on scientifically supportable assess-ments of risks to public health; and 
(9) the lack of a single focal point for food 
safety leadership in the United States under-cuts the ability of the United States to exert food safety leadership internationally, which is detrimental to the public health and the international trade interests of the United States. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this Act 
are— 
(1) to establish a single agency to be 
known as the ‘‘Food Safety Administration’’ to— 
(A) regulate food safety and related label-
ing to strengthen the protection of the pub-lic health; 
(B) ensure that food facilities fulfill their 
responsibility to produce food in a manner that protects the public health of all people in the United States; (C) lead an integrated, systemwide ap-
proach to food safety and to make more ef-fective and efficient use of resources to pre-vent foodborne illness; 
(D) provide a single focal point for food 
safety leadership, both nationally and inter-nationally; and 
(E) provide an integrated food safety re-
search capability, utilizing internally-gen-erated, scientifically and statistically valid studies, in cooperation with academic insti-tutions and other scientific entities of the Federal and State governments, to achieve the continuous improvement of research on foodborne illness and contaminants; 
(2) to transfer to the Food Safety Adminis-
tration the food safety, labeling, inspection, 
and enforcement functions that, as of the day before the effective date of this Act, are performed by other Federal agencies; and 
(3) to modernize and strengthen the Fed-
eral food safety laws to achieve more effec-tive application and efficient management of the laws for the protection and improvement of public health. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
tration’’ means the Food Safety Administra-tion established under section 101(a)(1). 
(2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of Food Safety appointed under section 101(a)(3). 
(3) A
DULTERATED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘adulterated’’ 
has the meaning given such term in— 
(i) section 402 of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 342) for food reg-ulated under such Act; 
(ii) section 1(m) of the Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601(m)) for food regu-lated under such Act; 
(iii) section 4(g) of the Poultry Products 
Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 453(g)) for food reg-ulated under such Act; and 
(iv) section 4(a) of the Egg Products In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 1033(a)) for food regu-lated under such Act. 
(B) I
NCLUSION .—In applying the definitions 
cited in subparagraph (A), poisonous or dele-terious substances in food shall be treated as an added substance if the poisonous or dele-terious substances are known to cause seri-ous illness or death in persons, including in sensitive populations. 
(4) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(5) C
ATEGORY 1 FOOD FACILITY .—The term 
‘‘category 1 food facility’’ means a facility that slaughters animals for food. 
(6) C
ATEGORY 2 FOOD FACILITY .—The term 
‘‘category 2 food facility’’ means a facility that processes— 
(A) raw meat, poultry, or seafood in a man-
ner that may reduce but is not validated to destroy contaminants; or 
(B) other products that the Administrator 
determines by regulation to be at high risk of contamination. 
(7) C
ATEGORY 3 FOOD FACILITY .—The term 
‘‘category 3 food facility’’ means a facility— 
(A) that processes meat, poultry, or sea-
food, or other products that the Adminis-trator determines by regulation to be at high risk of contamination; and 
(B) whose processes include one or more 
steps validated to destroy contaminants. 
(8) C
ATEGORY 4 FOOD FACILITY .—The term 
‘‘category 4 food facility’’ means a facility that processes food but is not a category 1, 2, or 3 food facility. 
(9) C
ATEGORY 5 FOOD FACILITY .—The term 
‘‘category 5 food facility’’ means a facility that stores, holds, or transports food prior to delivery for retail sale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.030 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S593 January 28, 2015 
(10) C ONTAMINANT .—The term ‘‘contami-
nant’’ includes biological, chemical, phys-ical, or radiological hazards, natural toxins, pesticides, drug residues, decomposition, parasites, allergens, and unapproved food or color additives. 
(11) C
ONTAMINATION .—The term ‘‘contami-
nation’’ refers to a presence of a contami-nant in food, which may occur naturally or be introduced into a food. 
(12) F
EED FACILITY .—The term ‘‘feed facil-
ity’’ means a domestic or foreign feed manu-facturer, processor, packer, warehouse, or other facility that— 
(A) if operating in the United States, man-
ufactures, slaughters, processes, or holds animal feed or feed ingredients; or 
(B) if operating elsewhere, manufactures, 
slaughters, processes, or holds animal feed or feed ingredients intended for consumption in the United States. 
(13) F
OOD.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘food’’ means a 
product intended to be used for food or drink for a human or an animal. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘food’’ includes 
any product (including a meat food product, as defined in section 1(j) of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601(j))), capable for use as human and animal food that is made in whole or in part from any animal, includ-ing cattle, sheep, swine, goat, or poultry (as defined in section 4 of the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 453)), and animal feed. 
(14) F
OOD FACILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘food facility’’ 
means a domestic or foreign food manufac-turer, slaughterhouse, processor, packer, warehouse, or other facility that— 
(i) if operating in the United States, manu-
factures, slaughters, processes, or holds food or food ingredients; or 
(ii) if operating outside the United States, 
manufactures, slaughters, processes, or holds food intended for consumption in the United States. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—For the purposes of reg-
istration, the term ‘‘food facility’’ does not include— 
(i) a farm, restaurant, other retail food es-
tablishment, nonprofit food establishment in which food is prepared for or served directly to the consumer; or 
(ii) a fishing vessel (other than a fishing 
vessel engaged in processing, as that term is defined in section 123.3(k) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations). 
(15) F
OOD PRODUCTION ESTABLISHMENT .—The 
term ‘‘food production establishment’’ means any farm, ranch, orchard, vineyard, 
aquaculture facility, or confined animal- feeding operation. 
(16) F
OOD SAFETY LAW .—The term ‘‘food 
safety law’’ means— 
(A) the provisions of the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) related to and requiring the safety, labeling, and inspection of food, infant formulas, food additives, pesticide residues, and other sub-stances present in food under that Act; 
(B) the provisions of the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) and of any other Act that are administered by the Center for Veterinary Medicine of the Food and Drug Administration; 
(C) the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 
U.S.C. 451 et seq.); 
(D) the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 
U.S.C. 601 et seq.); 
(E) the FDA Food Safety Modernization 
Act (Public Law 111–353); 
(F) the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 
U.S.C. 1031 et seq.); 
(G) the Sanitary Food Transportation Act 
of 1990 (49 U.S.C. App. 2801 et seq.); 
(H) chapter 57 of title 49, United States 
Code; (I) Public Law 85-765 (commonly known as 
the ‘‘Humane Methods of Slaughter Act of 1958’’) (7 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); 
(J) the provisions of this Act; and (K) such other provisions of law related to 
and requiring food safety, labeling, inspec-tion, and enforcement as the President des-ignates by Executive order as appropriate to include within the jurisdiction of the Admin-istration. 
(17) I
NTERSTATE COMMERCE .—The term 
‘‘interstate commerce’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(b) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(b)). 
(18) M
ISBRANDED .—The term ‘‘misbranded’’ 
has the meaning given to it in— 
(A) section 403 of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343) for food reg-ulated under such Act; 
(B) section 1(n) of the Federal Meat Inspec-
tion Act (21 U.S.C. 601(n)) for food regulated under such Act; 
(C) section 4(h) of the Poultry Products In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 453(h)) for food regu-lated under such Act; and 
(D) section 4(l) of the Egg Products Inspec-
tion Act (21 U.S.C. 1033(l)) for food regulated under such Act. 
(19) P
ROCESS .—The term ‘‘process’’ or 
‘‘processing’’ means the commercial slaugh-ter, packing, preparation, or manufacture of food. 
(20) S
AFE.—The term ‘‘safe’’ refers to 
human and animal health. 
(21) S TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— 
(A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and (D) any other territory or possession of the 
United States. 
(22) V
ALIDATION .—The term ‘‘validation’’ 
means the act of obtaining evidence that the process control measure or measures se-lected to control a contaminant in food is ca-pable of effectively and consistently control-ling the contaminant. 
(23) S
TATISTICALLY VALID .—The term ‘‘sta-
tistically valid’’ means evaluated and con-ducted under standards set by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
TITLE I—ESTABLISHMENT OF FOOD 
SAFETY ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 101. ESTABLISHMENT OF FOOD SAFETY AD-
MINISTRATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in the 
executive branch an agency to be known as the ‘‘Food Safety Administration’’. 
(2) S
TATUS .—The Administration shall be 
an independent establishment (as defined in section 104 of title 5, United States Code). 
(3) H
EAD OF ADMINISTRATION .—The Admin-
istration shall be headed by the Adminis-trator of Food Safety, who shall be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. 
(b) D
UTIES OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Ad-
ministrator shall— 
(1) administer and enforce the food safety 
law; 
(2) serve as a representative to inter-
national food safety bodies and discussions; 
(3) promulgate regulations to ensure the 
security of the food supply from all forms of contamination, including intentional con-tamination; and 
(4) oversee— (A) implementation of Federal food safety 
inspection, labeling, enforcement, and re-search efforts to protect the public health; 
(B) development of consistent and science- 
based standards for safe food; 
(C) coordination and prioritization of food 
safety research and education programs with other Federal agencies; 
(D) prioritization of Federal food safety ef-
forts and deployment of Federal food safety resources to achieve the greatest benefit in 
reducing foodborne illness; 
(E) coordination of the Federal response to 
foodborne illness outbreaks with other Fed-eral and State agencies; and 
(F) integration of Federal food safety ac-
tivities with State and local agencies. 
SEC. 102. CONSOLIDATION OF SEPARATE FOOD 
SAFETY AND INSPECTION SERVICES AND AGENCIES. 
(a) T RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS .—For each 
Federal agency specified in subsection (b), there are transferred to the Administration all functions that the head of the Federal agency exercised on the day before the effec-tive date of this Act (including all related functions of any officer or employee of the Federal agency) that relate to administra-tion or enforcement of the food safety law, as determined by the President. 
(b) T
RANSFERRED AGENCIES .—The Federal 
agencies referred to in subsection (a) are— 
(1) the Food Safety and Inspection Service 
of the Department of Agriculture; 
(2) the Center for Food Safety and Applied 
Nutrition of the Food and Drug Administra-tion; 
(3) the part of the Agriculture Marketing 
Service that administers shell egg surveil-lance services established under the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1031 et seq.); 
(4) the resources and facilities of the Office 
of Regulatory Affairs of the Food and Drug Administration that administer and conduct inspections of food and feed facilities and im-ports; 
(5) the Center for Veterinary Medicine of 
the Food and Drug Administration; 
(6) the resources and facilities of the Office 
of the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, known as the Office of Food and Veterinary Medicine, that support— 
(A) the Center for Food Safety and Applied 
Nutrition; 
(B) the Center for Veterinary Medicine; 
and 
(C) the Office of Regulatory Affairs facili-
ties and resources described in paragraph (4); 
(7) the part of the Research, Education, 
and Economics mission area of the Depart-ment of Agriculture related to food and feed safety; 
(8) the part of the National Marine Fish-
eries Service of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration of the Depart-ment of Commerce that administers the sea-food inspection program; 
(9) the part of the Animal and Plant In-
spection Health Service of the Department of Agriculture related to the management of animals going into the food supply; and 
(10) such other offices, services, or agencies 
as the President designates by Executive order to carry out this Act. 
SEC. 103. ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF THE ADMINIS-
TRATION. 
(a) O FFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .—The Admin-
istrator may— 
(1) appoint officers and employees for the 
Administration in accordance with the pro-visions of title 5, United States Code, relat-ing to appointment in the competitive serv-ice; and 
(2) fix the compensation of those officers 
and employees in accordance with chapter 51 and with subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title, relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates. 
(b) E
XPERTS AND CONSULTANTS .—The Ad-
ministrator may— 
(1) procure the services of temporary or 
intermittent experts and consultants as au-thorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; and 
(2) pay in connection with those services 
the travel expenses of the experts and con-sultants, including transportation and per 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S594 January 28, 2015 
diem in lieu of subsistence while away from 
the homes or regular places of business of the individuals, as authorized by section 5703 of that title. 
(c) B
UREAUS , OFFICES , ANDDIVISIONS .—The 
Administrator may establish within the Ad-ministration such bureaus, offices, and divi-sions as the Administrator determines are necessary to perform the duties of the Ad-ministrator. 
(d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish advisory committees that consist of representatives of scientific expert bodies, academics, industry specialists, and con-sumers. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The duties of an advisory com-
mittee established under paragraph (1) may include developing recommendations with respect to the development of regulatory science and processes, research, communica-tions, performance standards, and inspec-tion. 
TITLE II—ADMINISTRATION OF FOOD 
SAFETY PROGRAM 
SEC. 201. ADMINISTRATION OF NATIONAL PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator 
shall— 
(1) administer a national food safety pro-
gram (referred to in this section as the ‘‘pro-gram’’) to protect public health; and 
(2) ensure that persons who produce or 
process food meet their responsibility to pre-vent or minimize food safety hazards related to their products. 
(b) C
OMPREHENSIVE ANALYSIS .—The pro-
gram shall be based on a comprehensive analysis of the hazards associated with dif-ferent food and with the processing of dif-ferent food, including the identification and evaluation of— 
(1) the severity of the health risks; (2) the sources and specific points of poten-
tial contamination extending from the farm or ranch to the consumer that may render food unsafe; 
(3) the potential for persistence, mul-
tiplication, or concentration of naturally oc-curring or added contaminants in food; 
(4) opportunities across the food produc-
tion, processing, distribution, and retail sys-tem to manage and reduce potential health risks; and 
(5) opportunities for intentional contami-
nation. 
(c) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—In carrying out 
the program, the Administrator shall— 
(1) adopt and implement a national system 
for the registration of food facilities and reg-ular unannounced inspection of food facili-ties; 
(2) verify and enforce the adoption of pre-
ventive process controls in food facilities, based on the best available scientific and public health considerations and best avail-able technologies; 
(3) establish and enforce science-based 
standards for— 
(A) substances that may contaminate food; 
and 
(B) safety and sanitation in the processing 
and handling of food; 
(4) implement a statistically valid sam-
pling program to ensure that industry pro-grams and procedures that prevent food con-tamination are effective on an ongoing basis and that food meets the performance stand-ards established under this Act; 
(5) implement procedures and requirements 
to ensure the safety and security of imported food; 
(6) coordinate with other agencies and 
State or local governments in carrying out inspection, enforcement, research, and moni-toring; 
(7) access the surveillance data of the Cen-
ters for Disease Control and Prevention, and other Federal Government agencies, in order 
to develop and implement a national surveil-lance system to assess the health risks asso-ciated with the human consumption of food or to create surveillance data and studies; 
(8) partner with relevant agencies to iden-
tify and prevent terrorist threats to food; 
(9) establish a process for providing a sin-
gle point of contact to assist impacted con-sumers in navigating Federal, State, and local agencies involved in responding to or monitoring a foodborne outbreak; 
(10) develop public education risk commu-
nication and advisory programs; 
(11) implement a basic and applied research 
program to further the purposes of this Act; and 
(12) coordinate and prioritize food safety 
research and educational programs with other agencies, including State or local agencies. 
SEC. 202. REGISTRATION OF FOOD FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
require that all food and feed facilities reg-ister before the facility can operate in the United States or import food, feed, or ingre-dients into the United States. 
(b) R
EGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To be registered under 
subsection (a)— 
(A) all food facilities covered under this 
Act shall comply with registration require-ments in section 415 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 350d); 
(B) for food facilities that have not reg-
istered under such section 415 prior to the 
date of enactment of this Act, the require-ment in subparagraph (A) applies beginning on the day that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(C) for food facilities that have registered 
under such section 415 prior to the date of enactment of this Act, such facilities shall file an amended registration within 180 days of such date of enactment to deliver the in-formation required by paragraph (2). 
(2) C
ATEGORIES .—In addition to the infor-
mation required under section 415 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 350d) to be included in registration, a food fa-cility shall— 
(A) list the facility’s primary purpose and 
business activity, including the dates of op-eration if the food facility is operating sea-sonally; and 
(B) list the types of food handled at the fa-
cility and identify the activities conducted in the facility, that are relevant to deter-mining whether the facility is a category 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 facility. 
(3) P
ROCEDURE .—Upon receipt of a com-
pleted or amended registration described in paragraph (1), the Administrator shall notify the registrant of the receipt of the registra-tion, review the activities identified in the registration, designate the facility as a cat-egory 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 food facility for the pur-poses of inspection, and assign a registration number to each food facility. 
(4) L
IST.—The Administrator— 
(A) shall compile and maintain an up-to- 
date list of food facilities that are registered under this section, in accordance with sec-tion 415(a)(5) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 350d(a)(5)); and 
(B) may establish regulations on how the 
list may be shared with other governmental authorities. 
SEC. 203. PREVENTIVE PROCESS CONTROLS TO 
REDUCE ADULTERATION OF FOOD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
review existing regulations on hazard anal-ysis and process controls and amend existing regulations as appropriate, upon the basis of best available public health, scientific, and technological information, to ensure that those regulations are working effectively to— (1) ensure food facilities operate in a sani-
tary manner so that food is not adulterated; 
(2) limit the presence of contaminants in 
food; 
(3) meet the performance standards estab-
lished under section 204; 
(4) ensure fully processed or ready-to-eat 
foods are processed using reasonably avail-able techniques and technologies to elimi-nate contaminants; 
(5) label food intended for final processing 
outside commercial food facilities with in-structions for handling and preparation for consumption that will destroy contami-nants; 
(6) require sampling and testing at a fre-
quency and in a manner sufficient to ensure that process controls are effective on an on-going basis and that performance standards are being met; and 
(7) provide for agency access to records 
kept by food facilities and submission of cop-ies of the records to the Administrator, as the Administrator determines appropriate. 
(b) P
ROCESSING CONTROLS .—The Adminis-
trator may require any person with responsi-bility for or control over food or food ingre-dients to adopt process controls, if the proc-ess controls are needed to ensure the protec-tion of the public health. 
SEC. 204. PERFORMANCE STANDARDS FOR CON-
TAMINANTS IN FOOD. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—Whenever 
the Administrator determines that a foodborne contaminant presents the risk of serious adverse health consequences or death to consumers, causes food to be adulterated, or could promote the spread of commu-nicable disease described in section 361 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 264), the Administrator shall issue a performance standard (in the form of guidance, action lev-els, or regulations) to prevent or control the contaminant. 
(b) E
NFORCEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the promulgation of a performance standard under this section, the Administrator shall implement a statistically significant sam-pling program to determine whether food fa-cilities are complying with the standards promulgated under this section. 
(2) A
CTIONS .—If the Administrator deter-
mines that a food facility fails to meet a standard promulgated under this section, and such facility fails to take appropriate corrective action as determined by the Ad-ministrator, the Administrator shall, as ap-propriate— 
(A) detain, seize, or condemn food from the 
food facility under section 209(i); 
(B) order a recall of food from the food fa-
cility under section 402; 
(C) increase the inspection frequency for 
the food facility; 
(D) withdraw the mark of inspection from 
the food facility, if in use; or 
(E) take other appropriate enforcement ac-
tion concerning the food facility, including suspension of registration. 
(c) N
EWLY IDENTIFIED CONTAMINANTS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of this sec-tion, the Administrator shall promulgate in-terim performance standards for newly iden-tified contaminants as necessary to protect the public health. 
(d) R
EVOCATION BY ADMINISTRATOR .—All 
performance standards, tolerances, action levels, or other similar standards with re-spect to food in effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act shall remain in effect until revised or revoked by the Administrator. 
SEC. 205. INSPECTIONS OF FOOD FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish an inspection program, which shall include sampling and testing of food and food facilities, to determine if each food facility— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S595 January 28, 2015 
(1) is operating in a sanitary manner; 
(2) has continuous systems, interventions, 
and processes in place to minimize or elimi-nate contaminants in food; 
(3) uses validated process controls and on-
going verification; 
(4) is in compliance with applicable per-
formance standards established under sec-tion 204, process control regulations, and other requirements; 
(5) is processing food that is safe and not 
adulterated or misbranded; 
(6) maintains records of process control 
plans under section 203, and other records re-lated to the processing, sampling, and han-dling of food; and 
(7) is in compliance with the requirements 
of the applicable food safety law. 
(b) F
ACILITY CATEGORIES AND INSPECTION  
FREQUENCIES .—Inspections of food facilities 
under this Act shall be based on the fol-lowing categories and inspection frequencies, subject to subsections (c), (d), and (e): 
(1) C
ATEGORY 1 FOOD FACILITIES .—A cat-
egory 1 food facility shall be subject to ante-mortem, postmortem, and continuous in-spection of each slaughter line during all op-erating hours, and other inspection on a daily basis, sufficient to verify that— 
(A) diseased animals are not offered for 
slaughter; 
(B) the food facility has successfully iden-
tified and removed from the slaughter line visibly defective or contaminated carcasses, has avoided cross-contamination, and de-stroyed or reprocessed contaminated car-casses in a manner acceptable to the Admin-istrator; and 
(C) that applicable performance standards 
and other provisions of the food safety law, including those intended to eliminate or re-duce pathogens, have been satisfied. 
(2) C
ATEGORY 2 FOOD FACILITIES .—A cat-
egory 2 food facility shall be randomly in-spected at least daily. 
(3) C
ATEGORY 3 FOOD FACILITIES .—A cat-
egory 3 food facility shall— 
(A) provide documentation to the Adminis-
trator on request that ongoing verification shows that its processes are controlled; and 
(B) be randomly inspected at least month-
ly. 
(4) C
ATEGORY 4 FOOD FACILITIES .—A cat-
egory 4 food facility shall be randomly in-spected at least quarterly. 
(5) C
ATEGORY 5 FOOD FACILITIES .—A cat-
egory 5 food facility shall be randomly in-spected at least annually. 
(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF INSPECTION PROCE -
DURES .—The Administrator shall establish 
procedures under which inspectors or safety officers inspect food facilities, which shall allow the taking of random samples, photo-graphs, and copies of records in food facili-ties. 
(d) A
LTERNATIVE INSPECTION FRE-
QUENCIES .—With respect to a category 2, 3, 4, 
or 5 food facility, the Administrator may es-tablish alternative increased or decreased in-spection frequencies for subcategories of food facilities or for individual facilities, to foster risk-based allocation of resources, subject to the following criteria and proce-dures: 
(1) Subcategories of food facilities and 
their alternative inspection frequencies shall be defined by regulation, subject to para-graphs (2) and (3). 
(2) Alternative inspection frequencies for 
subcategories of food facilities under para-graph (1) and for a specific food facility under paragraph (4) shall provide that— 
(A) category 2 food facilities shall be in-
spected at least monthly; and 
(B) category 3 and 4 food facilities shall be 
inspected at least annually. 
(3) In defining subcategories of food facili-
ties and their alternative inspection fre-quencies under paragraphs (1) and (2), the 
Administrator shall consider— 
(A) the nature of the foods being processed, 
stored, or transported; 
(B) the manner in which foods are proc-
essed, stored, or transported; 
(C) the inherent likelihood that the foods 
will contribute to the risk of foodborne ill-ness; 
(D) the best available evidence concerning 
reported illnesses associated with the foods produced in the proposed subcategory of fa-cilities; and 
(E) the overall record of compliance with 
the food safety law among facilities in the proposed subcategory, including compliance with applicable performance standards and the frequency of recalls. 
(4) The Administrator may adopt alter-
native inspection frequencies for increased or decreased inspection for a specific facil-ity, subject to paragraphs (2) and (5), and shall annually publish a list of facilities sub-ject to alternative inspections. 
(5) In adopting alternative inspection fre-
quencies for a specific facility, the Adminis-trator shall consider— 
(A) the supporting evidence that an indi-
vidual food facility shall submit related to whether an alternative inspection frequency should be established for such facility by the Administrator; 
(B) whether products from the specific fa-
cility have been associated with a case or an outbreak of foodborne illness; 
(C) the record of the facility of compliance 
with the food safety law, including compli-ance with applicable performance standards and the frequency of recalls; and 
(D) the criteria in paragraph (3). (6) Before establishing decreased alter-
native inspection frequencies for subcat-egories of facilities or individual facilities, the Administrator shall— 
(A) describe the alternative uses of re-
sources in general terms when issuing the regulation or order that establishes the al-ternative inspection frequency; and 
(B) determine, based on the best available 
evidence, that the alternative uses of the re-sources required to carry out the inspection activity would make a greater contribution to protecting the public health and reducing the risk of foodborne illness. 
(e) I
NSPECTION TRANSITION .—The Adminis-
trator shall manage the transition to the in-spection system described in this Act as fol-lows: 
(1) R
EGULATIONS .—The Administrator shall 
promulgate regulations to implement this section no later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) L
IMIT ON REDUCTION IN INSPECTION FRE -
QUENCY .—For any food facility, the Adminis-
trator shall not reduce the inspection fre-quency from the frequency required pursuant to the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 451 et seq.), and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) until the food facility has dem-onstrated that sufficient changes in facili-ties, procedures, personnel, or other aspects of the process control system have been made such that the Administrator deter-mines that compliance with the food safety law is achieved. 
(f) O
FFICIAL MARK.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .—Before the comple-
tion of the transition process under sub-section (e), the Administrator shall by regu-lation establish an official mark that can be affixed to a food produced in a category 1, 2, or 3 food facility if— 
(i) the facility is in compliance with the 
food safety law; and (ii) has been inspected in accordance with 
the inspection frequencies under this sec-tion. 
(B) R
EMOVAL OF OFFICIAL MARK .—The Ad-
ministrator shall promulgate regulations that provide for the removal of the official mark under this subsection if— 
(i) the Administrator makes a finding that 
the facility is not in compliance with the food safety law; or 
(ii) the Administrator suspends the reg-
istration of the facility. 
(2) C
ATEGORY 1 , 2, OR 3 FOOD FACILITIES .—In 
the case of products manufactured, slaugh-tered, processed, or held in a category 1, 2, or 3 food facility— 
(A) products subject to Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Poul-try Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 451 et seq.), the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1031 et seq.), and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) as of the date of enactment of this Act, shall remain subject to the requirement under those Acts that they bear the mark of in-spection pending completion of the transi-tion process under subsection (e); 
(B) the Administrator shall publicly cer-
tify on a monthly basis that the inspection frequencies required under this section have been achieved; and 
(C) a product from an facility that has not 
been inspected in accordance with the re-quired frequencies under this section shall not bear the official mark and shall not be shipped in interstate commerce. 
(3) C
ATEGORY 4 AND 5 FOOD FACILITIES .—In 
the case of a product manufactured, slaugh-tered, processed, or held in a category 4 or 5 food facility, the Administrator shall pro-vide by regulation for the voluntary use of the official mark established under para-graph (1), subject to— 
(A) such minimum inspection frequencies 
as determined appropriate by the Adminis-trator; 
(B) compliance with applicable perform-
ance standards and other provisions of the food safety law; and 
(C) such other requirements as the Admin-
istrator considers appropriate. 
(g) M
AINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF  
RECORDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .— 
(A) R ECORDS .—A food facility shall— 
(i) maintain such records as the Adminis-
trator requires by regulation, including all records relating to the processing, distrib-uting, receipt, or importation of any food; and 
(ii) permit the Administrator, in addition 
to any authority of the food safety agencies in effect on the day before the date of enact-
ment of this Act, upon presentation of appro-priate credentials and at reasonable times and in a reasonable manner, to have access to and copy all records maintained by or on behalf of such food facility representative in any format (including paper or electronic) and at any location, that are necessary to assist the Administrator to determine whether the food is contaminated or not in compliance with the food safety law. 
(B) R
EQUIRED DISCLOSURE .—A food facility 
shall have an affirmative obligation to dis-close to the Administrator the results of testing or sampling of food, equipment, or material in contact with food, that is posi-tive for any contaminant. 
(2) M
AINTENANCE OF RECORDS .—The records 
required by paragraph (1) shall be main-tained for a reasonable period of time, as de-termined by the Administrator. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The records required 
by paragraph (1) shall include records de-scribing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S596 January 28, 2015 
(A) the origin, receipt, delivery, sale, 
movement, holding, and disposition of food or ingredients; 
(B) the identity and quantity of ingredi-
ents used in the food; 
(C) the processing of the food; (D) the results of laboratory, sanitation, or 
other tests performed on the food or in the food facility; 
(E) consumer complaints concerning the 
food or packaging of the food; 
(F) the production codes, open date codes, 
and locations of food production; and 
(G) other matters reasonably related to 
whether food is unsafe, is adulterated or mis-branded, or otherwise fails to meet the re-quirements of this Act. 
(h) P
ROTECTION OF SENSITIVE INFORMA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
develop and maintain procedures to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any trade se-cret or confidential information obtained by the Administrator. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The requirement under 
this subsection does not— 
(A) limit the authority of the Adminis-
trator to inspect or copy records or to re-quire the facility or maintenance of records under this Act; 
(B) have any legal effect on section 1905 of 
title 18, United States Code; 
(C) extend to any food recipe, financial 
data, pricing data, personnel data, or sales data (other than shipment dates relating to sales); 
(D) limit the public disclosure of distribu-
tion records or other records related to food subject to a voluntary or mandatory recall under section 402; or 
(E) limit the authority of the Adminis-
trator to promulgate regulations to permit the sharing of data with other governmental authorities. 
(i) B
RIBERY OF OR GIFTS TO INSPECTOR OR  
OTHER OFFICERS AND ACCEPTANCE OF GIFTS.— 
Section 22 of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 622) shall apply under this Act. 
SEC. 206. FOOD PRODUCTION ESTABLISHMENTS. 
In carrying out the duties of the Adminis-
trator and the purposes of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall have the authority, with respect to food production establishments, to— 
(1) visit and inspect food production estab-
lishments in the United States and in foreign countries for food safety purposes; 
(2) review food safety records as needed to 
carry out traceback and for other food safety purposes; 
(3) set good practice standards to protect 
the public and promote food safety; 
(4) partner with appropriate agencies to 
monitor animals, plants, products, or the en-vironment, as appropriate; and 
(5) collect and maintain information rel-
evant to public health and farm practices. 
SEC. 207. FEDERAL AND STATE COOPERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
work with the States to carry out activities and programs that create a national food safety program so that Federal and State programs function in a coordinated and cost- effective manner. 
(b) S
TATE ACTION .—The Administrator 
shall work with States to— 
(1) continue, strengthen, or establish State 
food safety programs, especially with respect to the regulation of retail commercial food establishments, transportation, harvesting, and fresh markets; 
(2) continue, strengthen, or establish in-
spection programs and requirements to en-sure that food under the jurisdiction of the State is safe; and 
(3) support recall authorities at the State 
and local levels. (c) A
SSISTANCE .—To assist in planning, de-
veloping, and implementing a food safety program, the Administrator may provide to a State— 
(1) advisory assistance; (2) technical and laboratory assistance and 
training (including necessary materials and equipment); and 
(3) financial assistance, in kind, and other 
aid. 
(d) S
ERVICE AGREEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may, 
under agreements entered into with Federal, State, or local agencies, use on a reimburs-able basis or otherwise, the personnel and services of those agencies in carrying out this Act. 
(2) T
RAINING .—Agreements with a State 
under this subsection may provide for train-ing of State employees. 
(3) M
AINTENANCE OF AGREEMENTS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall maintain any agreement that is in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act until the Adminis-trator evaluates such agreement and deter-mines whether to maintain or substitute such agreement. 
(e) A
UDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
annually conduct a comprehensive review of each State program that provides services to the Administrator in carrying out the re-sponsibilities under this Act, including man-dated inspections under section 205. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The review shall— 
(A) include a determination of the effec-
tiveness of the State program; and 
(B) identify any changes necessary to en-
sure enforcement of Federal requirements under this Act. 
(f) N
OFEDERAL PREEMPTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to preempt the enforcement of State food safety laws and standards that are at least as stringent as those under this Act. 
SEC. 208. FOREIGN SUPPLIER VERIFICATION 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
require that each importer of products from a feed facility, food facility, or food producer establishment be in compliance with the for-eign supplier verification program require-ments under section 805 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384a). 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—In applying 
subsection (a) with respect to products sub-ject to the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Poultry Products In-spection Act (21 U.S.C. 451 et seq.), or the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1031 et seq.), references in section 805 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384a) to sections 402, 403(w), 418, and 419 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 342, 343(w), 350g, and 350h) shall be construed to be references to the corresponding provisions of the food safety law, if any, that apply to such products, as determined by the Administrator. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF EXEMPTIONS .—Subsection (e) 
of section 805 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384a) is hereby re-pealed. 
SEC. 209. IMPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the effective date of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall establish a system under which a foreign government seeking to cer-tify food for importation into the United States shall submit a request for accredita-tion to the Administrator. 
(b) A
CCREDITATION STANDARD .—A foreign 
government requesting to be accredited to certify food for importation into the United States shall demonstrate, in a manner deter-mined appropriate by the Administrator, that the foreign government (or an agency thereof) is capable of adequately ensuring that eligible entities or foods certified by 
such government (or agency) meet the re-quirements of the food safety law. 
(c) R
EQUEST BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENT .— 
Prior to granting accreditation to a foreign government under this section, the Adminis-trator shall review and audit the food safety program of the requesting foreign govern-ment and certify that such program (includ-ing all statutes, regulations, and inspection authority) meets the standard specified in subsection (b). 
(d) L
IMITATIONS .—Any accreditation of a 
foreign government under this section shall— 
(1) specify the foods covered by the accred-
itation; and 
(2) be limited to a period not to exceed 5 
years. 
(e) W
ITHDRAWAL OF ACCREDITATION .—The 
Administrator may withdraw accreditation fully or partially from a foreign government if the Administrator finds that— 
(1) food covered by the accreditation is 
linked to an outbreak of human illness; 
(2) the programs or procedures of the for-
eign government no longer meet the stand-ards of the food safety programs and proce-dures of the United States; or 
(3) the foreign government refuses to allow 
United States officials to conduct such au-dits and investigations as may be necessary to fulfill the requirements under this sec-tion. 
(f) R
ENEWAL OF ACCREDITATION .—The Ad-
ministrator shall audit foreign governments accredited under this section at least every 5 years to ensure the continued compliance by such governments with the standard set forth in subsection (b). 
(g) R
EQUIRED ROUTINE INSPECTION .—The 
Administrator shall routinely inspect food or food animals by physical examination before the food or food animals enter the United States to ensure that the food or food ani-mals— 
(1) are safe; (2) are labeled as required for food pro-
duced in the United States; and 
(3) otherwise meet the requirements of the 
food safety law. 
(h) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Administrator 
may— 
(1) deny importation of food from any 
country if the country’s government does not permit United States officials to enter the country to conduct such audits and in-spections as may be necessary to fulfill the requirements under this section; 
(2) deny importation of food from any 
country or foreign facility that does not con-sent to an investigation by the Adminis-trator when food from that country or for-eign facility is linked to a foodborne illness outbreak or is otherwise found to be adulter-ated or mislabeled; and 
(3) promulgate regulations to carry out the 
purposes of this section, including setting terms and conditions for the destruction of products that fail to meet the standards of the food safety law. 
(i) D
ETENTION AND SEIZURE .—Any food im-
ported for consumption in the United States that fails to meet the standards of the food safety law may be detained, seized, or con-demned. 
SEC. 210. TRACEBACK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in 
order to protect the public health, shall es-tablish requirements for a national system for tracing food, animals, or ingredients from point of origin to retail sale, subject to subsection (b). 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Traceability require-
ments shall— 
(1) be established in accordance with regu-
lations and guidelines issued by the Adminis-trator; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S597 January 28, 2015 
(2) apply to food production establishments 
and food facilities. 
SEC. 211. FOOD SAFETY TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish and implement a program, to be known as the Food Safety Technology Pro-gram, to foster innovation in food tech-nologies and foods that have the potential to improve food safety at the point of produc-tion, processing, transport, storage, or final preparation. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DESCRIBED .—The program 
under this section shall consist of technical guidance to and consultation with tech-nology developers to assist them in meeting requirements for approval of technologies and products described in subsection (a). 
TITLE III—RESEARCH AND EDUCATION 
SEC. 301. PUBLIC HEALTH ASSESSMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, act-
ing in coordination with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and with the Research Education and Eco-nomics mission area of the Department of Agriculture, shall— 
(1) have access to the applicable data sys-
tems of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and to the databases made avail-able by a State; 
(2) partner with relevant agencies to main-
tain or access an active surveillance system of food and epidemiological evidence sub-mitted by States to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention based on a represent-ative proportion of the population of the United States; 
(3) assess the frequency and sources of 
human illness in the United States associ-ated with the consumption of food; 
(4) partner with relevant agencies to main-
tain or access a state-of-the-art partial or full genome sequencing system and epide-miological system dedicated to foodborne ill-ness identification, outbreaks, and contain-ment; and 
(5) have access to the surveillance data cre-
ated via monitoring and statistical studies conducted as part of its own inspection. 
(b) P
UBLIC HEALTH SAMPLING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the effective date of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall establish guidelines for a sam-pling system under which the Administrator shall take and analyze samples of food— 
(A) to assist the Administrator in carrying 
out this Act; and 
(B) to assess the nature, frequency of oc-
currence, and quantities of contaminants in food. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The sampling system 
described in paragraph (1) shall provide— 
(A) statistically valid monitoring, includ-
ing market-based studies, on the nature, fre-quency of occurrence, and quantities of con-taminants in food available to consumers; and 
(B) at the request of the Administrator, 
such other information, including analysis of monitoring and verification samples, as the Administrator determines may be useful in assessing the occurrence of contaminants in food. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT OF HEALTH HAZARDS .— 
Through the surveillance system referred to in subsection (a), the sampling system de-scribed in subsection (b), and other available data, the Administrator shall— 
(1) rank food categories based on the haz-
ard to human health presented by the food category; 
(2) identify appropriate industry and regu-
latory approaches to minimize hazards in the food supply; and 
(3) assess the public health environment 
for emerging diseases, including zoonosis, for their risk of appearance in the United States food supply. SEC. 302. PUBLIC EDUCATION AND ADVISORY 
SYSTEM. 
(a) P UBLIC EDUCATION .—The Administrator 
shall— 
(1) in cooperation with private and public 
organizations, including the cooperative ex-tension services and building on the efforts of appropriate State and local entities, es-tablish a national public education program on food safety; and 
(2) coordinate with other Federal depart-
ments and agencies to integrate food safety messaging into all food-related agricultural, nutrition, and health promotion programs. 
(b) H
EALTH ADVISORIES .—The Adminis-
trator, in consultation with such other Fed-eral departments and agencies as the Admin-istrator determines necessary, shall work with the States and other appropriate enti-ties— 
(1) to develop and distribute regional and 
national advisories concerning food safety; 
(2) to develop standardized formats for 
written and broadcast advisories; 
(3) to incorporate State and local 
advisories into the national public education program established under subsection (a); and 
(4) to present prompt, specific information 
regarding foods found to pose a threat to the public health. 
SEC. 303. RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
conduct research to carry out this Act, in-cluding studies to— 
(1) improve sanitation and food safety 
practices in the processing of food; 
(2) develop improved techniques to monitor 
and inspect food; 
(3) develop efficient, rapid, and sensitive 
methods to detect contaminants in food; 
(4) determine the sources of contamination 
of contaminated food; 
(5) develop food consumption data; (6) identify ways that animal production 
techniques could improve the safety of the food supply; 
(7) draw upon research and educational 
programs that exist at the State and local level; 
(8) determine the food safety education 
needs of vulnerable populations, including children less than 10 years of age, pregnant women, adults 65 years of age and older, and individuals with compromised immune sys-tems; 
(9) utilize the partial or full genome se-
quencing system and other processes to iden-tify and control pathogens; 
(10) address common and emerging 
zoonotic diseases; 
(11) develop methods to reduce or destroy 
harmful pathogens before, during, and after processing; 
(12) analyze the incidence of antibiotic re-
sistance as it pertains to the food supply and develop new methods to reduce infection by antibiotic resistant bacteria in humans and animals; and 
(13) conduct other research that supports 
the purposes of this Act. 
(b) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Adminis-
trator may enter into contracts and agree-ments with any State, university, Federal Government agency, or person to carry out this section. 
TITLE IV—ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 401. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
It is prohibited— 
(1) to manufacture, introduce, deliver for 
introduction, or receive into interstate com-merce any food that is adulterated, mis-branded, or otherwise unsafe; 
(2) to adulterate or misbrand any food in 
interstate commerce; 
(3) for a food facility or foreign food facil-
ity to fail to register under section 202, or to operate without a valid registration; (4) to refuse to permit access to a food fa-
cility for the inspection and copying of a record as required under section 205(g); 
(5) to fail to establish or maintain any 
record or to make any report as required under section 205(g); 
(6) to refuse to permit entry to or inspec-
tion of a food facility as required under sec-tion 205; 
(7) to fail to provide to the Administrator 
the results of a testing or sampling of a food, equipment, or material in contact with con-taminated food under section 205(g)(1)(B); 
(8) to fail to comply with an applicable 
provision of, or a regulation or order of the Administrator under, section 202, 204, or 208; 
(9) to slaughter an animal that is capable 
for use in whole or in part as human food at a food facility processing any such food for commerce, except in compliance with the food safety law; 
(10) to fail to comply with a recall or other 
order under section 402; or 
(11) to otherwise violate the food safety 
law. 
SEC. 402. MANDATORY RECALL AUTHORITY. 
(a) V OLUNTARY PROCEDURES .—If the Ad-
ministrator determines that there is a rea-sonable probability that an article of food (other than infant formula) is adulterated or misbranded and the use of or exposure to such article will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals, the Administrator shall provide the owner, operator, or agent in charge of the facility that created, caused, or was otherwise re-sponsible for such food with an opportunity to cease distribution and recall such article. 
(b) P
REHEARING ORDER TO CEASE DISTRIBU -
TION AND GIVENOTICE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If the owner, operator, or 
agent in charge of the facility refuses to or does not voluntarily cease distribution or re-call such article within the time and in the manner prescribed by the Administrator (if so prescribed), the Administrator may by order require, as the Administrator deems necessary, such person to— 
(A) immediately cease distribution of such 
article; 
(B) as applicable, immediately notify all 
persons manufacturing, processing, packing, transporting, distributing, receiving, hold-ing, or importing and selling such article; and 
(C) to which such article has been distrib-
uted, transported, or sold, immediately cease distribution of such article. 
(2) R
EQUIRED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If an article of food cov-
ered by a recall order issued under paragraph (1)(B) has been distributed to a warehouse- based, third-party logistics provider without providing such provider sufficient informa-tion to know or reasonably determine the precise identity of the article of food covered by a recall order that is in its possession, the notice provided by the responsible party sub-ject to the order issued under paragraph (1)(B) shall include such information as is necessary for the warehouse-based, third- party logistics provider to identify the food. 
(B) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed— 
(i) to exempt a warehouse-based, third- 
party logistics provider from the require-ments of food safety law; or 
(ii) to exempt a warehouse-based, third- 
party logistics provider from being the sub-ject of a mandatory recall order. 
(3) D
ETERMINATION TO LIMIT AREAS AF -
FECTED .—If the Administrator requires an 
owner, operator, or agent in charge of the fa-cility to cease distribution under paragraph (1)(A) of an article of food identified in sub-section (a), the Administrator may limit the size of the geographic area and the markets 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S598 January 28, 2015 
affected by such cessation if such limitation 
would not compromise the public health. 
(c) H EARING ON ORDER .—The Administrator 
shall provide the owner, operator, or agent in charge of the facility subject to an order under subsection (b) with an opportunity for an informal hearing, to be held as soon as 
possible, but not later than 2 days after the issuance of the order, on the actions required by the order and on why the article that is the subject of the order should not be re-called. 
(d) P
OST-HEARING RECALL ORDER AND MODI-
FICATION OF ORDER .— 
(1) A MENDMENT OF ORDER .—If, after pro-
viding opportunity for an informal hearing under subsection (c), the Administrator de-termines that removal of the article from commerce is necessary, the Administrator shall, as appropriate— 
(A) amend the order to require recall of 
such article or other appropriate action; 
(B) specify a timetable in which the recall 
shall occur; 
(C) require periodic reports to the Admin-
istrator describing the progress of the recall; and 
(D) provide notice to consumers to whom 
such article was, or may have been, distrib-uted. 
(2) V
ACATING OF ORDER .—If, after such 
hearing, the Administrator determines that adequate grounds do not exist to continue the actions required by the order, or that such actions should be modified, the Admin-istrator shall vacate the order or modify the order. 
(e) R
ULE REGARDING ALCOHOLIC BEV-
ERAGES .—The Administrator shall not ini-
tiate a mandatory recall or take any other action under this section with respect to any alcohol beverage until the Administrator has provided the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau with a reasonable opportunity to cease distribution and recall such article under the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau’s authority. 
(f) C
OOPERATION AND CONSULTATION .—The 
Administrator shall work with State and local public health officials in carrying out this section, as appropriate. 
(g) P
UBLIC NOTIFICATION .—In conducting a 
recall under this section, the Administrator shall— 
(1) ensure that a press release is published 
regarding the recall, as well as alerts and public notices, as appropriate, in order to provide notification— 
(A) of the recall to consumers and retailers 
to whom such article was, or may have been, distributed; and 
(B) that includes, at a minimum— (i) the name of the article of food subject 
to the recall; 
(ii) a description of the risk associated 
with such article; and 
(iii) to the extent practicable, information 
for consumers about similar articles of food that are not affected by the recall; 
(2) provide to the public a list of retail con-
signees receiving products for which there is determined to be a reasonable probability that eating the food will cause serious ad-verse health consequences or death to hu-mans or animals; and 
(3) if available, publish on the Internet 
website of the Administration an image of the article that is the subject of the press re-lease described in paragraph (1). 
(h) N
ODELEGATION .—The authority con-
ferred by this section to order a recall or va-cate a recall order shall not be delegated to any officer or employee other than the Ad-ministrator. 
(i) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section shall 
affect the authority of the Administrator to request or participate in a voluntary recall, or to issue an order to cease distribution or to recall under any other provision of the 
food safety law or under the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). 
(j) C
OORDINATED COMMUNICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To assist in carrying out 
the requirements of this subsection, the Ad-ministrator shall establish an incident com-mand operation or a similar operation that will operate not later than 24 hours after the initiation of a mandatory recall or the recall of an article of food for which the use of, or exposure to, such article will cause serious adverse health consequences or death to hu-mans or animals. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To reduce the poten-
tial for miscommunication during recalls or regarding investigations of a foodborne ill-ness outbreak associated with a food that is subject to a recall, each incident command operation or similar operation under para-graph (1) shall use regular staff and re-sources of the Administration to— 
(A) ensure timely and coordinated commu-
nication within the Administration, includ-ing enhanced communication and coordina-tion between different agencies and organi-zations within the Administration; 
(B) ensure timely and coordinated commu-
nication from the Administration, including public statements, throughout the duration of the investigation and related foodborne illness outbreak; 
(C) identify a single point of contact with-
in the Administration for public inquiries re-garding any actions by the Administrator re-lated to a recall; 
(D) coordinate with Federal, State, local, 
and tribal authorities, as appropriate, that have responsibilities related to the recall of a food or a foodborne illness outbreak associ-ated with a food that is subject to the recall, including notification of the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Education in the event such recalled food is a com-modity intended for use in a child nutrition program (as defined in section 25(b) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769f(b))); and 
(E) conclude operations at such time as the 
Administrator determines appropriate. 
(3) M
ULTIPLE RECALLS .—The Administrator 
may establish multiple or concurrent inci-dent command operations or similar oper-ations in the event of multiple recalls or foodborne illness outbreaks. 
(4) F
EES APPLICABLE TO ALL FACILITIES .— 
Fees described in section 743 of Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379j–31) for not complying with a recall order are appli-cable to all food facilities under this Act as if— 
(A) the term ‘‘responsible party’’ means 
‘‘owner, operator, or agent in charge of the facility’’; and 
(B) references to section 423 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 350 l) 
are references to section 402 of this Act. 
SEC. 403. INJUNCTION PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) J URISDICTION .—The district courts of 
the United States, and the United States courts of the territories and possessions of the United States, shall have jurisdiction, for cause shown, to restrain a violation of section 202, 203, 204, 207, or 401 (or a regula-tion promulgated under that section). 
(b) T
RIAL.—In a case in which violation of 
an injunction or restraining order issued under this section also constitutes a viola-tion of the food safety law, trial shall be by the court or, upon demand of the accused, by a jury. 
SEC. 404. CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES. 
(a) C IVILSANCTIONS .— 
(1) C IVIL PENALTY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Any person that commits 
an act that violates the food safety law may be assessed a civil penalty by the Adminis-trator of not more than $10,000 for each such 
act. 
(B) S
EPARATE OFFENSE .—Each act de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) and each day during which that act continues shall be con-sidered a separate offense. 
(2) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .— 
(A) W RITTEN ORDER .—The civil penalty de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be assessed by the Administrator by a written order, which shall specify the amount of the penalty and the basis for the penalty under subparagraph (B) considered by the Administrator. 
(B) A
MOUNT OF PENALTY .—Subject to para-
graph (1)(A), the amount of the civil penalty shall be determined by the Administrator, after considering— 
(i) the gravity of the violation; (ii) the degree of culpability of the person; (iii) the size and type of the business of the 
person; and 
(iv) any history of prior offenses by the 
person under the food safety law. 
(C) R
EVIEW OF ORDER .—The order may be 
reviewed only in accordance with subsection (c). 
(b) C
RIMINAL SANCTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), a person that know-ingly produces or introduces into commerce food that is unsafe or otherwise adulterated or misbranded shall be imprisoned for not more than 1 year or fined not more than $10,000, or both. 
(2) S
EVERE VIOLATIONS .—A person that 
commits a violation described in paragraph (1) after a conviction of that person under this section has become final, or commits such a violation with the intent to defraud or mislead, shall be imprisoned for not more than 3 years or fined not more than $100,000, or both. 
(3) E
XCEPTION .—No person shall be subject 
to the penalties of this subsection— 
(A) for having received, proffered, or deliv-
ered in interstate commerce any food, if the receipt, proffer, or delivery was made in good faith, unless that person refuses to furnish (on request of an officer or employee des-ignated by the Administrator)— 
(i) the name, address, and contact informa-
tion of the person from whom that person purchased or received the food; 
(ii) copies of all documents relating to the 
person from whom that person purchased or received the food; and 
(iii) copies of all documents pertaining to 
the delivery of the food to that person; or 
(B) if that person establishes a guaranty 
signed by, and containing the name and ad-dress of, the person from whom that person received in good faith the food, stating that the food is not adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of this Act. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An order assessing a civil 
penalty under subsection (a) shall be a final order unless the person— 
(A) not later than 30 days after the effec-
tive date of the order, files a petition for ju-dicial review of the order in the United States court of appeals for the circuit in which that person resides or has its principal place of business or the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and 
(B) simultaneously serves a copy of the pe-
tition by certified mail to the Adminis-trator. 
(2) F
ILING OF RECORD .—Not later than 45 
days after the service of a copy of the peti-tion under paragraph (1)(B), the Adminis-trator shall file in the court a certified copy of the administrative record upon which the order was issued. 
(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The findings of 
the Administrator relating to the order shall be set aside only if found to be unsupported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S599 January 28, 2015 
by substantial evidence on the record as a 
whole. 
(d) C OLLECTION ACTIONS FOR FAILURE TO  
PAY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If any person fails to pay 
a civil penalty assessed under subsection (a) after the order assessing the penalty has be-come a final order, or after the court of ap-peals described in subsection (b) has entered final judgment in favor of the Administrator, the Administrator shall refer the matter to the Attorney General, who shall institute in a United States district court of competent jurisdiction a civil action to recover the amount assessed. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON REVIEW .—In a civil action 
under paragraph (1), the validity and appro-priateness of the order of the Administrator assessing the civil penalty shall not be sub-ject to judicial review. 
(e) P
ENALTIES PAID INTO ACCOUNT .—The 
Administrator— 
(1) shall deposit penalties collected under 
this section in an account in the Treasury; and 
(2) may use the funds in the account, with-
out further appropriation or fiscal year limi-tation— 
(A) to carry out enforcement activities 
under food safety law; or 
(B) to provide assistance to States to in-
spect retail commercial food establishments or other food or firms under the jurisdiction of State food safety programs. 
(f) D
ISCRETION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR TO  
PROSECUTE .—Nothing in this Act requires 
the Administrator to report for prosecution, or for the commencement of an action, the violation of the food safety law in a case in which the Administrator finds that the pub-lic interest will be adequately served by the assessment of a civil penalty under this sec-tion. 
(g) R
EMEDIES NOTEXCLUSIVE .—The rem-
edies provided in this section may be in addi-tion to, and not exclusive of, other remedies that may be available. 
SEC. 405. PRESUMPTION. 
In any action to enforce the requirements 
of the food safety law, the connection with interstate commerce required for jurisdic-tion shall be presumed to exist. 
SEC. 406. WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION. 
Section 1012 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 399d) shall apply with respect to any violation of, or any act or omission an employee reasonably believes to be a violation of, any provision of this Act to the same extent and in the same manner as such section 1012 applies with respect to a violation of, or any act or omission an em-ployee reasonably believes to be a violation of, any provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). 
SEC. 407. ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the efficient adminis-
tration and enforcement of the food safety law, the provisions (including provisions re-lating to penalties) of sections 6, 8, 9, and 10 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 46, 48, 49, and 50) (except subsections (c) through (h) of section 6 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 46)), relating to the jurisdiction, pow-ers, and duties of the Federal Trade Commis-sion and the Attorney General to administer and enforce that Act, and to the rights and duties of persons with respect to whom the powers are exercised, shall apply to the juris-diction, powers, and duties of the Adminis-trator and the Attorney General in admin-istering and enforcing the provisions of the food safety law and to the rights and duties of persons with respect to whom the powers are exercised, respectively. 
(b) I
NQUIRIES AND ACTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in 
person or by such agents as the Adminis-trator may designate, may prosecute any in-
quiry necessary to carry out the duties of the Administrator under the food safety law in any part of the United States. 
(2) P
OWERS .—The powers conferred by sec-
tions 9 and 10 of the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act (15 U.S.C. 49, 50) on the United States district courts may be exercised for the purposes of this chapter by any United States district court of competent jurisdic-tion. 
SEC. 408. CITIZEN CIVIL ACTIONS. 
(a) C IVIL ACTIONS .—A person may com-
mence a civil action against— 
(1) a person that violates a regulation (in-
cluding a regulation establishing a perform-ance standard), order, or other action of the Administrator to ensure the safety of food; or 
(2) the Administrator (in his or her capac-
ity as the Administrator), if the Adminis-trator fails to perform an act or duty to en-sure the safety of food that is not discre-tionary under the food safety law. 
(b) C
OURT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The action shall be com-
menced in the United States district court for the district in which the defendant re-sides, is found, or has an agent. 
(2) J
URISDICTION .—The court shall have ju-
risdiction, without regard to the amount in controversy or the citizenship of the parties, to enforce a regulation (including a regula-tion establishing a performance standard), order, or other action of the Administrator, or to order the Administrator to perform the act or duty. 
(3) D
AMAGES .—The court may— 
(A) award damages, in the amount of dam-
ages actually sustained; and 
(B) if the court determines it to be in the 
interest of justice, award the plaintiff the costs of suit, including reasonable attorney’s fees, reasonable expert witness fees, and pen-alties. 
(c) R
EMEDIES NOTEXCLUSIVE .—The rem-
edies provided for in this section shall be in addition to, and not exclusive of, other rem-edies that may be available. 
TITLE V—IMPLEMENTATION 
SEC. 501. DEFINITION. 
For purposes of this title, the term ‘‘tran-
sition period’’ means the 12-month period be-ginning on the effective date of this Act. 
SEC. 502. REORGANIZATION PLAN. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF PLAN.—Not later than 
180 days after the effective date of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appro-priate congressional committees a reorga-nization plan regarding the following: 
(1) The transfer of agencies, personnel, as-
sets, and obligations to the Administration 
pursuant to this Act. 
(2) Any consolidation, reorganization, or 
streamlining of agencies transferred to the Administration pursuant to this Act. 
(b) P
LANELEMENTS .—The plan transmitted 
under subsection (a) shall contain, con-sistent with this Act, such elements as the President determines appropriate, including the following: 
(1) Identification of any functions of agen-
cies designated to be transferred to the Ad-ministration pursuant to this Act that will not be transferred to the Administration under the plan. 
(2) Specification of the steps to be taken by 
the Administrator to organize the Adminis-tration, including the delegation or assign-ment of functions transferred to the Admin-istration among the officers of the Adminis-tration in order to permit the Administra-tion to carry out the functions transferred under the plan. 
(3) Specification of the funds available to 
each agency that will be transferred to the Administration as a result of transfers under the plan. (4) Specification of the proposed alloca-
tions within the Administration of unex-pended funds transferred in connection with transfers under the plan. 
(5) Specification of any proposed disposi-
tion of property, facilities, contracts, records, and other assets and obligations of agencies transferred under the plan. 
(6) Specification of the proposed alloca-
tions within the Administration of the func-tions of the agencies and subdivisions that are not related directly to ensuring the safe-ty of food. 
(c) M
ODIFICATION OF PLAN.—The President 
may, on the basis of consultations with the appropriate congressional committees, mod-ify or revise any part of the plan until that part of the plan becomes effective in accord-ance with subsection (d). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The reorganization plan 
described in this section, including any modifications or revisions of the plan under subsection (c), shall become effective for an agency on the earlier of— 
(A) the date specified in the plan (or the 
plan as modified pursuant to subsection (c)), except that such date may not be earlier than 90 days after the date the President has transmitted the reorganization plan to the appropriate congressional committees pursu-ant to subsection (a); or 
(B) the end of the transition period. (2) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection may be construed to require the transfer of functions, personnel, records, balances of appropriations, or other assets of an agency on a single date. 
(3) S
UPERCEDES EXISTING LAW .—Paragraph 
(1) shall apply notwithstanding section 905(b) of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 503. TRANSITIONAL AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROVISION OF ASSISTANCE BY OFFI-
CIALS .—Until the transfer of an agency to 
the Administration, any official having au-thority over or function relating to the agen-cy immediately before the effective date of this Act shall provide the Administrator such assistance, including the use of per-sonnel and assets, as the Administrator may request in preparing for the transfer and in-tegration of the agency to the Administra-tion. 
(b) S
ERVICES AND PERSONNEL .—During the 
transition period, upon the request of the Administrator, the head of any Executive agency may, on a reimbursable basis, provide services or detail personnel to assist with the transition. 
(c) A
CTING OFFICIALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During the transition pe-
riod, pending the advice and consent of the Senate to the appointment of an officer re-quired by this Act to be appointed by and with such advice and consent, the President may designate any officer whose appoint-ment was required to be made by and with such advice and consent and who was such an officer immediately before the effective date of this Act (and who continues to be in of-fice) or immediately before such designation, to act in such office until the same is filled as provided in this Act. 
(2) C
OMPENSATION .—While acting pursuant 
to paragraph (1), such officers shall receive compensation at the higher of— 
(A) the rates provided by this Act for the 
respective offices in which they act; or 
(B) the rates provided for the offices held 
at the time of designation. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this Act shall 
be construed to require the advice and con-sent of the Senate to the appointment by the President to a position in the Administra-tion of any officer whose agency is trans-ferred to the Administration pursuant to this Act and whose duties following such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S600 January 28, 2015 
transfer are germane to those performed be-
fore such transfer. 
(d) T RANSFER OF PERSONNEL , ASSETS , OBLI-
GATIONS , ANDFUNCTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with section 
1531 of title 31, United States Code, the per-sonnel, assets, liabilities, contracts, prop-erty, records, and unexpended balances of ap-propriations, authorizations, allocations, and other funds that relate to the functions transferred under subsection (a) from a Fed-eral agency shall be transferred to the Ad-ministration. 
(2) U
NEXPENDED FUNDS .—Unexpended funds 
transferred under this subsection shall be used by the Administration only for the pur-poses for which the funds were originally au-thorized and appropriated. 
SEC. 504. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
(a) C OMPLETED ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .— 
The enactment of this Act or the transfer of functions under this Act shall not affect any order, determination, rule, regulation, per-mit, personnel action, agreement, grant, contract, certificate, license, registration, privilege, or other administrative action issued, made, granted, or otherwise in effect or final with respect to that agency on the day before the transfer date with respect to the transferred functions. 
(b) P
ENDING PROCEEDINGS .—Subject to the 
authority of the Administrator under this Act— 
(1) pending proceedings in an agency, in-
cluding notices of proposed rulemaking, and applications for licenses, permits, certifi-cates, grants, and financial assistance, shall continue notwithstanding the enactment of this Act or the transfer of the agency to the Administration, unless discontinued or modified under the same terms and condi-tions and to the same extent that such dis-continuance could have occurred if such en-actment or transfer had not occurred; and 
(2) orders issued in such proceedings, and 
appeals from those orders, and payments made pursuant to such orders, shall be issued in the same manner on the same terms as if this Act had not been enacted or the agency had not been transferred, and any such order shall continue in effect until amended, modi-fied, superceded, terminated, set aside, or re-voked by an officer of the United States or a court of competent jurisdiction, or by oper-ation of law. 
(c) P
ENDING CIVILACTIONS .—Subject to the 
authority of the Administrator under this Act, any civil action commenced with regard to that agency pending before that agency on the day before the transfer date with re-spect to the transferred functions shall con-tinue notwithstanding the enactment of this Act or the transfer of an agency to the Ad-ministration. 
(d) R
EFERENCES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—After the transfer of func-
tions from a Federal agency under this Act, any reference in any other Federal law, Ex-ecutive order, rule, regulation, directive, document, or other material to that Federal agency or the head of that agency in connec-tion with the administration or enforcement of the food safety laws shall be deemed to be a reference to the Administration or the Ad-ministrator, respectively. 
(2) S
TATUTORY REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
Statutory reporting requirements that ap-plied in relation to such an agency imme-diately before the effective date of this Act shall continue to apply following such trans-fer if the reporting requirements refer to the agency by name. 
SEC. 505. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Administrator of Food Safety.’’. SEC. 506. ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL AND CON-
FORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Not later than 60 days after the submission 
of the reorganization plan under section 502, the President shall prepare and submit pro-
posed legislation to Congress containing nec-essary and appropriate technical and con-forming amendments to any food safety law to reflect the changes made by this Act. 
SEC. 507. REGULATIONS. 
The Administrator may promulgate such 
regulations as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to perform the duties of the Administrator. 
SEC. 508. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated 
such sums as are necessary to carry out this Act. 
SEC. 509. LIMITATION ON AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS. 
For the fiscal year that includes the effec-
tive date of this Act, the amount authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act shall not exceed— 
(1) the amount appropriated for that fiscal 
year for the Federal agencies identified in section 102(b) for the purpose of admin-istering or enforcing the food safety law; or 
(2) the amount appropriated for those 
agencies for that purpose for the preceding fiscal year, if, as of the effective date of this Act, appropriations for those agencies for the fiscal year that includes the effective date have not yet been made. 
SEC. 510. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by 
this Act take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-
self, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. E NZI, 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. R UBIO, and 
Mr. S COTT): 
S. 288. A bill to amend the National 
Labor Relations Act to reform the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, the Of-fice of the General Counsel, and the process for appellate review, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
today I am reintroducing the NLRB Reform Act with Senator M
CCONNELL . 
Our legislation will change the Na-
tional Labor Relations Board from an advocate to an umpire. 
The board was created 80 years ago to 
act as an impartial umpire in labor dis-putes that threaten the free flow of commerce. 
The board’s decisions affect about 85 
million private-sector workers and 5.7 million private-sector employers. 
But over time, the board has become 
an advocate for one interest group over the other—changing positions with each new administration. 
There are three significant problems 
the board faces today: 
First, the biggest problem is partisan 
advocacy. Today, the majority of the 5- member board is made up of appointees who follow the president’s political leanings. President Obama has ap-pointed 3 labor union lawyers to the board. 
Second, the board has a freewheeling 
advocate for a general counsel. The board’s most recent general counsels have been exceeding their statutory authority and bringing questionable cases that threaten American jobs. Third, it is too slow to resolve dis-
putes. Right now, 145 cases, that is 32 percent of the board’s caseload, have been pending for more than a year. 
Our bill provides three fixes. First, it ends partisan advocacy. A 6- 
member board of 3 Republicans and 3 Democrats and a majority of 4 will re-quire both sides to find a middle ground. 
Second, it reins in the general coun-
sel. Businesses and unions would be able to challenge complaints filed by the General Counsel in Federal district court, and they will have greater trans-parency about the basis and legal rea-soning of charges brought by the Gen-eral Counsel. 
Third, it encourages timely decisions 
in two ways. First, either party in a case before the board may appeal to a Federal Court of Appeals if the board fails to reach a decision in their case within one year. 
Second, funding for the entire NLRB 
would be reduced by 20 percent if the board is not able to decide 90 percent of its cases within one year over the first 2-year period post-reform. 
Our bill would offer these solutions 
without taking away rights or rem-edies for any employee, business, or union. 
While the increasing partisanship at 
the board has occurred in Republican administrations as well as Democrat administrations, it has reached a cli-max in this administration. 
Three of President Obama’s recent 
nominees came to the board from a major labor union’s leadership. 
One labor law professor at a major 
university recently said that she can’t even use the most recent textbook, in-stead she has to resort to handing out NLRB decisions. The decisions are coming out so rapidly and this NLRB is venturing into new territory with ef-forts at rulemaking. 
This is no way to maintain a na-
tional labor law policy. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
CASEY , and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 289. A bill to prioritize funding for 
an expanded and sustained national in-vestment in biomedical research; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 289 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Cures Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CAP ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 251(b)(2) of the 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.032 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S601 January 28, 2015 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the 
following: 
‘‘(D) B IOMEDICAL RESEARCH .— 
‘‘(i) N ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH .—If a 
bill or joint resolution making appropria-tions for a fiscal year is enacted that speci-fies amounts for the National Institutes of Health at the Department of Health and Human Services, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of addi-tional new budget authority provided in that Act for such programs for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $1,741,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $3,422,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $5,167,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $7,085,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $9,149,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $11,435,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority. 
‘‘(ii) C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  
PREVENTION .—If a bill or joint resolution 
making appropriations for a fiscal year is en-acted that specifies amounts for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention at the Department of Health and Human Services, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for such pro-grams for that fiscal year, but shall not ex-ceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $716,000,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $1,287,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $1,503,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $1,980,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $2,298,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $2,884,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority. 
‘‘(iii) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEALTH PRO -
GRAM .—If a bill or joint resolution making 
appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies amounts for the Department of Defense health program, then the adjust-ments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for such programs for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $57,402,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $139,213,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $226,460,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $322,742,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $425,700,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $540,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority. 
‘‘(iv) M
EDICAL AND PROSTHETICS RESEARCH  
PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS .—If a bill or joint resolution making 
appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies amounts for the medical and prosthetics research program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, then the adjust-ments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for such programs for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $25,201,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $52,945,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $80,866,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; ‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $112,189,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $146,157,000 in addi-
tional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $184,027,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority. 
‘‘(v) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this subpara-
graph: 
‘‘(I) A DDITIONAL NEW BUDGET AUTHORITY .— 
The term ‘additional new budget authority’ means— 
‘‘(aa) with respect to the National Insti-
tutes of Health, the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount provided in fiscal year 2015, in an appropriation Act and specified to support the National Insti-tutes of Health; 
‘‘(bb) with respect to the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount provided in fiscal year 2015, in an ap-propriation Act and specified to support the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; 
‘‘(cc) with respect to the Department of 
Defense health program, the amount pro-vided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount provided in fiscal year 2015, in an ap-propriation Act and specified to support the Department of Defense health program; and 
‘‘(dd) with respect to the medical and pros-
thetics research program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of the amount pro-vided in fiscal year 2015, in an appropriation Act and specified to support the medical and prosthetics research program of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(II) C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  
PREVENTION .—The term ‘Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention’ means the appro-priations accounts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion. 
‘‘(III) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEALTH  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘Department of Defense 
health program’ means the appropriations accounts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the De-partment of Defense health program. 
‘‘(IV) M
EDICAL AND PROSTHETICS RESEARCH  
PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS .—The term ‘medical and prosthetics 
research program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs’ means the appropriations ac-counts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the med-ical and prosthetics research program of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(V) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH .—The 
term ‘National Institutes of Health’ means the appropriations accounts that support the various institutes, offices, and centers that make up the National Institutes of Health.’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—There are hereby authorized 
to be appropriated— 
(1) for the National Institutes of Health, 
the amounts provided for under clause (i) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be necessary for each subsequent fiscal year; 
(2) for the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, acting through the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, the amounts provided for under clause (ii) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be nec-essary for each subsequent fiscal year; 
(3) for the Department of Defense health 
program, the amounts provided for under clause (iii) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be necessary for each sub-sequent fiscal year; and 
(4) for the Medical and prosthetics research 
program of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the amounts provided for under clause (iv) of such section 251(b)(2)(D) in each of fis-
cal years 2016 through 2021, and such sums as may be necessary for each subsequent fiscal year. 
(c) M
INIMUM CONTINUED FUNDING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Amounts appropriated for each of the 
programs and agencies described in section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (as added by subsection (a)) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and each subsequent fiscal year, shall not be less than the amounts appropriated for such programs and agencies for fiscal year 2015. 
(d) E
XEMPTION OF CERTAIN APPROPRIATIONS  
FROMSEQUESTRATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 255(g)(1)(A) of the 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act (2 U.S.C. 905(g)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘Advances to the Unem-ployment Trust Fund and Other Funds (16– 0327–0–1–600).’’ the following: 
‘‘Appropriations under the American Cures 
Act.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to any sequestra-tion order issued under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) on or after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. E NZI, Mr. C RUZ, 
and Mrs. F ISCHER ): 
S. 292. A bill to amend the Endan-
gered Species Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are en-dangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 292 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘21st Century 
Endangered Species Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENT TO PUBLISH ON INTER-
NET BASIS FOR LISTINGS. 
Section 4(b) of the Endangered Species Act 
(16 U.S.C. 1533(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(9) P
UBLICATION ON INTERNET OF BASIS FOR  
LISTINGS .—The Secretary shall make pub-
licly available on the Internet the best sci-entific and commercial data available that are the basis for each regulation, including each proposed regulation, promulgated under subsection (a)(1), except that, at the request of a Governor or legislature of a State, the Secretary shall not make available under this paragraph information regarding which the State has determined public disclosure is prohibited by a law of that State relating to the protection of personal information.’’. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. V IT-
TER, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. H ELLER , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. W ICKER ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.039 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S602 January 28, 2015 
S. 293. A bill to amend the Endan-
gered Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain set-tlements; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 293 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Endangered Species Act of 
1973 (16 U.S.C. 1532) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating— (A) paragraphs (1) through (4) as para-
graphs (2) through (5), respectively; 
(B) paragraphs (5) through (10) as para-
graphs (7) through (12), respectively; and 
(C) paragraphs (12) through (21) as para-
graphs (13) through (22), respectively; 
(2) by adding before paragraph (2) (as so re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(1) A
FFECTED PARTIES .—The term ‘af-
fected party’ means any person, including a business entity, or any State, tribal govern-ment, or local subdivision the rights of which may be affected by a determination made under section 4(a) in a suit brought under section 11(g)(1)(C).’’; and 
(3) by adding after paragraph (5) (as so re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(6) C
OVERED SETTLEMENT .—The term ‘cov-
ered settlement’ means a consent decree or a settlement agreement in an action brought under section 11(g)(1)(C).’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERVENTION; APPROVAL OF COVERED 
SETTLEMENT. 
Section 11(g) of the Endangered Species 
Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1540) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(C) P UBLISHING COMPLAINT ; INTERVEN -
TION.— 
‘‘(i) P UBLISHING COMPLAINT .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the plaintiff serves the defendant with the complaint in an ac-tion brought under paragraph (1)(C) in ac-cordance with Rule 4 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall publish the complaint in a readily accessible manner, including electronically. 
‘‘(II) F
AILURE TO MEET DEADLINE .—The fail-
ure of the Secretary to meet the 30-day dead-line described in subclause (I) shall not be the basis for an action under paragraph (1)(C). 
‘‘(ii) I
NTERVENTION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—After the end of the 30- 
day period described in clause (i), each af-fected party shall be given a reasonable op-portunity to move to intervene in the action described in clause (i), until the end of which a party may not file a motion for a consent decree or to dismiss the case pursuant to a settlement agreement. 
‘‘(II) R
EBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION .—In consid-
ering a motion to intervene by any affected party, the court shall presume, subject to re-buttal, that the interests of that party would not be represented adequately by the parties to the action described in clause (i). 
‘‘(III) R
EFERRAL TO ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE  
RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(aa) I N GENERAL .—If the court grants a 
motion to intervene in the action, the court shall refer the action to facilitate settlement discussions to— 
‘‘(AA) the mediation program of the court; 
or ‘‘(BB) a magistrate judge. 
‘‘(bb) P
ARTIES INCLUDED IN SETTLEMENT DIS -
CUSSIONS .—The settlement discussions de-
scribed in item (aa) shall include each— 
‘‘(AA) plaintiff; ‘‘(BB) defendant agency; and ‘‘(CC) intervenor.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) L
ITIGATION COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the court, in issuing any final order in any suit brought under para-graph (1), may award costs of litigation (in-cluding reasonable attorney and expert wit-ness fees) to any party, whenever the court determines such award is appropriate. 
‘‘(B) C
OVERED SETTLEMENT .— 
‘‘(i) C ONSENT DECREES .—The court shall not 
award costs of litigation in any proposed covered settlement that is a consent decree. 
‘‘(ii) O
THER COVERED SETTLEMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For a proposed covered 
settlement other than a consent decree, the court shall ensure that the covered settle-ment does not include payment to any plain-tiff for the costs of litigation. 
‘‘(II) M
OTIONS .—The court shall not grant 
any motion, including a motion to dismiss, based on the proposed covered settlement de-scribed in subclause (I) if the covered settle-ment includes payment to any plaintiff for the costs of litigation.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A
PPROVAL OF COVERED SETTLEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION OF SPECIES .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘species’ means a species that is the subject of an action brought under paragraph (1)(C). 
‘‘(B) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) C ONSENT DECREES .—The court shall not 
approve a proposed covered settlement that is a consent decree unless each State and county in which the Secretary of the Inte-rior believes a species occurs approves the covered settlement. 
‘‘(ii) O
THER COVERED SETTLEMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For a proposed covered 
settlement other than a consent decree, the court shall ensure that the covered settle-ment is approved by each State and county in which the Secretary of the Interior be-lieves a species occurs. 
‘‘(II) M
OTIONS .—The court shall not grant 
any motion, including a motion to dismiss, based on the proposed covered settlement de-scribed in subclause (I) unless the covered settlement is approved by each State and county in which the Secretary of the Inte-rior believes a species occurs. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-
terior shall provide each State and county in which the Secretary of the Interior believes a species occurs notice of a proposed covered settlement. 
‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION OF RELEVANT STATES  
AND COUNTIES .—The defendant in a covered 
settlement shall consult with each State de-scribed in clause (i) to determine each coun-ty in which the Secretary of the Interior be-lieves a species occurs. 
‘‘(D) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—The court may 
approve a covered settlement or grant a mo-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) if, not later than 45 days after the date on which a State or county is notified under subparagraph (C)— 
‘‘(i)(I) a State or county fails to respond; 
and 
‘‘(II) of the States or counties that re-
spond, each State or county approves the covered settlement; or 
‘‘(ii) all of the States and counties fail to 
respond. 
‘‘(E) P
ROOF OF APPROVAL .—The defendant 
in a covered settlement shall prove any State or county approval described in this 
paragraph in a form— 
‘‘(i) acceptable to the State or county, as 
applicable; and 
‘‘(ii) signed by the State or county official 
authorized to approve the covered settle-ment.’’. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. 
CARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. D AINES , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ROBERTS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , 
Mr. V ITTER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): 
S. 295. A bill to amend section 2259 of 
title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I 
am introducing legislation to help vic-tims of child pornography, one of soci-ety’s most heinous crimes. I am joined by 34 Senators on both sides of the aisle. I hope this legislation will soon become law. 
Sexually exploiting a child distorts 
her life and leaves scars long after the abuse itself ends and the abuser has been prosecuted. For this reason, the Violence Against Women Act includes a provision requiring that in such cases a defendant must pay restitution to cover all of the victim’s losses. Those losses can include future lost income as well as medical care, mental health counseling, and therapy. 
Child pornography isn’t merely the 
record of a child’s sexual abuse, it is itself an instance of abuse. The ongoing trafficking and those images pile harm upon harm. As a result, it becomes even more difficult for a victim to put together a life that was shattered be-fore it had barely begun. 
As the Supreme Court has recog-
nized, ‘‘every viewing of child pornog-raphy is a repetition of the victim’s abuse.’’ The current restitution statute was enacted in 1994, before the Internet became prime real estate for traf-ficking of child pornography. 
It puts victims in an impossible bind. 
In a case decided last spring, the Su-preme Court said the current restitu-tion statute requires the victim to prove how much of her losses were spe-cifically caused by a single defendant’s possession of her images. With a bur-den like that, it is no wonder that under this statute victims receive no restitution at all in more than three- quarters of child pornography cases. 
The cruel irony today is that the 
more individuals who participate in harming a victim, the less any of them is financially responsible, and the less timely help the victim will receive. Perpetrators are easily lost in a crowd. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.040 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S603 January 28, 2015 
The bill I introduce today will amend 
the restitution statute so that it works for child pornography victims. It is named for Amy and Vicky, brave women who are the victims of two of the most widely viewed child pornog-raphy series in the world. Amy’s case went before the Supreme Court last year, and my staff worked with the legal team for these women in devel-oping this bill. 
I want to mention in particular 
James Marsh, whose legal practice in New York focuses exclusively on help-ing victims; Professor Paul Cassell at the University of Utah, who argued Amy’s case before the Supreme Court; and Carol Hepburn, who practices law in Seattle on behalf of Vicky and many other victims. 
This bill changes the current restitu-
tion statute in three important ways so that it works for child pornography victims. First, it gives judges options for determining a victim’s losses and calculating restitution. Second, it gives judges the ability to impose res-titution on defendants in different kinds of cases to ensure that victims actually receive meaningful restitu-tion. Third, it shifts the burden of chasing defendants all over the country from victims to defendants who can share the restitution costs with other defendants. 
Both Amy and Vicky personally sup-
port this bill. I am also pleased that many national victim advocacy groups support this bill, including the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children, the National Organization for Victim Assistance, the National Crime Victim Law Institute, the National Center for Victims of Crime, and the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women. 
Last October I received a letter en-
dorsing this bill signed by the attor-neys general of 43 States, 22 Repub-licans and 21 Democrats. 
I want to share with my colleagues 
the story of a young man, a Utah resi-dent, who uses the name Andy. 
Between the ages of 7 and 12, he was 
sexually abused by a trusted adult and family friend. Dr. David Corwin, the University of Utah child psychologist who examined him, said that based on 30 years of experience with child sexual abuse victims, the images and videos of Andy’s abuse were the most disturbing he had ever seen. 
According to the FBI, the images and 
videos created from Andy’s abuse are one of the most widely distributed boy series in the country. The FBI says that as of last month Andy is a named victim in 726 cases. He has been grant-ed restitution in 24 of the 101 cases in which he requested it and has collected anything at all in only 2 cases. 
Andy wrote to support the bill I am 
introducing today. He addresses letters to the Members of the Congress, which means that he is writing to each Mem-ber of this body. Andy says this legisla-tion will prevent him from having to spend decades trying to recover minus-cule amounts of restitution from hun-
dreds, if not thousands of defendants all over the country. I want my col-leagues to hear his words: 
My images may never be taken off the 
Internet and may always be circulating around the country. At least with this con-gressional change, I can start to heal, learn how to handle my circumstances, and re- build my life. 
There are many more Amys, Vickys, 
and Andys than any of us want to admit, and they need our help. In our system of government, we have the re-sponsibility to pass or change legisla-tion to address issues and problems Americans face. All the courts could do was confirm that the current restitu-tion statute is no longer suited to help child pornography victims. It is now up to us to do our duty and enact a stat-ute that will. Amy, Vicky, and Andy are counting on us, and we must not let them down. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 43—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CHILDREN TRAF-FICKED IN THE UNITED STATES SHOULD BE TREATED AS VIC-TIMS, AND NOT CRIMINALS, ES-PECIALLY DURING THE UPCOM-ING SUPER BOWL, AN EVENT AROUND WHICH MANY CHILDREN ARE AT RISK FOR BEING TRAF-FICKED FOR SEX 
Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 43 
Whereas according to the Department of 
Justice, there are currently an estimated 293,000 children in the United States at risk of commercial sexual exploitation; 
Whereas the victims of child sex traf-
ficking are often hidden in plain view, and may be found standing around bus stops, staying in runaway youth shelters, or adver-tised for commercial sex online; 
Whereas the average age of entry into sex 
trafficking is between just 12 and 14 years old; 
Whereas child victims of trafficking are 
often abducted or lured into running away by traffickers and then routinely raped, drugged, and beaten into submission, and sometimes even branded; 
Whereas it is widely recognized that the 
beloved American tradition of the Super Bowl, an event that draws tens of thousands of fans to the host city, like other major sporting events, leads to a surge in the sex trafficking of underage girls and boys in the host city; and 
Whereas traffickers aggressively advertise 
and sell sex trafficking victims on sites like Backpage.com during the Super Bowl in order to meet the increased demand from those flocking to the host city: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate agrees that— 
(1) law enforcement, the juvenile justice 
system, and social services should treat all children trafficked for sex as victims; and 
(2) Federal and State law enforcement 
agencies should make every effort to arrest and prosecute both traffickers and buyers of children for sex, in accordance with the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act and State child protection laws against abuse and stat-utory rape, and should take all necessary measures to protect the children of the United States from harm. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 44—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDU-CATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
Mr. ALEXANDER submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 44 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $5,105,487, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this resolution shall not exceed $8,752,264, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,646,777, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28JA6.044 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S604 January 28, 2015 
(2) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 45—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSI-NESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
Mr. VITTER submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 45 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,520,944, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this section shall not exceed $2,607,332, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this section shall not exceed $1,086,388, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; (2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 46—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING 
Ms. COLLINS submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; from the Special Committee on Aging; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 46 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions imposed by section 104 of S. Res. 4, agreed to February 4, 1977 (95th Congress), and in exercising the authority conferred on it by such section, the Special Committee on Aging (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discre-tion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,399,763, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $3,055 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $3,000 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,399,594, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $6,000 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $6,000 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $999,831, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $2,500 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $1,500 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.043 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S605 January 28, 2015 
at the earliest practicable date, but not later 
than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 47—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELA-TIONS 
Mr. CORKER submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on Foreign Relations; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 47 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Foreign Relations (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘com-mittee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,889,028, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $58,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof 
(as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $11,600 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this resolution shall not exceed $6,666,904, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $100,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,777,877, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $42,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $8,400 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. SENATE RESOLUTION 48—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY 
Mr. ROBERTS submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 48 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,463,834, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $200,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $40,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this resolution shall not exceed $4,223,716, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $200,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $40,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,759,882, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $200,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $40,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.046 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S606 January 28, 2015 
at the earliest practicable date, but not later 
than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 49—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE SENATE COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS 
Mr. BARRASSO submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; from the Committee on Indian Affairs; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 49 
Resolved, That, in carrying out its powers, 
duties and functions imposed by section 105 of S. Res. 4, agreed to February 4, 1977 (95th Congress), and in exercising the authority conferred on it by that section, the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs is authorized from March 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015; October 1, 2015, through September 30, 2016; and October 1, 2016, through February 28, 2017, in its discretion (1) to make expendi-tures from the contingent fund of the Sen-ate, (2) to employ personnel, and (3) with the prior consent of the Government department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, to use on a reim-bursable, or non-reimbursable, basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The expenses of the committee 
for the period March 1, 2015, through Sep-tember 30, 2015, under this resolution shall not exceed $1,184,317.00, of which amount (1) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of professional staff of such committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1946). (b) For the period October 1, 2015, through 
September 30, 2016, expenses of the com-mittee under this resolution shall not exceed $2,030,258.00, of which amount (1) not to ex-ceed $20,000 may be expended for the procure-ment of the services of individual consult-ants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of professional staff of such com-mittee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946). 
(c) For the period October 1, 2016, through 
February 28, 2017, expenses of the committee under this resolution shall not exceed $845,941.00, of which amount (1) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by sec-tion 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to ex-ceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of professional staff of such committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946). 
S
EC. 3. The committee shall report its find-
ings, together with such recommendations for legislation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
S
EC. 4. Expenses of the committee under 
this resolution shall be paid from the contin-gent fund of the Senate upon vouchers ap-proved by the Chairman of the committee, except that vouchers shall not be required (1) for the disbursement of the salaries of em-ployees paid at an annual rate, or (2) for the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper, United States Senate, or (3) for the payment of stationery supplies purchased through the Keeper of the Stationery, United States Senate, or (4) for payments to the Postmaster, United States Senate, or (5) for the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Ser-geant at Arms and Doorkeeper, United States Senate, or (6) for the payment of Sen-ate Recording and Photographic Services, or (7) for payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper, United States Senate. 
S
EC. 5. There are authorized such sums as 
may be necessary for agency contributions related to the compensation of employees of the committee from March 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015; October 1, 2015, through September 30, 2016; and October 1, 2016, through February 28, 2017, to be paid from the Appropriations account for Expenses of Inquiries and Investigations. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 50—CON-
GRATULATING THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY FOOTBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2015 COLLEGE FOOTBALL PLAYOFF NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 50 
Whereas on January 12, 2015, The Ohio 
State University Buckeyes won the first-ever College Football Playoff national champion-ship with a 42-20 victory over the second- ranked University of Oregon Ducks; 
Whereas the head coach of the Ohio State 
Buckeyes led the Buckeyes to a national championship win in his third year as head coach, bringing the total of national cham-
pionships in collegiate football by The Ohio State University to 8; 
Whereas the head coach of the Ohio State 
Buckeyes became only the second coach to lead 2 separate Football Bowl Subdivision programs to a national championship; 
Whereas the quarterback of the Ohio State 
Buckeyes, number 12, completed 18 passes for 242 yards, scoring 1 rushing touchdown and 1 passing touchdown in just his third start as a collegiate quarterback; 
Whereas the running back of the Ohio 
State Buckeyes, number 15, rushed for 246 yards, scoring 4 touchdowns and earning the title of Offensive Most Valuable Player; 
Whereas the safety of the Ohio State Buck-
eyes, number 23, recorded 9 tackles, earning the title of Defensive Most Valuable Player; 
Whereas the Ohio State Buckeyes finished 
the 2014 season with a record of 14 wins and 1 loss, winning 13 straight games on the road to a national championship; 
Whereas in the 2014 season, the Ohio State 
Buckeyes tied school and National Colle-giate Athletic Association records for the most victories in 1 season, including a 42-28 triumph over rival school, the University of Michigan; 
Whereas the Ohio State Buckeyes won the 
Big Ten Conference championship, which was the first conference championship for The Ohio State University under their current head coach and the 35th since joining the conference in 1912, with a 59-0 win over the Wisconsin Badgers; 
Whereas the Ohio State Buckeyes defeated 
the first-ranked University of Alabama Crimson Tide by a score of 42 to 35 to win the Allstate Sugar Bowl and advance to the na-tional championship game; 
Whereas, The Ohio State University cele-
brated the 125th anniversary of the football program during the 2014 season; 
Whereas the sophomore defensive end of 
the Ohio State Buckeyes, number 97, was recognized as a 2014 unanimous All-American selection, just the 27th player to receive such an honor in the history of the football pro-gram of The Ohio State University; 
Whereas the quarterback of the Ohio State 
Buckeyes, number 16, was named the Big Ten Conference Griese-Brees Quarterback of the 
year; 
Whereas the star defensive end of the Ohio 
State Buckeyes, number 97, was named the Big Ten Conference Smith-Brown Defensive Lineman of the year; 
Whereas 8 football players from The Ohio 
State University were named to all-con-ference teams by Big Ten Conference coach-es; 
Whereas the junior center of the Ohio 
State Buckeyes and Horticulture and Crop Science student, number 50, was 1 of 6 Big Ten Conference student-athletes to be named an Academic All American in football; 
Whereas 12 student-athletes on the cham-
pionship team were named Fall 2014 Aca-demic All-Big Ten Honorees; 
Whereas The Ohio State University Presi-
dent, Interim President, and director of ath-letics have fostered a continuing tradition of athletic and academic excellence at the in-stitution; 
Whereas The Ohio State University is 1 of 
the largest and most comprehensive univer-sities in the United States, and has proven to be a perennial championship contender in National Collegiate Athletic Association football; and 
Whereas The Ohio State University March-
ing Band, cheerleaders, students, faculty, alumni, and fans worldwide have supported the football team through a season filled with adversity and triumph; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.047 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S607 January 28, 2015 
(1) congratulates The Ohio State Univer-
sity Buckeyes football team for winning the 2015 College Football Playoff national cham-pionship; 
(2) recognizes the players, coaches, staff, 
and fans whose hard work led to the cham-pionship; and 
(3) respectfully requests that the Secretary 
of the Senate prepare an official copy of this resolution for presentation to— 
(A) the President of The Ohio State Uni-
versity; 
(B) the director of athletics at The Ohio 
State University; and 
(C) the head coach of The Ohio State Uni-
versity football team. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 51—RECOG-
NIZING THE GOALS OF CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK AND HONORING THE VALUABLE CONTRIBUTIONS OF CATHOLIC SCHOOLS IN THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 51 
Whereas Catholic schools in the United 
States are internationally acclaimed for their academic excellence and provide stu-dents with more than an exceptional scho-lastic education; 
Whereas Catholic schools instill a broad, 
values-based education, emphasizing the life-long development of moral, intellectual, physical, and social values in young people in the United States; 
Whereas Catholic schools provide a high 
level of service to the United States by pro-viding a strong academic and moral founda-tion to a diverse student population from all regions of the country and all socioeconomic backgrounds; 
Whereas Catholic schools are an affordable 
option for parents, particularly in under-served urban areas; 
Whereas Catholic schools produce students 
who are strongly dedicated to their faith, values, families, and communities, by pro-viding an intellectually stimulating environ-ment that is rich in spiritual, character, and moral development; 
Whereas Catholic schools are committed to 
community service, producing graduates who hold ‘‘helping others’’ as a core value; 
Whereas the total student enrollment in 
Catholic schools in the United States for the 2014–2015 academic year is almost 2,000,000 and the student-to-teacher ratio is 13.1 to 1; 
Whereas Catholic schools in the United 
States educate a diverse population of stu-dents, of which 20.4 percent belong to racial minorities, 15.9 percent are of Hispanic or Latino origin, and 16.9 percent are non- Catholics; 
Whereas the Catholic high school gradua-
tion rate in the United States is 99 percent, with 87 percent of graduates attending a 4- year college; 
Whereas in the 1972 pastoral message con-
cerning Catholic education, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops stat-ed, ‘‘Education is one of the most important ways by which the Church fulfills its com-mitment to the dignity of the person and building of community. Community is cen-tral to education ministry, both as a nec-essary condition and an ardently desired goal. The educational efforts of the Church, therefore, must be directed to forming per-sons-in-community; for the education of the individual Christian is important not only to his solitary destiny, but also the destinies of the many communities in which he lives.’’; Whereas the week of January 25, 2015, to 
January 31, 2015, has been designated as ‘‘Na-tional Catholic Schools Week’’ by the Na-tional Catholic Educational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops; 
Whereas the National Catholic Schools 
Week was first established in 1974 and has been celebrated annually for the past 41 years; and 
Whereas the theme for National Catholic 
Schools Week 2015 is ‘‘Catholic Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowledge, and Serv-ice’’; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals of National Catholic 
Schools Week, an event cosponsored by the National Catholic Educational Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and established to recognize the vital contributions of the thousands of Catholic elementary and secondary schools in the United States; and 
(2) commends Catholic schools, students, 
parents, and teachers across the United States for ongoing contributions to edu-cation and for playing a vital role in pro-moting and ensuring a brighter, stronger fu-ture for the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 52—CALLING 
FOR THE RELEASE OF UKRAIN-IAN FIGHTER PILOT NADIYA SAVCHENKO, WHO WAS CAP-TURED BY RUSSIAN FORCES IN EASTERN UKRAINE AND HAS BEEN HELD ILLEGALLY IN A RUSSIAN PRISON SINCE JULY 2014 
Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 52 
Whereas Nadiya Savchenko is the first- 
ever female fighter pilot in Ukraine’s Armed Forces and is an Iraqi war veteran; 
Whereas, in the ongoing conflict in Eastern 
Ukraine, Nadiya Savchenko volunteered her services to the Ukrainian Aidar battalion; 
Whereas Nadiya Savchenko was elected in 
absentia from the Batkivshchyna Party to Ukraine’s Parliament in October 2014, and appointed to the Parliament Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) as a representa-tive from Ukraine; 
Whereas, as a member of the Armed Forces 
of Ukraine, Lieutenant Nadiya Savchenko was conducting operations in eastern Ukraine against pro-Russian forces in the summer of 2014 when she was captured and taken into captivity; 
Whereas, during her mission in Eastern 
Ukraine, she was captured by the Donbas People’s Militia, detained on Ukrainian ter-ritory, deprived of rights to due process, and illegally transferred to the Russian Federa-tion to stand trial on unsubstantiated charges of terrorism; 
Whereas, since July 2014, Nadiya 
Savchenko has endured involuntary psy-chiatric evaluations and solitary confine-ment; 
Whereas Nadiya Savchenko is currently 
entering her sixth week of a hunger strike as a symbol of her protest; 
Whereas Nadiya Savchenko is denied ac-
cess to urgently needed medical attention and access to legal counsel; 
Whereas the Minsk Protocol of September 
2014, signed by Ukraine and the Russian Fed-eration, calls for the ‘‘immediate release of all hostages and illegally held persons’’; 
Whereas appeals have been made to the 
United Nations Human Rights Council and the International Red Cross to secure Nadiya 
Savchenko’s release; 
Whereas the international community, in-
cluding representatives of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) and of the United States, have urged her im-mediate release; 
Whereas, on January 26, 2015, the opening 
day of the Parliamentary Assembly, the global community embarks on a public cam-paign to bring attention to the plight of Nadiya Savchenko and demand her imme-diate release; and 
Whereas the Government and people of the 
United States express concern about the de-teriorating health of detained pilot Nadiya Savchenko and her continued illegal impris-onment: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the Government of the Rus-
sian Federation for its illegal imprisonment of Nadiya Savchenko; 
(2) calls on the Government of the Russian 
Federation to immediately release Nadiya Savchenko; 
(3) calls on the United States, its European 
allies, and the international community to aggressively support efforts to release Nadiya Savchenko and other illegally de-tained persons; and 
(4) expresses solidarity with the Ukrainian 
people. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 247. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and 
Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 247. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself 
and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON RESOURCES REQUIRED TO 
ENSURE SAFE TRANSPORTATION BY PIPELINE AND RAIL OF PETROLEUM PRODUCTS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation and the Administrator of Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion (PHMSA) shall conduct a study on the resources necessary to ensure the safe trans-portation of crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and related products, including by rail and pipeline. The study shall focus on the following priorities: 
(A) Ensuring the safe transportation of 
crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and related products by rail and pipeline. 
(B) Ensuring PHMSA has the necessary 
personnel and other resources, including ac-cess to new and emerging technologies, to properly monitor and regulate the transpor-tation of crude oil, petroleum products, nat-ural gas, natural gas liquids, and related products by rail and pipeline. 
(2) S
COPE.—The study required under this 
subsection shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) An examination of the current and pro-
jected resources and personnel at the Depart-ment of Transportation and PHMSA that are or will be dedicated to regulating, moni-toring, and ensuring the overall safe trans-portation of crude oil, petroleum products, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.048 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S608 January 28, 2015 
natural gas, natural gas liquids, and related 
products by rail and pipeline. 
(B) A determination of the appropriate 
manpower personnel, resources, and funding requirements for all Department and Admin-istration elements that do or are expected to play a significant role in regulating, moni-toring, and ensuring the overall safe trans-portation of crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and related products by rail and pipeline. 
(C) An assessment and description of the 
personnel, resources, and funding needs for each State, and a description of the State, local, and tribal resources and personnel that are dedicated to performing the tasks described in subparagraph (B). 
(D) The development and use of technology 
for each of the Department and Administra-tion elements involved in regulating, moni-toring, or otherwise ensuring the overall safe transportation of crude oil, petroleum prod-ucts, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and re-lated products by rail and pipeline, including whether the elements need additional tech-nological assets and how best to acquire needed additional technological assets. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Transportation and the PHMSA Adminis-trator, in conjunction with the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) The findings of the study conducted 
under subsection (a). 
(B) Input from other Federal agencies that 
have any significant role in the safe trans-portation of crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and related products by rail and pipeline. 
(C) A description of any impending changes 
to regulations or policy that may have an ef-fect on personnel, resources, or funding or that would otherwise impact the ability of the Department and the Administration to meet the basic standards necessary to prop-erly monitor and regulate the transportation of crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and related products by rail and pipeline. 
(D) Recommendations for enhancing safety 
for the transport of crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, natural gas liquids, and related products by rail and pipeline, and what resources, personnel, and funding would be required to implement such rec-ommendations. 
(E) An explanation of why the Department 
or the Administration is not already imple-menting any of such recommendations. 
(F) Recommendations for additional legis-
lation necessary to implement recommenda-tions contained in the report. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, the Committee on Finance, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, the Committee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 4 p.m., in room SR–216 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 1:30 p.m in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 10 a.m. in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Freight Rail Transportation: Enhanc-ing Safety, Efficiency, and Commerce.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The Im-portance of MAP–21 Reauthorization: Federal and State Perspectives.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 11 a.m. in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 9:45 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session on January 28, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDIING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 1:30 p.m. to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America from Cyber Attacks: The Im-portance of Information Sharing.’’ 
The PRESIDIING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on January 28, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:05 p.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Indian Country Priorities for the 114th Congress.’’ 
The PRESIDIING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on January 28, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Attorney General Nomination.’’ 
The PRESIDIING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on Janu-ary 28, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., in room SR– 428A of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDIING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on Janu-ary 28, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDIING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 28, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room S–211 of the Capitol Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.053 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S609 January 28, 2015 
The PRESIDIING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Ariel Marshall and Kelley Sparrow, fellows in my of-fice, be granted the privilege of the floor for the first session of the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Kayla Dolan, a staff member on the staff of Senator T
ILLIS , be granted floor privi-
leges for the remainder of this Con-gress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE OHIO 
STATE UNIVERSITY FOOTBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2015 COLLEGE FOOTBALL PLAYOFF NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 50, which was sub-mitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 50) congratulating 
The Ohio State University football team for winning the 2015 College Football Playoff na-tional championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I further ask unani-
mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 50) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GOALS OF 
CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 51, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 51) recognizing the 
goals of Catholic Schools Week and honoring the valuable contributions of Catholic schools in the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise 
today in honor of Catholic schools across our Nation who provide our chil-dren with an outstanding education while preparing them to lead lives in the example of Jesus Christ. This year, we mark the 41st year of celebrating Catholic Schools Week, shedding light on the extraordinary contributions these schools and their students make to communities across the country. 
This year’s theme, ‘‘Catholic 
Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowl-edge, and Service,’’ provides a solid representation of the mission of these schools in educating the whole person and forming our children into respon-sible stewards ready to take on the challenges of the future. Today, more than 2 million children are educated in Catholic schools in the United States. Ninety-nine percent of them graduate from high school and 85 percent pursue post-secondary education. Such a rate of success is a great testament to the quality of our Catholic schools and their educators. 
As an alumnus of a Catholic school in 
New Orleans, I have firsthand experi-ence of the benefits of receiving a Catholic education. These schools are devoted to nurturing the young minds that pass though their halls each year, instilling in them the values necessary to become active and caring members of their communities, cities, and Na-tion. In the words of Pope Francis, ‘‘[o]ur generation will show that it can rise to the promise found in each young person when we know how to give them space. This means that we have to cre-ate the material and spiritual condi-tions for their full development; to give them a solid basis on which to build their lives; to guarantee their safety and their education to be every-thing they can be.’’ 
During the week of January 25 to 
January 31, let us recognize the stead-fast commitment of the administra-tors, teachers, students, and families, who support Catholic schools across the United States, and appreciate their efforts to educate the youth of our Na-tion. In that respect, I am hopeful that the Senate will pass this resolution 
celebrating Catholic Schools Week. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 51) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
JANUARY 29, 2015 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., tomorrow, Thurs-day, January 29. I ask that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day; and that the Senate then be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half; and that following morning business, the Senate then resume con-sideration of S. 1 under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. HOEVEN. Tomorrow there will 
be two stacks of votes on the Keystone bill. Senators should expect up to seven votes shortly after 11 a.m., and then an additional four or five votes at 2:30 p.m. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:01 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, January 29, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA6.056 S28JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E127 January 28, 2015 
IN MEMORY OF SENATOR 
WENDELL FORD 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
memory of Wendell Hampton Ford. A dedi-cated public servant, Senator Ford held many roles in state and federal politics, including Governor of the Commonwealth and U.S. Senator. 
A Daviess County native, Senator Ford al-
ways held his hometown close to his heart. It was his starting point in government and his final resting place. Holding elected office for more than three decades, Senator Ford is the only Kentuckian to seek and win election to consecutive terms as lieutenant governor, gov-ernor and U.S. senator. 
Throughout his long tenure in state and fed-
eral government, Senator Ford was known and will be remembered for being an advocate for his fellow Kentuckians. A friend of the farmers, Senator Ford has been recognized for his work on agricultural issues, particularly tobacco. Senator Ford understood the vital role tobacco played—and still plays—in Ken-tucky’s economy. 
In tackling these big issues, Senator Ford 
quickly rose through the ranks. He was elect-ed the whip of his party in 1990, a position he held until he left the U.S. Senate. He once de-scribed himself to the New York Times as ‘‘being a workhorse and not a show horse.’’ It’s that same attitude that led him to be a be-hind-the-scenes dealmaker, who strived to achieve solutions to our policy woes. 
That desire to better his community and 
country did not stop when Senator Ford left public service. After serving four terms in the U.S. Senate, Senator Ford created the Wen-dell H. Ford Government Education Center, lo-cated in Owensboro, KY. Designed to educate young people about civics and public policy, Senator Ford continued teaching those les-sons until the end of his life. It is a fantastic facility with a wonderful mission, and the cen-ter is just one of the many lasting legacies his leadership has left on the region. 
I join with Kentucky’s Second District in 
sending prayers to Senator Ford’s family. We will miss him and are grateful for his service to the Commonwealth and our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BIRTH OF THE 
MODERN UNITED STATES COAST GUARD 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
highlight an important occasion, the creation of the modern-day United States Coast Guard (USCG). The important designation was made 
official by President Woodrow Wilson on Janu-ary 28, 1915, when he signed into law the ‘‘Act to Create the Coast Guard,’’ merging the Revenue Cutter Service with the U.S. Life- Saving Service. 
The origins of the present-day Coast Guard 
can be traced back to August 4, 1790, when President George Washington signed the Tar-iff Act to empower ten United States ships to enforce trade laws and reduce smuggling. The USCG is one of the oldest organizations of the federal government and was the only armed force patrolling the seas until the Navy Depart-ment was established in 1798. 
Over its long and storied history, the USCG 
has acquired various responsibilities from maintaining the country’s tools for maritime navigation to handling merchant marine licens-ing and merchant vessel safety. Additionally, the USCG is the nation’s frontline of defense from threats at sea and is dedicated to saving lives, one of its most important functions. 
Mr. Speaker, I come from an area that truly 
understands the important work the Coast Guard does on a daily basis. Mobile, Ala-bama, located in my Congressional district, is home to the Guard Aviation Training Center and also the USCG Sector Mobile Base. The Aviation Center acts as the Coast Guard’s aviation and capabilities development center and also conducts traditional Coast Guard air station missions including search and rescue, homeland security, and environmental protec-tion. 
I am proud of all the brave men and women 
who serve in this essential organization, and I encourage all Americans to take some time to reflect on the sacrifices these people have made for our great country. 
f 
MICHIGAN STATE SENATOR JUDY 
EMMONS 
HON. JOHN R. MOOLENAAR 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Michigan State Senator Judy Emmons in recognition of her leadership in combating human trafficking. 
This week in Congress, we have taken 
steps to fight the scourge of human trafficking in our country and around the world. In my home state, we are continuing to work on this critical issue, and one state legislator in par-ticular has been at the forefront of this effort. 
In Michigan, State Senator Judy Emmons 
has led the fight against human trafficking. Through her work, Michigan instituted new laws that fight this heinous crime. These laws, including life imprisonment for perpetrators, send a clear message that Michigan will not tolerate human trafficking. Further, Senator Emmons’ legislative work and activism has made Michigan a national leader in under-standing the plight of victims, and is providing them with the resources they need to recover. 
Because of Senator Emmons’ efforts, victims of this crime will find safe refuge in Michigan, and be able to make a complete recovery. 
State Senator Judy Emmons has done out-
standing work to help combat human traf-ficking and is worthy of recognition from this Congress. On behalf of the Fourth Congres-sional District of Michigan, I am honored today to recognize Michigan State Senator Judy Emmons in gratitude for her strong conviction to prosecute traffickers, rescue victims, and assist survivors. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 351, LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND TRANSPARENCY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak about the rule governing debate on this bill, H.R. 351, the ‘‘LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I am not anti-energy explo-
ration. I am not anti-trade. I am, however strongly ‘‘pro-jobs,’’ ‘‘pro-economic growth,’’ and ‘‘pro-sustainable environment.’’ 
As a Member of Congress from Houston I 
have always been mindful of the importance of, and have strongly advocated for, national energy policies that will make our nation en-ergy independent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
That is why I carefully consider each energy 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, fair, and promote the na-tional interest. 
Where they fall short, I believe in working 
across the aisle to improve them if possible by offering constructive amendments. 
Although I believe the nation would benefit 
by increased exports of natural gas, the legis-lation before contains several provisions that are of great concern to me. 
Pursuant to Section 2, subsection (a) of the 
bill, an application for authorization to export LNG is ‘‘deemed’’ approved if the Department of Energy (DOE) or other federal agencies do not approve or deny the application within 30 days of the conclusion of the site review. 
I have three concerns with this regulatory 
scheme. 
First, as a senior member of the Committee 
on the Judiciary, I have a problem with ‘‘deeming’’ something done that has not been done in fact. 
Thus, the provision is unwise. 
Second, this provision is a remedy in search 
of a problem. There is no lengthy or intoler-able backlog of neglected natural gas export authority applications awaiting action by DOE. 
The provision is unnecessary because DOE 
has to date authorized the export of over 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28JA8.001 E28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E128 January 28, 2015 
billion cubic feet per day of LNG to non-Free 
Trade Agreement countries. 
Together with exports to FTA countries, this 
level of LNG exports that would transform the United States into one of the world’s largest exporters. 
Third, the provision is irresponsible because 
it would require DOE and other agencies to make decisions based on incomplete informa-tion or information that may not be available within the stringent deadlines, and to deny ap-plications that otherwise would have been ap-proved, but for lack of sufficient review time. 
Supporters of this bill argue that it is vital, in 
the face of Russian aggression and restric-tions, to provide our allies in Europe with addi-tional exports of LNG. 
However, because actual exports through 
approved terminals are not expected to begin until late 2015, this legislation will have no im-pact on current exports. 
And, limiting the time for review would pre-
vent DOE from properly analyzing the domes-tic impact that of exporting large amounts of LNG. 
The Energy Information Administration (EIA) 
estimates that increased exports could result in an increase of as much as 8% in domestic LNG prices. 
Given the inherent delicacy involved in as-
sessing the impact of trade authorizations, both domestically and abroad, this state of af-fairs is likely to lead to DOE erring on the side of caution and denying applications that may otherwise have been approved if it had more time and more resources to carry out its re-sponsibilities. 
For these reasons, I urge all Members to 
oppose the rule, and the underlying bill. 
f 
HONORING KEN DAVIS 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the Yonkers com-
munity is filled with heroes that have gone above and beyond the call of duty to their neighborhood. One of those heroes, Ken Davis, has a particularly noteworthy list of achievements as a Yonkers resident and pub-lic servant. 
Ken is a graduate of Yonkers Public 
Schools and received an AAS Degree from Sullivan Community College. Later, he re-ceived a BS Degree in Fine Arts Education from the College of Mount Saint Vincent and an MS Degree in Human Resources from Mercy College. 
After school, Ken joined the United States 
Marine Corps Reserves and became an officer in the Yonkers police force. Currently a Detec-tive assigned to the Gang/Narcotics Program, he has worked on several high profile assign-ments, including the department’s Re-Entry Program, Third Precinct Task Force, Housing Unit, and has also served as a School Re-source Officer, an Instructor at the West-chester Police Academy, and a Community Af-fairs Officer. In his time on the force, Ken has received several awards, certificates and hon-ors for his work through the department. 
As a Graffiti and Gang Specialist, Ken has 
made presentations at the National Gang Crime Research Center in Chicago, and Can-ada’s Anti-Graffiti Symposium about methods 
of gang prevention. 
In his private time, Ken serves the Yonkers 
community with volunteer work for the scholar-ship committee and in 2005 served as wor-shipful Master of James H. Farrell Lodge #34, Prince Hall Free and Accepted Masons of Yonkers. 
For both his private and professional com-
mitment to bettering the Yonkers community, the Luther V. Garrison Sr. Masonic Foundation Inc. Scholarship Committee has named Ken Davis their 2014 Community Volunteer Service Award winner. He is most deserving of this distinguished honor and I wish to congratulate and thank him for all he has done for the peo-ple and city of Yonkers. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RE-
SEARCHERS INDUCTED INTO THE LAWRENCE LIVERMORE LABORA-TORY’S ENTREPRENEURS’ HALL OF FAME 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor four former Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) sci-entists and engineers who were inducted into the Laboratory’s Entrepreneurs’ Hall of Fame on January 20, 2015. 
The group of former LLNL researchers, who 
represent the second class of inductees into the Laboratory’s Entrepreneurs’ Hall of Fame, were honored for developing technologies dur-ing or after their laboratory careers that cre-ated major economic impacts and spawned important new companies. 
This year’s inductees are Martin Casado, 
Bill Colston, Fred Milanovich, and David Tuckerman. Between them, these inductees initially started three different companies—an Internet security company, a biomedical com-pany that advanced personalized medicine and a microchip firm. 
Computer scientist Martin Casado revolu-
tionized the information technology world when he developed software-defined net-working (SDN). Casado is currently continuing efforts to upgrade computer networking secu-rity, not only for the computer industry, but for banking, retail, health care and homeland se-curity. 
Bill Colston and Fred Milanovich left LLNL 
to found QuantaLife Inc. based in Pleasanton which is in my district. In collaboration with Milanovich and other experts, Colston devel-oped QuantaLife’s hallmark product, an anti- bioterrorism technology that was converted into medical applications. 
David Tuckerman co-founded nCHIP Inc., a 
technology company that developed enhanced microchips and multi-chip module systems. Tuckerman then went on to found Tuckerman & Associates Inc.—an independent technical consultancy firm that helps venture capitalists and industrial clients advance their ideas into reality. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
celebrating these entrepreneurs and honoring Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory for supporting their employees’ entrepreneurial ambitions. HONORING ROBERT OLIVIERI, 
PAST PRESIDENT OF SDAR 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Robert Olivieri, the outgoing President of the Pacific Southwest Association of REAL-TORS
®, for his outstanding leadership in the 
South Bay region of San Diego County. 
Robert Olivieri was born in Providence, 
Rhode Island and has been a resident of Chula Vista and Bonita for the past 30 years. Robert graduated from the University of Michi-gan with a B.S. in Engineering and went on to earn an MBA in Finance from the University of Phoenix. Robert holds a California Real Estate Broker’s License, a California Insurance Bro-
ker’s License, a Series 7 Securities License, and has been in the real estate business for over 29 years. 
Robert has been an active broker and man-
ager for several real estate offices in South San Diego County. Robert served the Pacific Southwest Association of REALTORS
® 
(PSAR) as their 2014 President. During his tenure, he focused on membership recruitment and retention, while also providing useful re-sources for members’ professional and per-sonal growth. Robert has also served PSAR on their Board of Directors, as a California As-sociation of REALTORS
®State Director, and 
as a member of the Community Involvement Committee and the Merger Steering Com-mittee. Robert has been ranked by real estate tracking agencies as one of the top house selling agents and in the top 7 percent of agents who sell homes for top dollar. 
Robert and his wife, Marcia, are very in-
volved in their community and help support Bonita Vista High School and Corpus Christi Parish. 
f 
HONORING ROBYN L. CLASS, EXEC-
UTIVE DIRECTOR OF ORANGE CHILDREN & PARENTS TO-GETHER 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplish-ments and contributions of Robyn L. Class, the Executive Director of Orange Children & Parents Together. 
As an alumna of Head Start, I know the im-
pact that early childhood education can have on a child’s future. Every day Robyn works to make that impact on as many children as pos-sible. 
At Orange Children & Parents Together, 
Robyn ensures that the most vulnerable chil-dren and families receive high quality early childhood education programs and family sup-port services. 
Robyn’s work has earned her the well-de-
served honor of being named the California Head Start Association’s Administrator of the Year. 
I couldn’t be prouder of and thankful for 
Robyn and Orange Children & Parents To-gether and I congratulate their exemplary service to the families of Orange County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA8.001 E28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E129 January 28, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF THE REFORM 
EXPORTS AND EXPAND THE AMERICAN ECONOMY ACT 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
discuss my bill, the Reform Exports and Ex-pand the American Economy Act. My legisla-tion makes 31 significant reforms to promote much needed transparency and accountability of the Export-Import Bank while fostering job- growth. 
Ex-Im Bank has been a job-creator since its 
inception, yet it is in dire need of major re-forms. In reforming the Ex-Im Bank, we’ll make the bank more accountable and trans-parent while requiring the Bank to be more solvent and self-sufficient in order to reduce the burden to the taxpayer. 
People in my District, and across the coun-
try, are demanding more economic opportuni-ties and expansion of the job-market. We can meet their demands, by taking action now and supporting these reforms to the Ex-Im Bank that will make the bank more solvent and re-duces risk to hard-working taxpayers imme-diately. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the 
House (and Senate) to support me in passing the Ex-Im Bank Reform Act, in order to ensure accountability, transparency and job-growth. 
f 
HONORING ELIZABETH GILL 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, some community 
members have the unique ability to shape their entire neighborhood for the better. For the Bronx’s 47th Precinct community, that per-son who has shaped and improved the neigh-borhood for the better has been Elizabeth Gill. 
Elizabeth was born and raised by her Carib-
bean parents in the Bronx. She has been a lifelong community advocate who has worked with a wide variety of civic organizations, both as a member and volunteer. She currently serves at the New York City Police Depart-ment 47th Precinct Community Council Presi-dent, a post she has held for over 20 years. Other organizations that she has done work for include the 47th Precinct Crisis Intervention Team; North Bronx Williamsbridge Branch of the NAACP; Mount Vernon Police Department Community Board; St. Mary’s Hospital for Chil-dren With Special Needs; the 47th Precinct annual fellowship Breakfast Planning Com-mittee; The Selective Service Board; and the Co-op City Public Committee. Elizabeth has also worked to procure many grants for the entire 47th Precinct community, with funding going towards community affairs vans, auxil-iary vests, bicycles for police officers, and a command center bus. 
As a result of her accomplishments, Eliza-
beth has received a host of community service awards. She has been honored by the Korean Merchants Association of the Northeast Bronx, the Police Reserve association of the City of New York, and the New York State associa-tion of Black and Puerto Rican Legislators, 
just to name a few. 
This year Elizabeth is celebrating her 85th 
birthday, and on the occasion I wish to con-gratulate her for all of her wonderful accom-plishments. I am truly proud to be able to say I represent such a fine community member in the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on January 
27, 2015 I missed recorded votes #46–48 as I was part of the presidential delegation to India to support this important partnership be-tween our two countries. 
I would like to reflect how I would have 
voted if I were here: 
On Roll Call #46 I would have voted no; on 
Roll Call #47 I would have voted yes; on Roll Call #48 I would have voted yes. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,087,727,352,703.72. We’ve 
added $7,460,850,303,790.64 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING DR. J. ROBERT 
BEYSTER 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
with great respect to mourn the passing of one of San Diego’s greatest innovators, business-men, educators and humanitarians, Dr. J. Robert Beyster. Dr. Beyster was born in De-troit, MI on July 26, 1924, to his parents John F. and Lillian E. Beyster. He attended Dlocum Truax High School in Trenton, Michigan and graduated as Salutatorian. Just as the United States entered World War II, he enlisted in the Navy. He was sent by the Navy to the Univer-sity of Michigan and later commissioned an Ensign. 
Dr. Beyster’s impressive biography de-
scribes a World War II Veteran, a nuclear en-gineer whose research propelled the Depart-ment of Defense’s weapons systems and sub-marines into the future of war fighting, but most notably, he founded Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), an em-ployee-owned multi-billion dollar corporation. His selfless vision built SAIC from the ground 
up. He believed in the simple principle that wealth should be distributed among those who contribute to the growth of the company. 
Dr. Beyster was the recipient of multiple dis-
tinguished awards, to include a Lifetime Achievement Award from Ernst & Young and the Spirit of San Diego Award from the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce. We remember him for his high standards of excel-lence and influence at the University of Cali-fornia’s Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center. Fur-thermore, he founded the Foundation for En-terprise Development, which launched the Beyster Institute at the University of California San Diego’s Rady School of Management for technologists, entrepreneurs, executives and educators. 
San Diego was fortunate to have someone 
like Dr. Beyster in our community. We see his altruistic contributions in the success of the students who’ve been given incredible oppor-tunities from his charitable donations. Our community employs those who have been educated through his generous grants, schol-arships and fellowships. We grow from those who will undoubtedly give back to the commu-nity in the same ways in which they have, themselves, benefited from his generosity. His efforts have provided our next generation of scientists, doctors and intellectual leaders. 
He was an author, educator, philanthropist, 
veteran, a family man of integrity, values and of charitable contributions, who will be sorely missed by his family, friends and colleagues. We are fortunate to have constant reminders of his giving nature and his brilliant mind. Thank you Dr. Beyster, for giving San Diego so much of your incredible life. You will never be forgotten. 
f 
SURVIVORS OF HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING EMPOWERMENT ACT 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, we recognize 
January as National Slavery and Human Traf-ficking Prevention Month. In fact, Santa Clara County of my Silicon Valley district also pro-claimed this month as Human Trafficking Awareness Month. 
In the fight against this modern-day slavery, 
I am proud to introduce the vital bipartisan leg-islation—Survivors of Human Trafficking Em-powerment Act—alongside my colleagues, Congressman T
EDPOE, K AREN BASS, and 
RODNEY DAVIS. 
Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is a disease 
upon our humanity, and it remains the world’s fastest growing criminal enterprise. According to the International Labor Organization, traf-ficking is an estimated $150 billion industry worldwide, which exploits nearly 21 million vic-tims around the world. 
Sadly, my home state of California is near 
the top in reported trafficking cases. Further-more, it is estimated that 40 percent of the human trafficking activity on the West Coast comes through the three Bay Area airports of San Jose, San Francisco, and Oakland. 
My legislation will turn back the tide of 
human trafficking, as it allows those survivors who were impacted by this cruel system to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JA8.006 E28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E130 January 28, 2015 
voice their experiences and educate policy-
makers. Specifically, this bill will create a sur-vivors-led U.S. Advisory Council on Human Trafficking to review federal government policy and programs on human trafficking. This coun-cil will advise, formulate assessments and rec-ommendations, and submit reports to the Sen-ior Policy Operating Group and the President’s Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking Persons. 
Directly hearing and learning from those 
who fell victim to this heinous crime is the best tool to eliminate human trafficking. Ultimately, this legislation values survivors, beyond just their stories. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass this crucial bill, so that we 
may finally rid of human trafficking—once and for all. 
Mr. Speaker, be it labor or sex trafficking, 
human trafficking is the worst kind of atrocity. Each day, this scourge continues to endanger, exploit, and enslave lives. Even as we bring further awareness to this crime this month of January, we must sustain the fight each and every day. 
f 
HONORING ELLIOT FORCHHEIMER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, community part-
ners who are truly dedicated to serving the public good are an invaluable asset to any elected official in government. As the Rep-resentative of New York’s 16th district I have had the pleasure of working with some truly remarkable community leaders, none more re-markable than my dear friend, Westchester Jewish Council Executive Director Elliot Forchheimer. 
Raised in Kew Gardens, Queens, Elliot’s 
love affair with Jewish communal life started at the legendary Cejwin Camps, where he was inspired to pursue a career in the Jewish com-munity. He became an Administrator at Camp Ramah and went on the join the Young Israel of Scarsdale, where he was a Youth Director for six years under the mentorship of the late Rabbi Jacob Rubenstein. 
In 1996 Elliot joined the UJA-Federation of 
New York in the Program Services depart-ment, serving in a position focused on camps and JCC’s. Shortly thereafter he became the very first Director of Westchester Program Services and Agency Relations for UJA-Fed-eration’s Westchester Office. After a stint at Synagogue 2000, Elliot returned to UJA-Fed-eration’s Commission on Jewish Identity and Renewal, focusing on synagogue relations. 
Elliot’s greatest professional privilege how-
ever has been serving for the last 10 years as the Executive Director of the Westchester Jewish Council. In this role he has steered the proverbial ship at WJC, working with elected officials, community groups, and over 150 Jewish organizations that span the breadth of Jewish expression. Elliot has helped ensure that Westchester remains a bastion of mutual respect and cooperation amongst all commu-nity members. 
In addition to his phenomenal career 
achievements, Elliot has created an incredible legacy at home, with his beloved wife, Joan, and their two children, Ilana and Jacob. They are his true pride and joy. This year, the WJC is honoring Elliot at their 
39th Anniversary Gala for all he has done to better the Westchester community. I am hon-ored to be able to congratulate Elliot on this incredible achievement, and I am even more honored to be able to call this incredible com-munity partner my friend. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. BLAISE 
ALAN DENTE, RECIPIENT OF THE SCRANTON CHAPTER UNICO’S UNICAN OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR 2014 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Blaise Alan Dente, who has been named the 2014 UNICAN of the Year for the Scranton Chapter of UNICO. UNICO is the largest Italian American service and volunteer organization in the United States, and many of my constituents, especially those living in the Wyoming Valley, have come to know Mr. Dente well through the Scranton Chapter. 
Mr. Dente is a lifelong resident of Pittston, 
PA, having graduated from Seton Catholic High School before matriculating to East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania. There, he earned a Bachelor of Science in Hotel, Restaurant, and Tourism Management; a degree that he has put to commendable use in his ownership and operation of Dente’s Ca-tering and Rental. 
As a member of the American Culinary Fed-
eration (ACF), Mr. Dente obtained his certifi-cation as a Certified Chef de Cuisine, and in 2011, was inducted as an ‘‘honorary fellow’’ in the American Academy of Chefs, a prestigious subset within the ACF. Mr. Dente has earned a slew of other esteemed decorations, includ-ing medals, ribbons, and certificates for his work in both hot and cold food competitions. He was subsequently named the ACF Chapter Chef of the Year in 2008. 
As an active member of the Scranton Chap-
ter of UNICO since 2004, Mr. Dente and his staff host an annual dinner meeting for the chapter’s membership. However, his service to the community extends beyond the kitchen. Mr. Dente is a member of both the Wilkes- Barre and Greater Scranton Chambers of Commerce. Additionally, he actively volunteers for the Pittston Tomato Festival Committee and is a Fourth Degree Knight of Columbus Council 372 & Assembly 948. Such diverse and committed involvement certainly contrib-uted to Mr. Dente being named one of the ‘‘Top 40 under 40’’ Business Professionals in 2010. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. Blaise Alan 
Dente for his proven commitment to bettering the lives of those within the Scranton Chapter of UNICO, as well as the lives of those individ-uals within my own district. I congratulate him for the distinguished honor in being named the 2014 UNICAN of the Year, and know that he will continue to pursue bright endeavors in the future. RECOGNIZING THE SEVENTIETH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE LIBERA-TION OF AUSCHWITZ 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, Wednes-
day marked the seventieth anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz concentration camp on January 27, 1945. An estimated 1.1 million people, mostly of Jewish descent, lost their lives there between 1940–1945. 
The seventieth anniversary occurs at a piv-
otal time. The recent terrorist attacks carried out in France demonstrated that anti-Semitism still exists as the world witnessed the sense-less killing of people solely based on their reli-gion. The senseless attacks in France remind us of the dark days of World War II when so many lost their lives because of their religion or ethnicity. 
We must never forget the atrocities that oc-
curred at Auschwitz and elsewhere during the Holocaust. The human race must never again let such unspeakable events take place. Rac-ism, prejudice, and anti-Semitism must not be allowed in our societies and must be stopped wherever they occur. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in remembrance of the lives lost at Auschwitz. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the magnitude of this anniversary and the sig-nificance that it plays in our world today. 
f 
THE REINTRODUCTION OF LEGIS-
LATION TO AWARD THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO HUMANITARIAN AND SPORTING LEGEND MUHAMMAD ALI 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I am 
proud to reintroduce legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Muhammad Ali in recognition of his contributions to our na-tion. I believe it is long past time to recognize and honor an American civil rights activist and sporting legend with Congress’ highest honor. Over the course of his illustrious career, Mu-hammad Ali has produced some of our na-tion’s most lasting sports memories. From win-ning a Gold Medal at the 1960 Summer Olym-pics to lighting the Olympic torch at the 1996 Summer Olympics, his influence as an athlete and a humanitarian has spanned over fifty years. 
Despite having been diagnosed with Parkin-
son’s disease in the 1980s, Ali has devoted his life to charitable organizations. Ali and his wife, Lonnie, are founding directors of the Mu-hammad Ali Parkinson Center and Movement Disorders Clinic in Phoenix, AZ and have helped raise over $50 million for Parkinson’s research. In addition to helping families cope with illness, Ali has led efforts to provide meals for the hungry and has helped count-less organizations such as the Make-A-Wish- Foundation and the Special Olympics. 
Muhammad Ali’s humanitarian efforts go be-
yond his charitable activities in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JA8.011 E28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E131 January 28, 2015 
States. In 1990 Muhammad Ali travelled to the 
Middle East to seek the release of American and British hostages that were being held as human shields in the first Gulf War. After his intervention, 15 hostages were freed. Thanks to his devotion to diplomatic causes and racial harmony, Ali is the recipient of many acco-lades, including being chosen as a ‘‘U.N. Mes-senger of Peace’’ in 1998 and receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2005. 
Through his unyielding dedication to his 
sport and to struggling populations around the world, Muhammad Ali serves as an example of service and self-sacrifice for generations of Americans. The Congressional Gold Medal is a fitting commemoration of his life and work, for which he is deservingly known as ‘‘the Greatest.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join 
me in recognizing one of our nation’s most lasting and influential figures by signing on to this important legislation. 
f 
HONORING HADASSAH LIEBERMAN 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, a life dedicated to 
serving the public good is not only noble, it is inspirational. Hadassah Lieberman’s life, spent working on everything from health issues to educational improvement, is one of those tre-mendous inspirations. 
Hadassah’s reach and influence has ex-
tended from the Riverdale neighborhood all the way out to the international community. Born in the Czech Republic, Hadassah and her family left Eastern Europe in 1949 for Massachusetts. A graduate of Boston Univer-sity, Hadassah earned a degree in Govern-ment and Dramatics and later received a Mas-ters Degree in International Relations and American Government at Northeastern Univer-sity. 
Her studies and interests steered her to a 
host of organizations dedicated to serving the public good. Currently, Hadassah is on the board of Open University and is a former Global Ambassador with Susan G. Komen for the Cure, the world’s largest network of breast cancer survivors and activists. She developed an Advisory Network for Women’s Health to promote awareness and prevention of heart disease, and is a former Director of HFL & As-sociates, a firm dedicated to expanding do-mestic and international awareness of non-profit organizations. 
Hadassah has also dedicated a tremendous 
amount of time to community service through her work with Meridian House, the Auschwitz Jewish Center Foundation, and the United States Holocaust Memorial Council. 
Hadassah’s true pride and joy though is her 
family; her husband, former Senator Joe Lie-berman, their four children, and ten grand-children. Since returning to Riverdale with Joe, Hadassah has experienced the great warmth of the Chabad community, and has had an ac-tive role in its growth and promotion. I am proud to not only count Hadassah and Joe as constituents but to also call them friends. 
Chabad of Riverdale is honoring Hadassah 
at this year’s celebration dinner. I want to con-gratulate her on this wonderful honor. HONORING GOVERNOR EDMUND 
‘‘JERRY’’ BROWN OF CALIFORNIA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today along with my colleagues from California to recognize and honor Governor Brown. Governor Brown is the first governor in the history of California to be elected to four terms. 
Governor Brown’s unprecedented four gu-
bernatorial terms reflect the high level of trust and confidence Californians’ have in him to lead our state. Throughout his illustrious three terms in office, Governor Brown has proven to be an effective leader committed to ensuring economic vitality and fiscal responsibility as well as reducing crime, investing in education and protecting our environment. 
During his first two terms in office, Governor 
Brown built a prudent budget surplus and in his recent third term, has carefully balanced the state’s budget and established a strong rainy day fund. During his first two terms he enacted multiple pieces of legislation aimed at reducing crime and keeping our streets safe. Also during his first two terms, Governor Brown significantly increased state funding levels for higher education and established educational standards high school students must meet to be eligible to graduate. Governor Brown has long been an advocate for pro-tecting our environment; in fact, during his first two terms California became the first state to establish energy efficiency standards. Gov-ernor Brown has continued to build on this 
legacy in his recent third term by raising our state’s clean energy goal. Governor Brown’s fourth term promises more positive changes for California, including continued efforts to im-prove and increase transportation options within our state. 
In addition to his service as Governor of 
California, Governor Brown has served the people of California as Secretary of State and Attorney General. In these roles, Governor Brown worked to protect California’s working families and consumers by cracking down on crime, uncovering mortgage fraud and real es-tate scams, and working to prevent the abuse of campaign laws. Outside of statewide office, Governor Brown served as the Mayor of Oak-land, California, where he worked to revitalize the downtown area by attracting new res-taurants, businesses, and art galleries. He also worked to improve education opportuni-ties in the city and reduce the rate of serious crime. 
Mr. Speaker, Governor Edmund ‘‘Jerry’’ 
Brown leads our state with integrity and with the best interests of all Californians in mind. Along with my colleagues, I thank him for his years of service and look forward to seeing all that he will accomplish for our state through-out his fourth term. 
f 
THE CIDER ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
am introducing the CIDER Act, legislation that will support the growing number of craft and 
entrepreneurial cider makers across the coun-try. The cider industry has tripled in size since 2007 and there has been tremendous growth in Oregon. As these businesses get off the ground, I am working with them to ensure a strong federal partnership and to break down arbitrary barriers that prevent this industry from realizing its potential. 
During the fermentation process, a variety of 
factors can lead to small changes in the com-position of a cider’s alcohol content and carbonation. Because of the narrow way that hard cider is currently defined in the tax code, these small variations can lead to cider being taxed at a rate fifteen times higher than what the statute clearly intended. The legislation will better tailor IRS rules to reflect variations in craft ciders. This legislation will update the tax definitions to reflect the growing diversity of the U.S. cider market, better match inter-national rules and strengthen U.S. export op-portunities, and broaden the definition to in-clude both pear and apple ciders. 
Production nationally has been robust, more 
than tripling from 9.4 million gallons in 2011 to 32 million gallons in 2013. Cider revenues in the U.S. have been just as impressive, tripling from $178 million in 2007 to $601 million in 2012. Providing clear regulations and a tax structure that mirrors the real world for this ag-ricultural product will allow this industry to con-tinue its expansion while making ciders that people want to drink. 
Cider making is sometimes closer to an art 
than a science. As the American apple and pear hard cider industry becomes more promi-nent on the world stage, and cider becomes a beverage choice for more Americans’ devel-oping palettes, we need to ensure that cideries have every opportunity to expand and meet the needs of this growing market without an unfair tax burden. 
f 
HONORING CHABAD LUBAVITCH OF 
RIVERDALE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as the Represent-
ative of the great 16th Congressional District of New York I have the pleasure and honor of representing many wonderful groups. One of those wonderful organizations, Chabad Lubavitch of Riverdale, is hosting their ‘‘Cele-brating 23 Years of Kindness’’ dinner on Janu-ary 24th, and I couldn’t be more thrilled to rec-ognize them on this occasion. 
Founded in 1992 under the guidance of the 
Lubavitcher Rebbe, Chabad Lubavitch of Riv-erdale seeks to strengthen the cultural bonds of Jewish identity through spiritual outreach, adult education, childhood education, daycare, day camps, Sabbath and Festival services and hospital visitation. 
As one of 2,700 centers in 70 different 
countries, Chabad Lubavitch of Riverdale em-braces the Chabad Lubavitch philosophy, teaching understanding and recognition of the Creator as a means of reinforcing and nur-turing Jewish culture. For the entire Chabad Lubavitch community, refining and governing one’s actions through wisdom, comprehen-sion, and knowledge is the true key to a ful-filled life, and it is in this vein that Chabad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28JA8.015 E28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E132 January 28, 2015 
Lubavitch of Riverdale has worked to improve 
the lives of the Jewish population in the com-munity. 
As community centers go, Chabad 
Lubavitch of Riverdale has always shown a great deal of warmth as they embrace the very young to the old and everyone in be-tween that live in the neighborhood. 
By utilizing contemporary approaches to tra-
ditional values they have gone a long way to-ward reinvigorating the Jewish community. I want to thank my friend Rabbi Levi Shemtov, the entire leadership team and members of Chabad for all they have done and continue to do for our community. Congratulations again to Chabad Lubavitch of Riverdale on 23 great years of service. 
f 
NATIONAL SLAVERY AND HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING PREVENTION MONTH 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to mark January as National Slav-ery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. 
Millions of people are subjected to sex traf-
ficking or forced labor every year. 
Each January we take time to recognize the 
continuing scourge of human trafficking, but it is never easy to accept or believe that this horrible practice still continues in the 21st Century. 
And this is not a problem only in far off for-
eign lands—it is happening right here, in our own country. We know this in the East Bay, which I represent, in which there is a signifi-cant problem with human trafficking and sex exploitation. 
That is why we are so fortunate to have Ala-
meda County District Attorney Nancy O’Malley fighting back hard against these traffickers and standing up for victims. 
Earlier this month Nancy announced her of-
fice’s latest public relations campaign to help raise awareness about the tragedy of sex traf-ficking and make sure victims know how they can obtain help. She even has a special divi-sion within her office, called the Human Ex-ploitation and Trafficking (H.E.A.T.) Unit, to fight trafficking. 
I want to thank Nancy and everyone in the 
H.E.A.T. Unit for the work they do to help and protect the women and children of the East Bay. It is this kind of diligence and dedication that will hopefully, one day, bring an end to human trafficking and sexual exploitation once and for all. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LUKE 
WAGNER ADAMS 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the life and service of Luke Wagner Adams. Luke was a beloved member of the Queens community, who recently passed away at 76 years of age. A longtime Queens resident, Luke settled in 
Sunnyside as a young man and quickly be-came one of the community’s most well-known activists. One of Luke’s enduring legacies was his leadership at the helm of the Gateway Restoration Project, which led to the creation of Sunnyside’s most iconic symbol, the Sunny-side Arch. Luke led the charge on a number of additional projects to improve Sunnyside as a prominent member of the Sunnyside Cham-ber of Commerce, Sunnyside/Woodside Lions Club, Sunnyside Kiwanis Club, and Sunnyside Artists. In recognition of his long list of accom-plishments, the Sunnyside Chamber’s annual ‘Sunnysider of the Year’ award was named in his honor. 
Luke will forever be known not only for his 
love for his community, but also for his gen-erosity and selflessness. Luke’s loyalty to his friends and community was unmatched, and he was willing to go above and beyond for those who asked him for help. Whether it was raising money for the hungry, being the first to welcome a newcomer to the neighborhood, or ensuring that others who joined him in his civic engagement received proper recognition, Luke was the most humble and genuine per-son one could come across. 
Luke was immensely proud of his commu-
nity, and dedicated his life to making his neighborhood a better place. Mr. Speaker, Luke’s commitment to Queens is, and will con-tinue to be, an inspiration to all of us. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and legacy of Luke Wagner Adams. May he rest in peace. 
f 
HONORING DR. EDMUND FRANCIS 
LA GAMMA 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dr. Edmund Francis La Gamma for his receipt of the ‘‘Mentor of the Year’’ Award from the Eastern Society for Pediatric Re-search in recognition of his outstanding con-tributions to the care and treatment of our most vulnerable citizens—our newborns. 
For almost four decades, Dr. La Gamma 
has committed himself to improving our under-standing of diseases which affect premature babies and advancing their care. He has served as a Professor of Pediatrics, Bio-chemistry and Molecular Biology at New York Medical College and Director of both the Divi-sion of Newborn Medicine and the Neonatal- Perinatal Fellowship Program at Maria Fareri Children’s Hospital. In these roles, he has been responsible for the care of infants at over 10 regional affiliate hospitals which span an area the size of the state of Delaware. In that time, he has transformed neonatal inten-sive care at Westchester Medical Center into one of the state’s most recognized neonatal intensive care units, earning New York’s high-est designation of care and national admira-tion. 
In addition, his work as a scientist has con-
tributed greatly to the field of neonatology. Working with some of the most prominent doc-tors in his field, Dr. La Gamma has expanded our understanding of neonatal development and improved our ability to treat deadly dis-eases in newborn infants. Moreover, through-
out his career he has remained focused on ensuring his research be shared with the sci-entific community to advance neonatal care, and has published over 150 peer-reviewed re-search articles, including 25 book chapters. From this work, neonatologists across the country have benefitted from his insights on caring for premature and critically-ill newborns. 
As head of one of the largest neonatal fel-
lowship programs in the nation, he has helped shape the future of pediatric and neonatology through his mentorship of students, junior pe-diatricians, junior neonatologists and academic faculty. He has directly mentored almost 100 fellows in his career, and he has also shared 
his knowledge in hundreds of invited lectures around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. La 
Gamma for his lifelong dedication to newborn health, his over 15 years of dedication to neo-natal intensive care in my district, New York State, and the nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him for his well-de-served ‘‘Mentor of the Year’’ award, and ap-plaud his tremendous accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING ANNE HUTCHINSON 
ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, protecting the en-
vironment and our natural resources are vital, and when a school is committed to furthering those goals it deserves a great deal of praise and admiration. That is why I am proud to ac-knowledge the Anne Hutchinson Elementary School in Eastchester, New York which has been designated as one of the 2014 U.S. De-partment of Education Green Ribbon School Honorees. 
The prestigious Green Ribbon School pro-
gram recognizes schools where staff, stu-dents, officials and communities have worked together to produce energy efficient, sustain-able and healthy school environments and to ensure the environmental literacy of grad-uates. 
The Anne Hutchinson Elementary School 
was the only New York State School nomi-nated for the Green Ribbons School program during the 2013–2014 school year. The school’s commitments to reducing its overall environmental impact, cut utility costs, and promote awareness by incorporating a wide variety of environmentally conscious practices into learning made it one of only 48 schools across the country to be honored as a Green Ribbon School. 
As a senior member of the House Energy 
and Commerce Committee I am keenly aware of the need to pursue smarter, greener energy practices in order to achieve true energy inde-pendence and face the challenges of climate change. Schools like the Anne Hutchinson El-ementary School are laying the foundation for a more sustainable future and I am so proud to be able to represent such an environ-mentally conscious school as a Member of Congress. 
Congratulations to the students, faculty and 
administrators of the Anne Hutchinson Ele-mentary School on receiving this incredible honor and recognition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA8.019 E28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E133 January 28, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF THE MEDICARE 
HOME INFUSION SITE OF CARE ACT OF 2015 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, the Medicare Fee- 
for-Service program stands virtually alone among health care payers in the United States in not fully recognizing the clinical and cost benefits of providing infusion therapy to pa-tients in their homes. Infusion therapy is fully covered by Medicare in hospitals, skilled nurs-ing facilities, hospital outpatient departments, and physician offices, but coverage in patients’ homes is very limited. As a result, Medicare beneficiaries in need of infusion therapy usu-ally receive their treatments in health care fa-cilities rather than in their homes, which is the setting that is the most desirable, convenient, and by far the most cost-effective. 
This is unfortunate and unnecessary. In the 
private sector, the accepted standard of care and practice for over 30 years is to provide in-fusion therapy at home where medically indi-cated and when requested by the attending physician. Ironically, patients who have access to this benefit under their private plans lose this coverage when they enroll in Medicare. 
Medicare’s lack of coverage for infusion 
therapy in the home setting can lead to sub-stantial patient and family lifestyle disruptions and costs. Because Medicare only covers infu-sion services in institutional and limited out-patient settings, the beneficiary either has to travel to a health care facility to receive infu-sion treatments, sometimes multiple times a day, or remain in a facility for the duration of the therapy. 
Today, Representative E
LIOT ENGEL and I 
are introducing The Medicare Home Infusion Site of Care Act of 2015 so patients can re-ceive the same infusion treatments that they currently receive in facility-based environments in their homes at a lower cost to Medicare. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port our bill to give patients better quality care at lower costs. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees 
to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
January 29, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 3 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the findings 
of the Military Compensation and Re-tirement Modernization Commission. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016. 
SD–608 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere and 
Global Narcotics Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine under-
standing the impact of United States policy changes on human rights and de-mocracy in Cuba. 
SD–419 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine No Child 
Left Behind, focusing on innovation to meet the needs of students. 
SH–216 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the Internal 
Revenue Service Operations and the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016. 
SD–215 
FEBRUARY 4 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Ashton B. Carter, of Massachu-
setts, to be Secretary of Defense. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine private sec-
tor experience with the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology 
(NIST) framework, focusing on build-ing a more secure cyber future. SR–253 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold a joint hearing with the House 
Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure to examine impacts of the proposed waters of the United States rule on state and local governments. 
HVC–210 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016. 
SD–215 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine deferred ac-
tion on immigration, focusing on im-plications and unanswered questions. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine combating 
financial exploitation of vulnerable seniors. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, 
Fisheries, and Coast Guard 
To hold hearings to examine the impacts 
of vessel discharge regulations on ship-ping and fishing industries. 
SR–253 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 184, to 
amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to re-quire background checks before foster care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, S. 209, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act of 2005, S. 246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, and an original bill to amend the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act to pro-vide further self-governance by Indian tribes; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine loan leveraging in Indian country. 
SD–628 
FEBRUARY 11 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the Inter-
net. 
SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28JA8.024 E28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D72 Wednesday, January 28, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S549–S609 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and ten res-
olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 273–298, and S. Res. 43–52.
                                              Pages S589–90 
Measures Reported: 
S. Res. 35, commemorating the 70th anniversary 
of the liberation of the Auschwitz extermination camp in Nazi-occupied Poland, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. Res. 44, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
S. Res. 45, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
S. Res. 46, authorizing expenditures by the Spe-
cial Committee on Aging. 
S. Res. 47, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. 
S. Res. 48, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
S. Res. 49, authorizing expenditures by the Senate 
Committee on Indian Affairs.
                       Pages S588–89 
Measures Passed: 
Congratulating The Ohio State University Foot-
ball Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 50, congratu-
lating The Ohio State University football team for winning the 2015 College Football Playoff national championship.
                                                               Page S609 
Catholic Schools Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
51, recognizing the goals of Catholic Schools Week and honoring the valuable contributions of Catholic schools in the United States.
                                 Page S609 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate con-
tinued consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, after agreeing to Murkowski Amend-ment No. 2, in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, which will be considered as original text for the purpose of further amendment, and taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                      Pages S555–77 Adopted: 
Collins/Warner Amendment No. 35 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to coordinate the provision of energy retrofitting assistance to schools. (A unanimous-con-sent agreement was reached providing that the re-quirement of a 60 affirmative vote threshold, be viti-ated.)
                                                                     Pages S556, S571 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2, in the nature of 
a substitute. (Amendment, as amended and agreed to, will be considered as original text for the purpose of further amendment.)
                                             Page S555 
Rejected: 
By 36 yeas to 62 nays (Vote No. 31), Cardin 
Amendment No. 75 (to Amendment No. 2), to pro-vide communities that rely on drinking water from a source that may be affected by a tar sands spill from the Keystone XL pipeline an analysis of the po-tential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of the pipeline. (A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirma-tive votes, the amendment was not agreed to.) 
                                                                          Pages S555–56, S567 
By 40 yeas to 58 nays (vote No. 32), Peters/Stabe-
now Amendment No. 70 (to Amendment No. 2), to require that the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration make a certification and submit to Congress the results of a study before the pipeline may be constructed, con-nected, operated, or maintained. (A unanimous-con-sent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.) 
                                                                          Pages S556, S567–68 
By 40 yeas to 58 nays (Vote No. 33), Sanders 
Amendment No. 23 (to Amendment No. 2), to in-crease the quantity of solar photovoltaic electricity by providing rebates for the purchase and installa-tion of an additional 10,000,000 photovoltaic sys-tems by 2025. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.)
                                                 Pages S556, S568 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JA5.REC D28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D73 January 28, 2015 
By 53 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 34), Cruz 
Amendment No. 15 (to Amendment No. 2), to pro-mote economic growth and job creation by increas-ing exports. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.)
                                           Pages S556, S568–69 
By 54 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 35), Moran/Cruz 
Amendment No. 73 (to Amendment No. 2), to delist the lesser prairie-chicken as a threatened spe-cies under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 af-firmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.) 
                                                                                              Page S556 
By 44 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 36), Whitehouse 
Amendment No. 148 (to Amendment No. 2), to re-quire campaign finance disclosures for certain per-sons benefitting from tar sands development. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 af-firmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.) 
                                                                                Pages S556, S570 
By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 37), Daines 
Amendment No. 132 (to Amendment No. 2), to ex-press the sense of Congress regarding the designation of National Monuments. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amend-ment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.) 
                                                                          Pages S556, S570–71 
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 38), Coons 
Amendment No. 115 (to Amendment No. 2), to ex-press the sense of Congress regarding climate change and infrastructure. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amend-ment was not agreed to.)
                            Pages S556, S571 
By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 39), Murkowski 
Amendment No. 166 (to Amendment No. 2), to re-lease certain wilderness study areas from manage-ment for preservation as wilderness. (A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.) 
                                                               Pages S556, S558–66, S572 
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 40), Heitkamp 
Amendment No. 133 (to Amendment No. 2), to ex-press the sense of Congress that the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 should be amended to extend the credit with respect to facilities producing energy from certain renewable resources. (A unanimous-con-sent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.) 
                                                                          Pages S556, S572–73 By 35 yeas to 63 nays (Vote No. 41), Cantwell 
(for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 48 (to Amendment No. 2), to modify the definition of underground in-jection. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, the amendment was not agreed to.)
                                           Pages S556, S573–74 
Withdrawn: 
Merkley Amendment No. 125 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to eliminate unnecessary tax subsidies and provide infrastructure funding.
         Pages S556, S569–70 
Carper Amendment No. 120 (to Amendment No. 
2), to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the credits for new qualified fuel cell motor vehicles and alternative fuel vehicle refueling prop-erty.
                                                                 Pages S556, S571–72 
Pending: 
Vitter/Cassidy Further Modified Amendment No. 
80, to provide for the distribution of revenues from certain areas of the outer Continental Shelf. 
                                                                                Pages S555, S574 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 67 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to restrict the authority of the 
Environmental Protection Agency to arm agency personnel.
                                                                         Page S555 
Murkowski Amendment No. 98 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic re-gion and rural communities.
                                 Page S556 
Flake Amendment No. 103 (to Amendment No. 
2), to require the evaluation and consolidation of du-plicative green building programs.
                     Page S556 
Boxer Amendment No. 130 (to Amendment No. 
2), to preserve existing permits and the authority of the agencies issuing the permits to modify the per-mits if necessary.
                                                          Page S556 
Merkley Amendment No. 174 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that the United States should prioritize and fund adaptation projects in communities in the United States while also helping to fund climate change adaptation in developing countries.
                                                 Page S556 
Cantwell/Boxer Amendment No. 131 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to ensure that if the Keystone XL Pipeline is built, it will be built safely and in com-pliance with United States environmental laws. 
                                                                                              Page S556 
Tillis/Burr Amendment No. 102 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to provide for leasing on the outer Conti-nental Shelf and the distribution of certain qualified revenues from such leasing.
                                    Page S556 
Markey Amendment No. 178 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to ensure that products derived from tar sands are treated as crude oil for purposes of the Federal excise tax on petroleum.
                          Page S556 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JA5.REC D28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D74 January 28, 2015 
Markey Amendment No. 141 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to delay the effective date until the President determines that the pipeline will not have certain negative impacts.
                                                         Page S556 
Booker Amendment No. 155 (to Amendment No. 
2), to allow permitting agencies to consider new cir-cumstances and new information.
                       Page S556 
Burr Modified Amendment No. 92 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
         Pages S556, S566–67 
Cardin Amendment No. 124 (to Amendment No. 
2), to clarify that treaties with Indian tribes remain in effect.
                                                                           Page S556 
Cantwell (for Peters/Stabenow) Amendment No. 
55 (to Amendment No. 2), to require a study of the potential environmental impact of by-products of the Keystone XL pipeline.
                                      Pages S556–58 
Murkowski (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 245 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to clarify that treaties with In-dian tribes remain in effect.
                                   Page S556 
Daines Amendment No. 246 (to Amendment No. 
2), to express the sense of Congress that reauthor-izing the Land and Water Conservation Fund should be a priority.
                                                                  Page S556 
Udall Amendment No. 77, to establish a renew-
able electricity standard.                                           Page S575 
Subsequently, the motion to reconsider the vote 
by which cloture was not invoked on Murkowski Amendment No. 2, in the nature of a substitute, on Monday, January 26, 2015, was rendered moot. 
                                                                                              Page S573 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing that at approximately 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, January 29, 2015, Senate will continue consideration of the bill, and that there be 15 min-utes equally divided in the usual form, and Senate vote on or in relation to the following amendments, in the order listed: Murkowski (for Barrasso) Amend-ment No. 245 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Cardin Amendment No. 124 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Daines Amendment No. 246 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Burr Modified Amendment No. 92 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Vitter/Cassidy Further Modified Amendment No. 80 (listed above), and Udall Amendment No. 77 (listed above); that all amendments on this list be subject to a 60 vote affirmative threshold for adoption, and that no second-degree amendments be in order to any of the pending amendments to the bill; that there be two minutes of debate equally di-vided between each vote, and that all votes after the first in the series be 10 minute votes; and that once these amendments have been disposed of, Senate agree to proceed to the motion to reconsider the failed cloture vote on the bill; that the motion to re-consider be agreed to, and Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, upon reconsideration; 
if cloture is invoked on the bill as amended, all post- cloture time be considered and expired at 2:30 p.m. 
                                                                                      Pages S573–74 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, January 29, 2015.
                                                                                  Page S609 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S586 
Measures Referred:                                           Pages S586–87 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:    Pages S549, S587 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S587–88 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S589 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S590–91 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                 Pages S591–S607 
Additional Statements: 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S607–08 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                      Pages S608–09 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S609 
Record Votes: Eleven record votes were taken 
today. (Total—41)                                             Pages S589–573 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 7:01 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-
day, January 29, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S609.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported an original resolu-tion (S. Res. 48) authorizing expenditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
Also, Committee announced the following sub-
committee assignments: 
Subcommittee on Commodities, Risk Management and 
Trade: Senators Boozman (Chair), Cochran, Hoeven, 
Perdue, Grassley, Thune, Donnelly, Heitkamp, Brown, Gillibrand, and Bennet. 
Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy: Sen-
ators Ernst (Chair), Cochran, Hoeven, Perdue, Tillis, Thune, Heitkamp, Brown, Klobuchar, Bennet, and Donnelly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JA5.REC D28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D75 January 28, 2015 
Subcommittee on Conservation, Forestry and Natural 
Resources: Senators Perdue (Chair), Cochran, McCon-
nell, Boozman, Sasse, Grassley, Bennet, Klobuchar, Leahy, Heitkamp, and Casey. 
Subcommittee on Nutrition, Specialty Crops and Agri-
cultural Research: Senators Hoeven (Chair), McCon-
nell, Boozman, Ernst, Tillis, Sasse, Casey, Leahy, Brown, Gillibrand, and Bennet. 
Subcommittee on Livestock, Marketing and Agriculture 
Security: Senators Sasse (Chair), McConnell, Ernst, 
Tillis, Thune, Grassley, Gillibrand, Leahy, Klo-buchar, Donnelly, and Casey. 
Senators Roberts and Stabenow are ex-officio members of 
each subcommittee. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported 41 nominations in the Air Force and Marine Corps. 
BUDGET CONTROL ACT 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the impact of the ‘‘Budget Con-trol Act of 2011’’ and sequestration on national se-curity, after receiving testimony from General Ray-mond T. Odierno, Chief of Staff of the Army, Admi-ral Jonathan W. Greenert, Chief of Naval Oper-ations, General Mark A. Welsh III, Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and General Joseph Dunford, Com-mandant of the Marine Corps, all of the Department of Defense. 
CBO BUDGET AND ECONOMIC OUTLOOK 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-
ing to examine the Congressional Budget Office’s budget and economic outlook for fiscal years 2015–2025, after receiving testimony from Douglas W. Elmendorf, Director, Congressional Budget Of-fice. 
FREIGHT RAIL TRANSPORTATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine freight rail transportation, focusing on enhancing safety, ef-ficiency, and commerce, after receiving testimony from Michelle Teel, Missouri Department of Trans-portation Multimodal Operations Director, Jefferson City; Frank Lonegro, CSX Transportation, Inc., on behalf of the Association of American Railroads, and David A. Brown, Genesee and Wyoming Railroad Services, Inc., both of Jacksonville, Florida; Bill Johnson, Miami-Dade County, Miami, Florida; and 
Chris Jahn, The Fertilizer Institute, Washington, DC. MAP–21 REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine MAP–21 re-authorization, focusing on Federal and state perspec-tives, after receiving testimony from Anthony R. Foxx, Secretary of Transportation; Alabama Governor Robert Bentley, Montgomery, on behalf of the Na-tional Governors Association; Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin, Montpelier; and Darin Bergquist, 
South Dakota Secretary of Transportation, Pierre. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably 
reported H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. Res. 35, commemorating the 70th anniversary 
of the liberation of the Auschwitz extermination camp in Nazi-occupied Poland, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
An original resolution (S. Res. 47) authorizing ex-
penditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
PROTECTING AMERICA FROM CYBER 
ATTACKS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
protecting America from cyber attacks, focusing on the importance of information sharing, after receiv-ing testimony from Marc D. Gordon, American Ex-press, and Peter J. Beshar, Marsh and McLennan Companies, both of New York, New York; Scott Charney, Microsoft Corporation, and Gregory T. Nojeim, The Center for Democracy and Technology, both of Washington, DC; and Richard Bejtlich, FireEye, Reston, Virginia. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
The nominations of Allison Beck, of the District 
of Columbia, to be Federal Mediation and Concilia-tion Director, Adri Davin Jayaratne, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor, and Mary Lucille Jordan, of Maryland, and Michael Young, of Penn-sylvania, both to be a Member of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JA5.REC D28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D76 January 28, 2015 
S. 192, to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 
1965; 
An original bill entitled, ‘‘Strengthening Edu-
cation Through Research Act’’; and 
An original resolution (S. Res. 44) authorizing ex-
penditures by the committee during the 114th Con-gress, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
Also, Committee announced the following sub-
committee assignments: 
Subcommittee on Children and Families: Senators Paul 
(Chair), Murkowski, Burr, Kirk, Hatch, Roberts, Cassidy, Casey, Mikulski, Sanders, Franken, and Ben-net. 
Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety: 
Senators Isakson (Chair), Paul, Scott, Kirk, Roberts, Cassidy, Franken, Casey, Whitehouse, and Baldwin. 
Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Secu-
rity: Senators Enzi (Chair), Burr, Collins, Kirk, Scott, 
Hatch, Roberts, Cassidy, Murkowski, Sanders, Mi-kulski, Bennet, Whitehouse, Baldwin, Murphy, and Warren. 
Senators Alexander and Murray are ex officio members 
of each subcommittee. 
INDIAN COUNTRY PRIORITIES 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine Indian country prior-ities for the 114th Congress, after receiving testi-mony from Aaron Payment, National Congress of 
American Indians, Melvin Monette, National Indian Education Association, and Stacy Bohlen, National Indian Health Board, all of Washington, DC; Gary Davis, National Center for American Indian Enter-prise Development, Mesa, Arizona; and Vance Home 
Gun, Aspen Institute Center for Native American Youth, Arlee, Montana. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported an original resolution (S. Res. 49) au-thorizing expenditures by the Committee, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 114th Con-gress. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee began hearings 
to examine the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General, after the nomi-nee, who was introduced by Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. 
Hearings recessed subject to the call and will 
meet again at 10 a.m., on Thursday, January 29, 2015. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported an original resolu-tion (S. Res. 45) authorizing expenditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported an original resolution (S. Res. 46) au-thorizing expenditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 
44public bills, H.R.578–621; and 7 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 11; and H. Res. 59–64 were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H660–62 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H664 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Hultgren to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H643 
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act: The House passed H.R. 351, to provide for ex-
pedited approval of exportation of natural gas, by a yea-and-nay vote of 277 yeas to 133 nays, Roll No. 
50.
                                                                               Pages H645–54 
Rejected the Garamendi motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 175 yeas to 237 nays, Roll No. 49. 
                                                                                      Pages H651–53 
H. Res. 48, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 351), was agreed to on January 27. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Friday, January 30th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JA5.REC D28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D77 January 28, 2015 
at 12 noon on Monday, February 2nd for Morning 
Hour debate.                                                                   Page H654 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H652–53, H653–54. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 12:08 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held an 
organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. The committee adopted its rules, subcommittee jurisdic-tions, and oversight report. 
A CASE FOR REFORM: IMPROVING DOD’S 
ABILITY TO RESPOND TO THE PACE OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘A Case for Reform: Improving DOD’s Ability to Respond to the Pace of Techno-logical Change’’. Testimony was heard from Frank Kendall, Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense; and Lieutenant General Mark Ramsay, USAF, Direc-tor, Force Structure, Resources and Assessment, Joint Staff. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held 
an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. The committee adopted its rules and oversight plan. 
SUPERCOMPUTING AND AMERICAN 
TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Super-computing and American Technology Leadership’’. Testimony was heard from Roscoe Giles, Chairman, Department of Energy Advanced Scientific Com-puting Advisory Committee; and public witnesses. 
EXAMINING THE QUALITY AND COST OF 
VA HEALTH CARE 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Quality and Cost of VA Health Care’’. Testimony was heard from Matthew S. Goldberg, Deputy As-sistant Director, National Security Division, Con-gressional Budget Office; James Tuchschmidt, M.D., Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Health, 
Veterans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. The committee adopted its rules. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
JANUARY 29, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
global challenges and the U.S. national security strategy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi-
ness meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Nu-clear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine improving the performance of transportation networks, focusing on stakeholder perspectives, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine S. 33, to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to ap-prove or deny applications to export natural gas, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold closed hearings 
to examine the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), 2 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine employer wellness programs, fo-cusing on better health outcomes and lower costs, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to continue hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Rules and Administration: organizational 
business meeting to consider an original resolution au-thorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, 12 noon, S–219, Capitol. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JA5.REC D28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD78 January 28, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, January 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipe-line, with a series of votes on or in relation to amend-ments to the bill beginning at approximately 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Friday, January 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 2 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E130 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E131 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E130 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E127 Carson, Andre ´, Ind., E130 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E129 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E129, E132 
Davis, Susan A., Calif., E129 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E128, E129, E130, E131, E131, 
E132 
Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E129 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E127 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E129 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E127 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E132 
Moolenaar, John R., Mich., E127 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E128 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E128, E132 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E131 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E133 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E128 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:21 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28JA5.REC D28JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST