Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2421 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2015 No. 60 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OODALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
April 23, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R OB 
WOODALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Terry Ribble, Grace Bible 
Church, Dunmore, Pennsylvania, of-fered the following prayer: 
Our gracious Heavenly Father, we 
come into Your presence today ac-knowledging that You alone are God and worthy of all worship. 
We declare that You are the Creator 
and Sustainer of all things and the one who provides the means of forgiveness to all mankind. 
We recognize Your sovereign rule 
over Heaven and Earth and that we, Your created beings, are Your stew-ards. 
Father, we thank You that You allow 
us to live in a nation where everyone has freedom to worship You according to the dictates of their own hearts. 
We pray for wisdom for our elected 
officials. Give them the ability to dis-cern the times in which we live and to see the consequences of their actions. Guide them in making decisions that will serve our Nation best. 
May Your spirit move across our 
land, bringing a new spiritual awak-ening. 
Father, cause Your face to shine 
upon our Nation and give us peace. 
In Jesus’ name, we pray. Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) come forward 
and lead the House in the Pledge of Al-legiance. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND TERRY 
RIBBLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. R
IBBLE ) is recognized for 1 
minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. RIBBLE. Mr. Speaker, as much 
as I am tempted to tell stories about my brother this morning, I will digress. It is my honor this morning to wel-come as our guest chaplain my brother, Pastor Terry Ribble. 
It is no surprise to me to find Terry 
in the full-time ministry. For as long as I can remember, he possessed the heart of a pastor. Terry left home at the age of 18 to go into foreign mis-sions. Years later, he returned to the United States with his wife, Madeline, and has spent his entire life in full- time pastoral service. No one who knows my family is taken aback by his chosen work. Today, Terry is the sen-ior pastor at Grace Bible Church in Dunmore, Pennsylvania. He possesses the acumen, compassion, and intellect uniquely suited for this purpose. The work that churches like his do in 
our communities changes and affects the lives of thousands of Americans as they reach out to the less fortunate, the sick, and the hungry, improving the lives of whom they touch. They en-rich our communities. 
I have watched Terry do all of these 
things. I am proud of him and of his work, and I thank him for his service today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
GENERAL FEDERATION OF 
WOMEN’S CLUBS 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am so thrilled we are beginning our day talking about doing good things for other people. Today, I rise to recog-nize and to pay tribute to the General Federation of Women’s Clubs. 
Tomorrow, April 24, is recognized as 
Federation Day, and it is the 125th an-niversary of the Women’s Club Federa-tion. This organization has such an in-teresting beginning. 
Jane Croly, who was a journalist, was 
denied attendance at a dinner in New York to honor Charles Dickens, and she was denied because of her gender. So she got busy with that, and she or-ganized a women’s club convention. On April 24, 1890, 63 clubs from around the country came together to form the Federation to focus on helping our communities. They have over 90,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.000 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2422 April 23, 2015 
members, and, last year, they did 
100,000 different community service projects with 4.5 million volunteer hours. 
They are coming to Tennessee in 
June for their convention. We look for-ward to welcoming them and to cele-brating doing good for other people. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
(Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise to commend the Sen-ate’s action yesterday on the passage of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act, and I urge the House lead-ership to bring this legislation up for final passage. 
The measures included in this traf-
ficking package will provide survivors of human trafficking the desperately needed resources and services to re-cover and rebuild their lives and to put traffickers and buyers behind bars. 
I am thrilled this package of bills 
also includes three pieces of legislation I am proud to be leading in the House, including the HERO Act, which trains wounded military veterans to aid law enforcement in investigating child ex-ploitation; the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act, which encourages States to allow a woman to terminate the pa-rental rights of a rapist; and my friend Representative R
ENEE ELLMERS ’ bill, 
which I am proud to colead, to train health care providers in identifying and assisting victims of trafficking. 
Survivors of child exploitation, rape, 
and trafficking have waited long enough. They need health, housing, and legal services now. They need legal and civil protections now. I urge the House to bring the Senate’s Justice for Vic-tims of Trafficking Act up for a vote without delay. 
f 
PETE WHEELER AND JAY SHAW 
(Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor and re-member two great civil servants from the great State of Georgia who passed away this week: Pete Wheeler, commis-sioner of the Georgia Department of Veterans Service, and former State representative and transportation board member Jay Shaw. 
Mr. Wheeler served in the Army in-
fantry and in the Georgia Army Na-tional Guard, retiring as a brigadier general and receiving several awards for his service, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars Silver and Gold Medals of Merit. He was a longtime attorney who used his past military service to advocate on behalf of veterans in Geor-gia. Mr. Wheeler served as VA commis-sioner for 61 years. If you couldn’t get it done any other way, you just called 
Pete. 
Mr. Shaw began his public service as 
mayor of Lakeland for 10 years. He also served in the Georgia House of Rep-resentatives, supporting improvements to the transportation system in Geor-gia. Mr. Shaw was an active member of the Georgia State Transportation Board and served as its chairman in the past. 
These two Georgians did so much for 
our great State, and I offer my condo-lences to their families and friends, and I would like to thank them for their service. 
f 
IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF 
THIS GOVERNMENT TO PROTECT ITS CITIZENS 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this morning, we will be addressing the issue of cybersecurity, one of the re-sponsibilities of the Homeland Secu-rity Department and of the Homeland Security Committee. 
In a briefing, many of us had the op-
portunity to hear a number of chal-lenging and difficult representations regarding the gyrocopter. Let me sim-ply say that the responsibility of this Nation and of this government is to protect its citizens, and I am appalled at what seems to be the inability or the inaction of certain agencies. 
I stand today on the floor of the 
House to say that it is intolerable and unacceptable when tourists and Ameri-cans come to their capital. I want them to expect the highest grade of security for their families, for their peace of mind. The Commander in Chief resides in Washington, D.C. That Commander in Chief has the right to have the high-est degree of security. 
I would ask, Mr. Speaker, that we 
immediately demand a response from the appropriate agencies so that noth-ing of this kind happens ever again. 
f 
CONGRATULATING STUDENTS 
FROM HIGHLANDS HIGH SCHOOL 
(Mr. MASSIE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and to congratulate the students from Highlands High School in Fort Thomas, Kentucky. 
These hard-working students in my 
district recently won the We the Peo-ple State-level competition and will represent the State of Kentucky in the national competition this weekend in Washington, D.C. 
The We the People program is a 
project of the Center for Civic Edu-cation. It works to further students’ knowledge of constitutional history and government, and it gives students a foundation in civics education that will prepare them to be effective future leaders. The program sponsors student debates and discussions of issues, such 
as the similarities between the United States Congress and the British Par-liament, the differences between the Constitution and the Articles of Con-federation, and the merits of the anti- Federalist arguments versus those of the Federalists. 
I am proud of these students’ hard 
work and dedication. I wish them all the best in their competition this weekend and in all of their future en-deavors. 
f 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, as I stand 
before you today, it is with a heavy heart that I think back to the events and to the atrocities that began 100 years ago. 
This week, millions of us will gather 
around the world to mark the centen-nial of the Armenian genocide. Today, I stand to remember the 1.5 million Ar-menians who perished from 1915 to 1923. 
As a crime against all humanity, the 
Armenian genocide has left an indel-ible mark on all of us. Unfortunately, Turkey, the successor to the Ottoman Empire, has never accepted responsi-bility for these atrocities. Instead, Tur-key continues to hide behind the bul-lying tactics that conceal violations of human rights. 
As a world leader and as a country 
that stands for freedom and justice for all, we must recognize the events that occurred and work to change the poli-cies that ignore the actions of the Ottoman Empire against the people of Armenia. The continued campaign of denial sets a dangerous precedent that makes future atrocities and genocides more likely. As the greatest force for human dignity in the world, the United States is long overdue to stand with the Armenian people. We cannot con-tinue to play politics with something that is this important. 
For me, it is incredibly disappointing 
that the administration will not follow in the footsteps of many world leaders, most recently those of Germany, Aus-tria, and the Vatican, who have recog-nized this genocide on its 100th anni-versary. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY FOR THE 21ST 
CENTURY 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, during a time when our digital world is so insecure, new poli-cies are needed to help defend against cyber attacks. The attacks against Sony Pictures, Target, and Anthem are just a few of the most recent examples. 
According to a report released by the 
Center for Strategic and International 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.003 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2423 April 23, 2015 
Studies, cyber crimes in 2013 cost more 
than $100 billion in the United States and, roughly, half a trillion dollars globally. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to re-
solve these problems by working to-gether to improve our Nation’s cyber defenses rather than having President Obama try to solve the problem one ex-ecutive order at a time, and that is ex-actly what the House is doing this week. Determined to protect the Amer-ican people from future cyber attacks, last night, the House passed one bipar-tisan bill—and it will vote on another today—which seeks to balance security while protecting privacy. 
Mr. Speaker, after years of inaction, 
the White House has indicated it is willing to work with Congress on this issue, signaling that we may finally put the policies in place that are nec-essary to protect our digital world in the 21st century. 
f 
b0915 
NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PRO-
TECTION ADVANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 1731. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ATCLIFFE ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 212 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1731. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b0916 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-directional shar-ing of information related to cyberse-curity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes, with Mr. W
OODALL in 
the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. T HOMPSON ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to bring to the floor 
H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, a proprivacy, prosecurity bill that we desperately need to safeguard our dig-ital networks. 
I would like to commend the sub-
committee chairman, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , 
for his work on this bill as well as our minority counterparts, including Ranking Member T
HOMPSON and sub-
committee Ranking Member R ICHMOND  
for their joint work on this bill. This has been a noteworthy, bipartisan ef-fort. I would also like to thank House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence Chairman D
EVIN NUNES and 
Ranking Member A DAM SCHIFF for 
their input and collaboration. Lastly, I would like to thank Committee on the Judiciary Chairman G
OODLATTE and 
Ranking Member C ONYERS for their 
contribution. 
Make no mistake, we are in the mid-
dle of a silent crisis. At this very mo-ment, our Nation’s businesses are being robbed, and sensitive government in-formation is being stolen. We are under siege by a faceless enemy whose tracks are covered in cyberspace. 
Sophisticated breaches at companies 
like Anthem, Target, Neiman Marcus, Home Depot, and JPMorgan have com-promised the personal information of millions of private citizens. Nation- states like Iran and North Korea have launched digital bombs to get revenge at U.S.-based companies, while others like China are stealing intellectual property. We recently witnessed brazen cyber assaults against the White House and the State Department, which put sensitive government information at risk. 
In the meantime, our adversaries 
have been developing the tools to shut down everything from power grids to water systems so they can cripple our economy and weaken our ability to de-fend the United States. 
This bill will allow us to turn the 
tide against our enemies and ramp up our defenses by allowing for greater cyber threat information sharing. This bill will strengthen the Department of Homeland Security’s National Cyberse-curity and Communications Integra-tion Center, or NCCIC. The NCCIC is a primary civilian interface for exchang-ing cyber threat information, and for good reason. It is not a cyber regu-lator. It is not looking to prosecute anyone, and it is not military or a spy agency. Its sole purpose, Mr. Chairman, is to prevent and respond to cyber at-tacks against our public and private networks while aggressively protecting Americans’ privacy. 
Right now we are in a pre-9/11 mo-
ment in cyberspace. In the same way legal barriers and turf wars kept us from connecting the dots before 9/11, the lack of cyber threat information sharing makes us vulnerable to an at-tack. Companies are afraid to share be-cause they do not feel they have the adequate legal protection to do so. H.R. 1731 removes those legal barriers 
and creates a safe harbor, which will encourage companies to voluntarily ex-change information about attacks against their networks. This will allow both the government and private sec-tor to spot digital attacks earlier and keep malicious actors outside of our networks and away from information that Americans expect to be defended. 
This bill also puts privacy and civil 
liberties first. It requires that personal information of our citizens be pro-tected before it changes hands—wheth-er it is provided to the government or exchanged between companies—so pri-vate citizens do not have their sen-sitive data exposed. 
Significantly, both industry and pri-
vacy groups have announced their sup-port for this legislation because they recognize that we need to work to-gether urgently to combat the cyber threat to this country. 
Today, we have a dangerously incom-
plete picture of the online war being waged against us, and it is costing Americans their time, money, and jobs. It is time for us to safeguard our dig-ital frontier. This legislation is a nec-essary and vital step to do exactly that. 
Mr. Chairman, before I reserve the 
balance of my time, I would like to enter into the R
ECORD an exchange of 
letters between the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE , and myself, recognizing the ju-
risdictional interest of the Committee on the Judiciary in H.R. 1731. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, April 21, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cyberse-curity Protection Advancement Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 1731 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 1731 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also re-serves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you sup-port any such request. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 1731. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.004 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2424 April 23, 2015 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, April 21, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1731, the ‘‘Na-tional Cybersecurity Protection Advance-ment Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Judiciary will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Judiciary does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Judi-ciary represented on the conference com-mittee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. M CCAUL. With that, I urge my 
colleagues to support this important legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1731, the Na-
tional Cybersecurity Protection Ad-vancement Act of 2015. 
Mr. Chairman, every day U.S. net-
works face hundreds of millions of cyber hacking attempts and attacks. Many of these attacks target large cor-porations and negatively impact con-sumers. They are launched by common hackers as well as nation-states. As the Sony attack last year demonstrated, they have a great potential for harm and put our economy and homeland se-curity at risk. 
Last week, it was reported that at-
tacks against SCADA industrial con-trol systems rose 100 percent between 2013 and 2014. Given that SCADA sys-tems are essential to running our power plants, factories, and refineries, this is a very troubling trend. 
Just yesterday, we learned about an 
advanced persistent threat that has targeted high-profile individuals at the White House and State Department since last year. According to an indus-try expert, this cyber threat—nick-named CozyDuke—includes malware, information-stealing programs, and antivirus back doors that bear the hall-marks of Russian cyber espionage tools. 
Mr. Chairman, cyber terrorists and 
cyber criminals are constantly inno-vating. Their success is dependent on their victims not being vigilant and protecting their systems. Cyber terror-ists and cyber criminals exploit bad practices, like opening attachments and clicking links from unknown send-ers. That is why I am pleased that H.R. 1731 includes a provision authored by Representative W
ATSON COLEMAN to 
authorize a national cyber public awareness campaign to promote great-er cyber hygiene. 
Another key element of cybersecu-
rity is, of course, information sharing about cyber threats. We have seen that when companies come forward and share their knowledge about imminent cyber threats, timely actions can be taken to prevent damage to vital IT networks. Thus, cybersecurity is one of those places where the old adage ‘‘knowledge is power’’ applies. 
That is why I am pleased H.R. 1731 
authorizes private companies to volun-tarily share timely cyber threat infor-mation and malware with DHS or other impacted companies. Under H.R. 1731, companies may voluntarily choose to share threat information to prevent fu-ture attacks to other systems. 
I am also pleased that the bill au-
thorizes companies to monitor their own IT networks to identify penetra-tions and take steps to protect their networks from cyber threats. H.R. 1731 builds on bipartisan legislation enacted last year that authorized the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’s National Cybersecurity and Communications In-tegration Center, commonly referred to as NCCIC. 
H.R. 1731 was unanimously approved 
by the committee last week and rep-resents months of outreach to a diverse array of stakeholders from the private sector and the privacy community. Im-portantly, H.R. 1731 requires partici-pating companies to make reasonable efforts prior to sharing to scrub the data to remove information that could identify a person when that person is not believed to be related to the threat. 
H.R. 1731 also directs DHS to scrub 
the data it receives and add an addi-tional layer of privacy protection. Ad-ditionally, it requires the NCCIC to have strong procedures for protecting privacy, and calls for robust oversight by the Department’s chief privacy offi-cer, its chief civil rights and civil lib-erties officer, and inspector general, and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. 
I am a cosponsor of H.R. 1731, but as 
the White House observed earlier this week, improvements are needed to en-sure that its liability protections are appropriately targeted. In its current form, it would potentially protect com-panies that are negligent in how they carry out authorized activities under the act. 
Mr. Chairman, before reserving the 
balance of my time, I wish to engage in a colloquy with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) regarding the li-
ability protection provisions of H.R. 1731. 
At the outset, I would like to express 
my appreciation for the gentleman’s willingness to work with me and the other Democrats on the committee to develop this bipartisan legislation. We have a shared goal of bolstering cyber-security and improving the quality of information that the private sector re-ceives about timely cyber threats so 
that they can act to protect their net-works and the valuable data stored on them. 
Therefore, it is concerning that the 
liability protection provision appears to undermine this shared goal insofar as it includes language that on its face incentivizes companies to do nothing about actionable cyber information. Specifically, I am speaking of the lan-guage on page 36, line 18, that extends liability protections to a company that fails to act on timely threat informa-tion provided by DHS or another im-pacted company. 
I would ask the gentleman from 
Texas to work with me to clarify the language as it moves through the legis-lative process to underscore that it is not Congress’ intent to promote inac-tion by companies who have timely threat information. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentleman from Mississippi for his question and would say that I do not completely share your view of that clause. I assure you that incentivizing companies to do nothing with timely threat information is certainly not the intent of this provision, as the author of this bill. 
On the contrary, I believe it is impor-
tant that we provide companies with legal safe harbors to encourage sharing of cyber threat information and also believe that every company that par-ticipates in this information-sharing process, especially small- and medium- sized businesses, cannot be required to act upon every piece of cyber threat in-formation they receive. 
As such, I support looking for ways 
to clarify that point with you, Mr. T
HOMPSON . I commit to working with 
you as this bill moves forward to look for ways to refine the language to en-sure that it is consistent with our shared policy goal of getting timely in-formation into the hands of businesses so that they can protect their networks and their data. 
b0930 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I now 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ), the chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, my close ally and colleague on this leg-islation. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I am grateful for the 
opportunity to work with Chairman M
CCAUL in crafting the National Cy-
bersecurity Protection Advancement Act. I would also like to thank Rank-ing Members R
ICHMOND and T HOMPSON  
for their hard work on this issue; and a special thank you to the Homeland Se-curity staff, who worked incredibly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.002 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2425 April 23, 2015 
hard to bring this important bill to the 
floor today. 
Mr. Chairman, for years now, the pri-
vate sector has been on the front lines in trying to guard against potentially devastating cyber attacks. 
Just 2 months ago, one of the Na-
tion’s largest health insurance pro-viders, Anthem, suffered a devastating cyber attack that compromised the personal information and health records of more than 80 million Ameri-cans. 
The consequences of that breach hit 
home for many of those Americans just a week ago, on tax day, when thou-sands of them tried to file their tax re-turns, only to see them be rejected be-cause cyber criminals had used their information to file false tax returns. 
Mr. Chairman, attacks like these 
serve as a wake-up call to all Ameri-cans and provide clear evidence that our cyber adversaries have the upper hand. The consequences will get even worse if we fail to tackle this issue head on because even greater and more frightening threats exist, ones that ex-tend to the critical infrastructure that support our very way of life. 
I am talking about cyber attacks 
against the networks which control our bridges, our dams, our power grids, rails, and even our water supply. At-tacks on this critical infrastructure have the potential to produce sustained blackouts, halt air traffic, shut off fuel supplies, or, even worse, contaminate the air, food, and water that we need to survive. 
These scenarios paint a picture of 
economic crisis and physical chaos that are, unfortunately, all too real and all too possible right now. 
Mr. Chairman, 85 percent of our Na-
tion’s critical infrastructure is con-trolled by the private sector, not by the government, a fact which under-scores the reality that America’s secu-rity, when it comes to defending against cyber attacks, largely depends on the security of our private net-works. 
The simple truth is that many in the 
private sector can’t defend their net-works or our critical infrastructure against these threats. 
H.R. 1731 provides a solution for the 
rapid sharing of important cyber threat information to minimize or, in some cases, prevent the cyber attacks from being successful. 
Through the Department of Home-
land Security’s National Cybersecurity Communication and Integration Cen-ter, or NCCIC, this bill will facilitate the sharing of cyber threat indicators between the private sector entities and between the private sector and the Federal Government. 
With carefully crafted liability pro-
tections, private entities would finally be able to share cyber threat indicators with their private sector counterparts through the NCCIC without fear of li-ability. 
The sharing of these cyber threat in-
dicators, or, more specifically, the tools, techniques, and tactics used by 
cyber intruders, will arm those who protect our networks with the valuable information they need to fortify our defenses against future cyber attacks. 
Because some have said that prior 
proposals didn’t go far enough in safe-guarding personal privacy, this bill ad-dresses those concerns with robust pri-vacy measures that ensure the protec-tion of Americans’ personal informa-tion and private data. 
H.R. 1731 will provide protection only 
for sharing that is done voluntarily with the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s NCCIC, which is a civilian en-tity. It does not provide for or allow sharing with the NSA or the Depart-ment of Defense. In fact, this bill ex-pressly prohibits information from being used for surveillance purposes. 
This bill also limits the type of infor-
mation that can be shared, and it re-quires the removal of all personally identifiable information, which is scrubbed out before the cyber threat indicators can be shared. 
In short, this bill improves and in-
creases protection for the personal pri-vacy of Americans, which currently re-mains so vulnerable to malicious at-tacks from our cyber adversaries. 
Mr. Chairman, the status quo isn’t 
working when it comes to defending against cyber threats. The need to bet-ter secure Americans’ personal infor-mation and better protect and safe-guard our critical infrastructure is pre-cisely what compels congressional ac-tion right now. 
I strongly endorse the passage of this 
vital legislation, and I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support it as well. I thank the gen-tleman from Texas for his leadership. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to 
be back on the floor today to support the House’s second major piece of cy-bersecurity legislation in less than 24 hours. 
As I said yesterday afternoon, it has 
been a long time coming, for sure. Cy-bersecurity has been a passion of mine for nearly a decade, and I am abso-lutely thrilled that, after years of hard work, the House, the Senate, and the President finally are beginning to see eye-to-eye. 
The National Cybersecurity Protec-
tion Advancement Act has at its core three basic authorizations. First, it au-thorizes private entities and the DHS’s NCCIC to share, for cybersecurity pur-poses only, cyber threat indicators that have been stripped of personal in-formation and details. Second, it al-lows businesses to monitor their net-works in search of cybersecurity risks. And third, it authorizes companies to deploy limited defensive measures to 
protect their systems from malicious actors. 
Those three authorizations perfectly 
describe the information-sharing re-gime we so desperately need. Under the act, companies would collect informa-tion on threats, share it with their peers and with a civilian portal, and then use the indicators they have re-ceived to defend themselves. 
Data are scrubbed of personal identi-
fiable information before they are shared and after they are received by the NCCIC. Companies are offered lim-ited liability protections for sharing information they gather in accordance with this bill. 
This legislation also provides for the 
deployment of rapid automated sharing protocols—something DHS has been hard at work on with the STIX/TAXII program—and it expands last year’s NCCIC authorization. 
Mr. Chairman, I do believe that the 
liability protections contained in this bill may prove overly broad, and I cer-
tainly hope that we can address that point as the legislative process con-tinues, particularly, hopefully, when we get to a conference committee on this issue. 
Overall, though, it is a fine piece of 
legislation, and I wholeheartedly con-gratulate Chairman M
CCAUL, Ranking 
Member T HOMPSON , Subcommittee 
Chairman R ATCLIFFE , and Ranking 
Member R ICHMOND , as well as the other 
members of the committee and espe-cially committee staff, for a job well done. 
Information-sharing legislation, Mr. 
Chairman, is not a silver bullet by any means, but it will substantially im-prove our Nation’s cyber defenses and get us to a place where our Nation is much more secure in cyberspace than where we are today. 
Protecting critical infrastructure, of 
course, is among our chief concerns. That will allow for the type of informa-tion sharing that will get us to a much more secure place. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge my col-
leagues to support this bill, and I hope that the Senate will quickly follow 
suit. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
IL-
LER), the vice chairman of the Home-
land Security Committee. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Chairman, first of all, I want to thank the distinguished chairman for yield-ing the time. 
I think you can see by the comments 
that have been made thus far that we have a very bipartisan bill and a bipar-tisan approach. That is, through our committee, in no short measure be-cause of the leadership that Chairman M
CCAUL and, quite frankly, our rank-
ing member have exhibited with the vi-sion that they have had, these two gen-tlemen working together, and both the chair and the ranking member on our Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. R ICHMOND as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.007 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2426 April 23, 2015 
This really has been a tremendous ef-
fort, and so important for our country. This particular issue, obviously, is cer-tainly a bipartisan issue. 
I say that, Mr. Chairman, because 
our Constitution makes the first and foremost responsibility of the Federal Government to provide for the common defense. That is actually in the pre-amble of our Constitution. 
In our modern world, those who are 
seeking harm to our Nation, to our citizens, to our companies, can use many different means, including at-tacks over the Internet to attack our Nation. 
Recent cyber attacks on U.S. compa-
nies like Sony, Target, and Home Depot not only harm these companies, Mr. Chairman, but they harm the American citizens who do business with them, putting their most personal private information at risk. 
These threats, as are well known, are 
coming from nation-states like North Korea, Russia, Iran, China, as well as cyber criminals seeking to steal not only personal information but also in-tellectual property and sensitive gov-ernment information. 
In today’s digital world, we have a 
duty to defend ourselves against cyber espionage, and the best way to combat these threats is to first recognize the threat and combine private and govern-ment resources and intelligence. Mr. Chairman, that is exactly what this bill does. 
Mr. Chairman, I think this bill will 
help to facilitate greater cooperation and efforts to protect our Nation’s dig-ital infrastructure, including power grids and other utilities and other serv-ices that everyday Americans rely on each and every day. 
By removing barriers, which will 
allow private companies to voluntarily share their cybersecurity threat infor-mation with the Department of Home-land Security and/or other companies, I think we will in a very large way im-prove earlier detection and mitigation of potential threats. 
Additionally, this legislation that we 
are debating on the floor today ensures that personal identification informa-tion is removed prior to sharing infor-mation related to cyber threats and that very strong safeguards are in place to protect personal privacy and civil liberties. 
Mr. Chairman, I point that out be-
cause that was something that was dis-cussed a lot by practically every mem-ber of the Homeland Security Com-mittee. We were all very, very united on that issue. And I think that is an important critical component, a point to make, and it is reflected in this leg-islation. 
As Mr. R
ATCLIFFE mentioned just 
earlier, 85 percent of America’s critical infrastructure is owned and operated by the private sector—think about that, 85 percent—which means that cyber threats pose as much of an eco-nomic threat to the United States as they do to our security, and we have a constitutional responsibility, as I 
pointed out in the beginning, to pro-tect ourselves, to protect our Nation, to protect our American citizens from this ever-evolving threat. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I would urge that 
all of my colleagues join me, join all of us on our committee, in voting in favor of this important legislation that will provide an additional line, and a very important line, of defense against cyber attacks. 
The CHAIR. The Committee will rise 
informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. 
L
OUDERMILK ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 178. An act to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PRO-
TECTION ADVANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my dear 
friend from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON), and I commend him and the dis-
tinguished chairman of the committee, Mr. M
CCAUL, for their wonderful work 
on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, we cannot wait. 
America cannot wait for a cyber Pearl Harbor. This issue—cybersecurity— may be the most complex and difficult challenge we confront long term as a nation. 
In the wired 21st century, the line be-
tween our physical world and cyber-space continues to blur with every as-pect of our lives, from social inter-action to commerce. Yet the remark-able gains that have accompanied an increasingly digital and connected so-ciety also have opened up new, unprec-edented vulnerabilities that threaten to undermine this progress and cause great harm to our country’s national security, critical infrastructure, and economy. 
b0945 
It is long overdue for Congress to 
modernize our cyber laws to address those vulnerabilities present in both public and private networks. The bills before us this week are a step in the right direction, and I am glad to sup-port them, but they are a first step. 
Information sharing alone does not 
inoculate or even defend us from cyber attacks. Indeed, in the critical three P’s of enhancing cybersecurity—people, policies, and practices—the measures before us make improvements pri-marily to policy. I commend the two committees for 
working in a bipartisan fashion to im-prove privacy and transparency protec-tions. More is still needed to safeguard the civil liberties of our constituents. 
Further, I hope that the broad liabil-
ity protections provided by these bills will, in fact, be narrowed upon further consultation with the Senate. Cyberse-curity must be a shared public-private responsibility, and that includes the expectation and requirement that our partners will, in fact, take reasonable actions. 
Moving forward, I hope Congress will 
build on this effort to address the secu-rity of critical infrastructure, the vast majority of which, as has been already pointed out, is owned and operated by the private sector. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. We also need to 
strengthen our Nation’s cyber work-force, devise effective data breach noti-fication policies, and bring about a wholesale cultural revolution so that society fully understands the critical importance of good cyber hygiene. 
The bottom line is that our vulnera-
bility in cyberspace demands that we take decisive action and take it now, but much like the tactics used in effec-tive cybersecurity, we must recognize that enhancing our cyber defenses is an iterative process that requires contin-uous effort. 
I congratulate the staffs and the 
leadership of the committee. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), a member of the 
Committee on Homeland Security. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, 
over the past 40 years, we have experi-enced advancements in information technology that literally have trans-formed business, education, govern-ment; it has even transformed our cul-ture. 
Information research that only a 
couple of decades ago would take days, months, maybe even years to accom-plish is available, quite literally, at our fingertips and instantaneously. 
Other aspects of our lives have also 
been shaped by this immediate access to information. Shopping, you can go shopping without ever going to a store. You can conduct financial transactions without ever going to a bank. You can even have access to entertainment without ever going to a theater. 
These advancements in technology 
have not only transformed the way we access and store information, but it has also transformed the way we com-municate. 
No longer is instantaneous voice-to- 
voice communication only available through a phone call, but people around the world instantly connect with one another with a variety of methods, from email, instant text mes-saging, even video conferencing, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.008 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2427 April 23, 2015 
this can be all down while you are on 
the move. You don’t even have to be chained to a desk or in your business office. 
Really, every aspect of our culture 
has been affected by the advancements in information technology, and, for the most part, our lives have been im-proved by these advancements. 
As an IT professional, with 30-plus 
years’ experience in both the military and private sector, I know firsthand the benefits of this instant access to endless amounts of information, but, on the other hand, I know all too well the vulnerabilities of these systems. 
For the past 20 years, I have assisted 
businesses and governments to auto-mate their operations and ensure they can access their networks anytime and from anywhere. 
However, this global access to infor-
mation requires a global interconnec-tion of these systems. At almost any time during the day, Americans are connected to this global network through their phones, tablets, health monitors, and car navigation systems. Even home security systems are now connected to the Internet. 
We have become dependent on this 
interconnection and so have the busi-nesses and government entities that provide crucial services that we rely on, but as our dependence on tech-nology has grown, so have our vulnera-bilities. 
Cyberspace is the new battleground, 
a battleground for a multitude of ad-versaries. Foreign nations, inter-national terrorist organizations, and organized crime regularly target our citizens, businesses, and government. 
Unlike traditional combat oper-
ations, cyber attackers don’t require sophisticated weaponry to carry out their warfare. On the cyber battlefield, a single individual with a laptop com-puter can wreak havoc on business, the economy, even our critical infrastruc-ture. 
In the past several months, we have 
seen an increasing number of cyber at-tacks on national security systems and private company networks, breaching critical information. Earlier this year, Anthem BlueCross BlueShield’s IT sys-tem was hacked by a highly sophisti-cated cyber attacker, obtaining per-sonal employee and consumer data, in-cluding names, Social Security num-bers, and mailing addresses. 
An old adage among IT professionals 
states: There are two types of com-puter users, those who have been hacked and those who don’t know that they have been hacked. 
Today, this is truer than ever before. 
The incredible advancements made by the IT industry over the past three dec-ades have been predominantly due to the competitive nature of the free mar-ket. 
Without the overbearing constraints 
of government bureaucracy, oversight, and regulation, technology entre-preneurs have had the freedom to bring new innovations to the market with little cost and in record amount of 
time. 
It is clear that our greatest advance-
ments in technology have come from the private sector. That is why it is im-perative that the government partner with the private sector to combat cyber attacks against our Nation. 
The bill being debated in this House 
today, the National Cybersecurity Pro-tection Advancement Act, puts in place a framework for voluntary partnership between government and the private 
sector to share information to protect against and combat against cyber at-tacks. 
Through this voluntary sharing of 
critical information, businesses and government will voluntarily work to-gether to respond to attacks and to prevent our enemies from corrupting networks, attacking our highly sen-sitive data systems, and compromising our personal privacy information. 
While protecting individual privacy, 
this legislation also includes liability protections for the sharing of cyber threat information and thereby pro-motes information sharing that en-hances the national cybersecurity pos-ture. 
We are no longer solely dealing with 
groups of hackers and terrorists, but individuals who target large networks, corrupt our database, and get hold of private material. 
With today’s evolving technology, we 
must make sure we are affirming indi-vidual privacy rights and safeguarding both government and private sector databases from cyberterrorism. 
Protecting the civil liberties of the 
citizens of the United States is a top priority for me, and it should be for this Congress. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. That is why I do 
support H.R. 1731, because it provides that framework of cooperation between the government and the private indus-try, and it provides the protections and liability protections our industries need. 
We must have this bill. I do stand in 
support of it, and I thank you for al-lowing me this time to speak. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I have no additional re-quests for time, so I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), a 
member of the Homeland Security Committee. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have spent almost 9 years, or a little bit over 9 years, as an undercover offi-cer in the CIA. I chased al Qaeda, Taliban. Towards the end of my career, we started spending a lot more time fo-cusing on cyber criminals, Russian or-ganized crime, state sponsors of terror like Iran. 
What this bill does is it helps in the 
protection of our digital infrastruc-ture, both public and private, against 
this increasing threat. 
I had the opportunity to help build a 
cybersecurity company, and seeing the threats to our infrastructure is great. This bill, which I rise in support of, is going to create that framework in order for the public and the private sector to work together against these threats. 
When I was doing this for a living, 
you give me enough time, I am going to get in your network. We have to change our mindset and begin with the presumption of breach. How do we stop someone? How do we detect someone getting in our system? How do we cor-ral them? And how do we kick them off? H.R. 1731 is a great start in doing this and making sure that we have the right protections. 
We also are helping small- and me-
dium-sized businesses with this bill, making sure that a lot of them have the resources that some larger busi-nesses do and making sure that the De-partment of Homeland Security is pro-viding as much information to them so that they can keep their company and their customers safe. 
I would like to commend everyone on 
both sides of the aisle that is working to make this bill happen, and I look forward to seeing this get past this House and our colleagues in the Sen-ate. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I have 
no further requests for time. I am pre-pared to close if the gentleman from Mississippi is prepared to close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As someone involved in this issue for 
many years, I am not surprised by the overwhelming support that H.R. 1731 has garnered. Today, the House has the opportunity to join with the President and stakeholders from across our crit-ical infrastructure sectors to make our Nation more secure. 
By casting a vote in favor of H.R. 
1731, you will be putting the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, the Fed-eral civilian lead for cyber information sharing, on a path to fully partnering with the private sector to protect the U.S. networks. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, we are at a pivotal 
moment today and face a stark reality. The cyber threats to America have gone from bad to severe, and in many ways, we are flying blind. 
The current level of cyber threat in-
formation sharing won’t cut it. In the same way that we failed to stop ter-rorist attacks in the past, we are not connecting the dots well enough to pre-vent digital assaults against our Na-tion’s networks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.010 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2428 April 23, 2015 
The information we need to stop de-
structive breaches is held in silos, rath-er than being shared, preventing us from mounting an aggressive defense. In fact, the majority of cyber intru-sions go unreported, leaving our net-works vulnerable to the same attacks. When sharing does happen, it is often too little and too late. 
If we don’t pass this legislation to en-
hance cyber threat information shar-ing, we will be failing the American people and ceding more ground to our adversaries. 
I hope, today, that we have the mo-
mentum to reverse the tide and to do what the American people expect of us, pass prosecurity, proprivacy legislation to better safeguard our public and pri-vate networks. Our inaction would be a permission slip for criminals, hacktivists, terrorists, and nation- states to continue to steal our data and to do our people harm. 
I appreciate the collaboration from 
Members across the aisle and from other committees in developing this legislation. I would like to specifically commend, again, subcommittee Chair-man R
ATCLIFFE for his work on this 
bill, as well as our minority counter-parts, including Ranking Member T
HOMPSON and subcommittee Ranking 
Member R ICHMOND for their joint work 
on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to pass H.R. 1731. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today to 
oppose H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015. I com-mend Chairman M
CCAULand Ranking Mem-
ber T HOMPSON for crafting a cybersecurity bill 
that improves upon legislation this body has previously voted on, but ultimately I cannot support it in its current form. 
As was the case with yesterday’s bill, the 
Protecting Cyber Networks Act (H.R. 1560), I continue to have concerns about the ambig-uous liability provisions in this legislation. Spe-cifically, H.R. 1731 would grant immunity to companies for simply putting forth a ‘‘good faith’’ effort when reporting security threats to the Department of Homeland Security. Like H.R. 1560, companies would receive liability protection even if they fail to act on threat in-formation in a timely manner. I was dis-appointed that Republicans did not allow a vote on any of the seven amendments offered to improve the liability provisions in this bill. 
I strongly believe that we must take steps to 
protect against these cyber threats while not sacrificing our privacy and civil liberties. It is my hope that many of these murky liability provisions can be resolved in the Senate, but I cannot support this bill as it stands today. 
THE CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Homeland Security, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill, for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–12. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 1731 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Cyber-
security Protection Advancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY AND COMMU-
NICATIONS INTEGRATION CENTER. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of the second 
section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148; relating to the National Cyberse-curity and Communications Integration Center) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) the term ‘cyber threat indicator’ means 
technical information that is necessary to de-scribe or identify— 
‘‘(A) a method for probing, monitoring, main-
taining, or establishing network awareness of an information system for the purpose of dis-cerning technical vulnerabilities of such infor-mation system, if such method is known or rea-sonably suspected of being associated with a known or suspected cybersecurity risk, includ-ing communications that reasonably appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering tech-nical information related to a cybersecurity risk; 
‘‘(B) a method for defeating a technical or se-
curity control of an information system; 
‘‘(C) a technical vulnerability, including 
anomalous technical behavior that may become a vulnerability; 
‘‘(D) a method of causing a user with legiti-
mate access to an information system or infor-mation that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to inadvert-ently enable the defeat of a technical or oper-ational control; 
‘‘(E) a method for unauthorized remote identi-
fication of, access to, or use of an information system or information that is stored on, proc-essed by, or transiting an information system that is known or reasonably suspected of being associated with a known or suspected cyberse-curity risk; 
‘‘(F) the actual or potential harm caused by a 
cybersecurity risk, including a description of the information exfiltrated as a result of a par-ticular cybersecurity risk; 
‘‘(G) any other attribute of a cybersecurity 
risk that cannot be used to identify specific per-sons reasonably believed to be unrelated to such cybersecurity risk, if disclosure of such attribute is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
‘‘(H) any combination of subparagraphs (A) 
through (G); 
‘‘(6) the term ‘cybersecurity purpose’ means 
the purpose of protecting an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system from a cyberse-curity risk or incident; 
‘‘(7)(A) except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the term ‘defensive measure’ means an ac-tion, device, procedure, signature, technique, or other measure applied to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system that detects, prevents, or mitigates a known or suspected cy-bersecurity risk or incident, or any attribute of hardware, software, process, or procedure that could enable or facilitate the defeat of a security control; 
‘‘(B) such term does not include a measure 
that destroys, renders unusable, or substantially harms an information system or data on an in-formation system not belonging to— 
‘‘(i) the non-Federal entity, not including a 
State, local, or tribal government, operating such measure; or 
‘‘(ii) another Federal entity or non-Federal 
entity that is authorized to provide consent and has provided such consent to the non-Federal entity referred to in clause (i); ‘‘(8) the term ‘network awareness’ means to 
scan, identify, acquire, monitor, log, or analyze information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; 
‘‘(9)(A) the term ‘private entity’ means a non- 
Federal entity that is an individual or private group, organization, proprietorship, partner-ship, trust, cooperative, corporation, or other commercial or non-profit entity, including an officer, employee, or agent thereof; 
‘‘(B) such term includes a component of a 
State, local, or tribal government performing electric utility services; 
‘‘(10) the term ‘security control’ means the 
management, operational, and technical con-trols used to protect against an unauthorized ef-fort to adversely affect the confidentially, integ-rity, or availability of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; and 
‘‘(11) the term ‘sharing’ means providing, re-
ceiving, and disseminating.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT .—Subparagraph (B) of sub-
section (d)(1) of such second section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and local’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, local, and tribal’’; 
(2) in clause (ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, including information 
sharing and analysis centers’’ before the semi-colon; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iv) private entities.’’. 
SEC. 3. INFORMATION SHARING STRUCTURE AND 
PROCESSES. 
The second section 226 of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148; relating to the Na-tional Cybersecurity and Communications Inte-gration Center) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a Federal civilian interface’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the lead Federal civilian inter-face’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘cybersecurity risks,’’ and in-
serting ‘‘cyber threat indicators, defensive meas-ures, cybersecurity risks,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘cybersecu-
rity risks’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber threat indica-tors, defensive measures, cybersecurity risks,’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘cyberse-
curity risks’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber threat indica-tors, defensive measures, cybersecurity risks,’’; 
(D) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘cybersecurity risks’’ and in-
serting ‘‘cyber threat indicators, defensive meas-ures, cybersecurity risks,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) sharing cyber threat indicators and de-
fensive measures;’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs 
‘‘(8) engaging with international partners, in 
consultation with other appropriate agencies, to— 
‘‘(A) collaborate on cyber threat indicators, 
defensive measures, and information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents; and 
‘‘(B) enhance the security and resilience of 
global cybersecurity; 
‘‘(9) sharing cyber threat indicators, defensive 
measures, and other information related to cy-bersecurity risks and incidents with Federal and non-Federal entities, including across sectors of critical infrastructure and with State and major urban area fusion centers, as appropriate; 
‘‘(10) promptly notifying the Secretary and 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.011 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2429 April 23, 2015 
Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of 
the Senate of any significant violations of the policies and procedures specified in subsection (i)(6)(A); 
‘‘(11) promptly notifying non-Federal entities 
that have shared cyber threat indicators or de-fensive measures that are known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the require-ments of this section; and 
‘‘(12) participating, as appropriate, in exer-
cises run by the Department’s National Exercise Program.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-
paragraph (J); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the 
following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(E) an entity that collaborates with State 
and local governments on cybersecurity risks and incidents, and has entered into a voluntary information sharing relationship with the Cen-ter; 
‘‘(F) a United States Computer Emergency 
Readiness Team that coordinates information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, proactively and collaboratively addresses cyber-security risks and incidents to the United States, collaboratively responds to cybersecurity risks and incidents, provides technical assist-ance, upon request, to information system own-ers and operators, and shares cyber threat indi-cators, defensive measures, analysis, or informa-tion related to cybersecurity risks and incidents in a timely manner; 
‘‘(G) the Industrial Control System Cyber 
Emergency Response Team that— 
‘‘(i) coordinates with industrial control sys-
tems owners and operators; 
‘‘(ii) provides training, upon request, to Fed-
eral entities and non-Federal entities on indus-trial control systems cybersecurity; 
‘‘(iii) collaboratively addresses cybersecurity 
risks and incidents to industrial control systems; 
‘‘(iv) provides technical assistance, upon re-
quest, to Federal entities and non-Federal enti-ties relating to industrial control systems cyber-security; and 
‘‘(v) shares cyber threat indicators, defensive 
measures, or information related to cybersecu-rity risks and incidents of industrial control sys-tems in a timely fashion; 
‘‘(H) a National Coordinating Center for Com-
munications that coordinates the protection, re-sponse, and recovery of emergency communica-tions; 
‘‘(I) an entity that coordinates with small and 
medium-sized businesses; and’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘cyber 
threat indicators, defensive measures, and’’ be-fore ‘‘information’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘cyber 
threat indicators, defensive measures, and’’ be-fore ‘‘information’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘cyber-
security risks’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber threat indi-cators, defensive measures, cybersecurity risks,’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(v) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘cyberse-
curity risks’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber threat indica-tors, defensive measures, cybersecurity risks,’’; and 
(vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) the Center ensures that it shares infor-
mation relating to cybersecurity risks and inci-dents with small and medium-sized businesses, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(I) the Center designates an agency contact 
for non-Federal entities;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘cybersecurity risks’’ and in-
serting ‘‘cyber threat indicators, defensive meas-ures, cybersecurity risks,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or disclosure’’ before the 
semicolon at the end; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘, including by working with the Chief Privacy Officer ap-pointed under section 222 to ensure that the Center follows the policies and procedures speci-fied in subsection (i)(6)(A)’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(g) R
APID AUTOMATED SHARING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, in coordination with industry and other stake-holders, shall develop capabilities making use of existing information technology industry stand-ards and best practices, as appropriate, that support and rapidly advance the development, adoption, and implementation of automated mechanisms for the timely sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures to and from the Center and with each Federal agency designated as the ‘Sector Specific Agency’ for each critical infrastructure sector in accordance with subsection (h). 
‘‘(2) B
IANNUAL REPORT .—The Under Secretary 
for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a biannual report on the status and progress of the development of the capability described in paragraph (1). Such reports shall be required until such capability is fully implemented. 
‘‘(h) S
ECTOR SPECIFIC AGENCIES .—The Sec-
retary, in collaboration with the relevant crit-ical infrastructure sector and the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, shall recognize the Federal agency designated as of March 25, 2015, as the ‘Sector Specific Agency’ for each critical infrastructure sector designated in the Department’s National Infrastructure Protec-tion Plan. If the designated Sector Specific Agency for a particular critical infrastructure sector is the Department, for purposes of this section, the Secretary is deemed to be the head of such Sector Specific Agency and shall carry out this section. The Secretary, in coordination with the heads of each such Sector Specific Agency, shall— 
‘‘(1) support the security and resilience actives 
of the relevant critical infrastructure sector in accordance with this section; 
‘‘(2) provide institutional knowledge, special-
ized expertise, and technical assistance upon re-quest to the relevant critical infrastructure sec-tor; and 
‘‘(3) support the timely sharing of cyber threat 
indicators and defensive measures with the rel-evant critical infrastructure sector with the Center in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(i) V
OLUNTARY INFORMATION SHARING PRO-
CEDURES .— 
‘‘(1) P ROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Center may enter into 
a voluntary information sharing relationship with any consenting non-Federal entity for the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures for cybersecurity purposes in accord-ance with this section. Nothing in this section may be construed to require any non-Federal entity to enter into any such information shar-ing relationship with the Center or any other entity. The Center may terminate a voluntary information sharing relationship under this sub-section if the Center determines that the non- Federal entity with which the Center has en-tered into such a relationship has, after re-peated notice, repeatedly violated the terms of this subsection. 
‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—The Secretary may 
decline to enter into a voluntary information sharing relationship under this subsection if the Secretary determines that such is appropriate for national security. 
‘‘(2) V
OLUNTARY INFORMATION SHARING RELA -
TIONSHIPS .—A voluntary information sharing relationship under this subsection may be char-
acterized as an agreement described in this paragraph. 
‘‘(A) S
TANDARD AGREEMENT .—For the use of a 
non-Federal entity, the Center shall make avail-able a standard agreement, consistent with this section, on the Department’s website. 
‘‘(B) N
EGOTIATED AGREEMENT .—At the request 
of a non-Federal entity, and if determined ap-propriate by the Center, the Department shall negotiate a non-standard agreement, consistent with this section. 
‘‘(C) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—An agreement 
between the Center and a non-Federal entity that is entered into before the date of the enact-ment of this section, or such an agreement that 
is in effect before such date, shall be deemed in compliance with the requirements of this sub-section, notwithstanding any other provision or requirement of this subsection. An agreement under this subsection shall include the relevant privacy protections as in effect under the Coop-erative Research and Development Agreement for Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Col-laboration, as of December 31, 2014. Nothing in this subsection may be construed to require a non-Federal entity to enter into either a stand-ard or negotiated agreement to be in compliance with this subsection. 
‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION SHARING AUTHORIZATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), and notwithstanding any other provision of law, a non-Federal entity may, for cybersecurity purposes, share cyber threat indi-cators or defensive measures obtained on its own information system, or on an information system of another Federal entity or non-Federal entity, upon written consent of such other Federal enti-ty or non-Federal entity or an authorized rep-resentative of such other Federal entity or non- Federal entity in accordance with this section with— 
‘‘(i) another non-Federal entity; or ‘‘(ii) the Center, as provided in this section. ‘‘(B) L
AWFUL RESTRICTION .—A non-Federal 
entity receiving a cyber threat indicator or de-fensive measure from another Federal entity or non-Federal entity shall comply with otherwise lawful restrictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive meas-ure by the sharing Federal entity or non-Fed-eral entity. 
‘‘(C) R
EMOVAL OF INFORMATION UNRELATED  
TO CYBERSECURITY RISKS OR INCIDENTS .—Federal 
entities and non-Federal entities shall, prior to such sharing, take reasonable efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reasonably believed at the time of sharing to be unrelated to a cybersecurity risks or incident and to safeguard information that can be used to identify specific persons from un-intended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
paragraph may be construed to— 
‘‘(i) limit or modify an existing information 
sharing relationship; 
‘‘(ii) prohibit a new information sharing rela-
tionship; 
‘‘(iii) require a new information sharing rela-
tionship between any non-Federal entity and a Federal entity; 
‘‘(iv) limit otherwise lawful activity; or ‘‘(v) in any manner impact or modify proce-
dures in existence as of the date of the enact-ment of this section for reporting known or sus-pected criminal activity to appropriate law en-forcement authorities or for participating volun-tarily or under legal requirement in an inves-tigation. 
‘‘(E) C
OORDINATED VULNERABILITY DISCLO -
SURE.—The Under Secretary for Cybersecurity 
and Infrastructure Protection, in coordination with industry and other stakeholders, shall de-velop, publish, and adhere to policies and proce-dures for coordinating vulnerability disclosures, to the extent practicable, consistent with inter-national standards in the information tech-nology industry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.009 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2430 April 23, 2015 
‘‘(4) N ETWORK AWARENESS AUTHORIZATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a non-Federal entity, not in-cluding a State, local, or tribal government, may, for cybersecurity purposes, conduct net-work awareness of— 
‘‘(i) an information system of such non-Fed-
eral entity to protect the rights or property of such non-Federal entity; 
‘‘(ii) an information system of another non- 
Federal entity, upon written consent of such other non-Federal entity for conducting such network awareness to protect the rights or prop-erty of such other non-Federal entity; 
‘‘(iii) an information system of a Federal enti-
ty, upon written consent of an authorized rep-resentative of such Federal entity for con-ducting such network awareness to protect the rights or property of such Federal entity; or 
‘‘(iv) information that is stored on, processed 
by, or transiting an information system de-scribed in this subparagraph. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
paragraph may be construed to— 
‘‘(i) authorize conducting network awareness 
of an information system, or the use of any in-formation obtained through such conducting of network awareness, other than as provided in this section; or 
‘‘(ii) limit otherwise lawful activity. ‘‘(5) D
EFENSIVE MEASURE AUTHORIZATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, a non-Federal entity, not in-cluding a State, local, or tribal government, may, for cybersecurity purposes, operate a de-fensive measure that is applied to— 
‘‘(i) an information system of such non-Fed-
eral entity to protect the rights or property of such non-Federal entity; 
‘‘(ii) an information system of another non- 
Federal entity upon written consent of such other non-Federal entity for operation of such defensive measure to protect the rights or prop-erty of such other non-Federal entity; 
‘‘(iii) an information system of a Federal enti-
ty upon written consent of an authorized rep-resentative of such Federal entity for operation of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of such Federal entity; or 
‘‘(iv) information that is stored on, processed 
by, or transiting an information system de-scribed in this subparagraph. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
paragraph may be construed to— 
‘‘(i) authorize the use of a defensive measure 
other than as provided in this section; or 
‘‘(ii) limit otherwise lawful activity. ‘‘(6) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES PROTEC -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) P OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall, in coordination with the Chief Privacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Lib-erties Officer of the Department, establish and annually review policies and procedures gov-erning the receipt, retention, use, and disclosure of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents shared with the Center in accord-ance with this section. Such policies and proce-dures shall apply only to the Department, con-sistent with the need to protect information sys-tems from cybersecurity risks and incidents and mitigate cybersecurity risks and incidents in a timely manner, and shall— 
‘‘(I) be consistent with the Department’s Fair 
Information Practice Principles developed pur-suant to section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’ or the ‘Privacy Act’), and subject to the Secretary’s authority under subsection (a)(2) of section 222 of this Act; 
‘‘(II) reasonably limit, to the greatest extent 
practicable, the receipt, retention, use, and dis-closure of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures associated with specific persons that is not necessary, for cybersecurity purposes, to 
protect a network or information system from cybersecurity risks or mitigate cybersecurity risks and incidents in a timely manner; 
‘‘(III) minimize any impact on privacy and 
civil liberties; 
‘‘(IV) provide data integrity through the 
prompt removal and destruction of obsolete or erroneous names and personal information that is unrelated to the cybersecurity risk or incident information shared and retained by the Center in accordance with this section; 
‘‘(V) include requirements to safeguard cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures re-tained by the Center, including information that is proprietary or business-sensitive that may be used to identify specific persons from unauthor-ized access or acquisition; 
‘‘(VI) protect the confidentiality of cyber 
threat indicators and defensive measures associ-ated with specific persons to the greatest extent practicable; and 
‘‘(VII) ensure all relevant constitutional, 
legal, and privacy protections are observed. 
‘‘(ii) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section and annually thereafter, the Chief Privacy Officer and the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department, in con-sultation with the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (established pursuant to sec-tion 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee)), shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate the policies and procedures governing the sharing of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and information related to cybsersecurity risks and incidents described in clause (i) of subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(iii) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ACCESS .—The Under 
Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, in consultation with the Chief Pri-vacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department, and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (established pursuant to section 1061 of the In-telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee)), shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the policies and procedures governing the sharing of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and infor-mation related to cybersecurity risks and inci-dents. 
‘‘(iv) C
ONSULTATION .—The Under Secretary 
for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection when establishing policies and procedures to support privacy and civil liberties may consult with the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Chief Privacy 
Officer of the Department, on an ongoing basis, shall— 
‘‘(i) monitor the implementation of the policies 
and procedures governing the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures estab-lished pursuant to clause (i) of subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(ii) regularly review and update privacy im-
pact assessments, as appropriate, to ensure all relevant constitutional, legal, and privacy pro-tections are being followed; 
‘‘(iii) work with the Under Secretary for Cy-
bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection to carry out paragraphs (10) and (11) of subsection (c); 
‘‘(iv) annually submit to the Committee on 
Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that contains a review of the effectiveness of such policies and procedures to protect privacy and civil liberties; and 
‘‘(v) ensure there are appropriate sanctions in 
place for officers, employees, or agents of the Department who intentionally or willfully con-duct activities under this section in an unau-
thorized manner. 
‘‘(C) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—The In-
spector General of the Department, in consulta-tion with the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board and the Inspector General of each Federal agency that receives cyber threat indi-cators or defensive measures shared with the Center under this section, shall, not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this subsection and periodically thereafter submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of 
the Senate a report containing a review of the use of cybersecurity risk information shared with the Center, including the following: 
‘‘(i) A report on the receipt, use, and dissemi-
nation of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures that have been shared with Federal entities under this section. 
‘‘(ii) Information on the use by the Center of 
such information for a purpose other than a cy-bersecurity purpose. 
‘‘(iii) A review of the type of information 
shared with the Center under this section. 
‘‘(iv) A review of the actions taken by the 
Center based on such information. 
‘‘(v) The appropriate metrics that exist to de-
termine the impact, if any, on privacy and civil liberties as a result of the sharing of such infor-mation with the Center. 
‘‘(vi) A list of other Federal agencies receiving 
such information. 
‘‘(vii) A review of the sharing of such infor-
mation within the Federal Government to iden-tify inappropriate stove piping of such informa-tion. 
‘‘(viii) Any recommendations of the Inspector 
General of the Department for improvements or modifications to information sharing under this section. 
‘‘(D) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OFFICERS  
REPORT .—The Chief Privacy Officer and the 
Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department, in consultation with the Pri-vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, the Inspector General of the Department, and the senior privacy and civil liberties officer of each Federal agency that receives cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures shared with the Center under this section, shall biennially sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing the privacy and civil liberties impact of the activities under this paragraph. Each such report shall include any rec-ommendations the Chief Privacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department consider appropriate to mini-mize or mitigate the privacy and civil liberties impact of the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this section. 
‘‘(E) F
ORM.—Each report required under 
paragraphs (C) and (D) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(7) U
SES AND PROTECTION OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) N ON-FEDERAL ENTITIES .—A non-Federal 
entity, not including a State, local, or tribal government, that shares cyber threat indicators or defensive measures through the Center or otherwise under this section— 
‘‘(i) may use, retain, or further disclose such 
cyber threat indicators or defensive measures solely for cybersecurity purposes; 
‘‘(ii) shall, prior to such sharing, take reason-
able efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reason-ably believed at the time of sharing to be unre-lated to a cybersecurity risk or incident, and to safeguard information that can be used to iden-tify specific persons from unintended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition; 
‘‘(iii) shall comply with appropriate restric-
tions that a Federal entity or non-Federal entity places on the subsequent disclosure or retention of cyber threat indicators and defensive meas-ures that it discloses to other Federal entities or non-Federal entities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.009 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2431 April 23, 2015 
‘‘(iv) shall be deemed to have voluntarily 
shared such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; 
‘‘(v) shall implement and utilize a security 
control to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; and 
‘‘(vi) may not use such information to gain an 
unfair competitive advantage to the detriment of any non-Federal entity. 
‘‘(B) F
EDERAL ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(i) U SES OF INFORMATION .—A Federal entity 
that receives cyber threat indicators or defensive measures shared through the Center or other-wise under this section from another Federal en-tity or a non-Federal entity— 
‘‘(I) may use, retain, or further disclose such 
cyber threat indicators or defensive measures solely for cybersecurity purposes; 
‘‘(II) shall, prior to such sharing, take reason-
able efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reason-ably believed at the time of sharing to be unre-lated to a cybersecurity risk or incident, and to safeguard information that can be used to iden-tify specific persons from unintended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition; 
‘‘(III) shall be deemed to have voluntarily 
shared such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; 
‘‘(IV) shall implement and utilize a security 
control to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; and 
‘‘(V) may not use such cyber threat indicators 
or defensive measures to engage in surveillance or other collection activities for the purpose of tracking an individual’s personally identifiable information. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROTECTIONS FOR INFORMATION .—The 
cyber threat indicators and defensive measures referred to in clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) are exempt from disclosure under section 
552 of title 5, United States Code, and withheld, without discretion, from the public under sub-section (b)(3)(B) of such section; 
‘‘(II) may not be used by the Federal Govern-
ment for regulatory purposes; 
‘‘(III) may not constitute a waiver of any ap-
plicable privilege or protection provided by law, 
including trade secret protection; 
‘‘(IV) shall be considered the commercial, fi-
nancial, and proprietary information of the non-Federal entity referred to in clause (i) when so designated by such non-Federal entity; and 
‘‘(V) may not be subject to a rule of any Fed-
eral entity or any judicial doctrine regarding ex parte communications with a decisionmaking of-ficial. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE, LOCAL , OR TRIBAL GOVERNMENT .— 
‘‘(i) U SES OF INFORMATION .—A State, local, or 
tribal government that receives cyber threat in-dicators or defensive measures from the Center from a Federal entity or a non-Federal entity— 
‘‘(I) may use, retain, or further disclose such 
cyber threat indicators or defensive measures solely for cybersecurity purposes; 
‘‘(II) shall, prior to such sharing, take reason-
able efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reason-ably believed at the time of sharing to be unre-lated to a cybersecurity risk or incident, and to safeguard information that can be used to iden-tify specific persons from unintended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition; 
‘‘(III) shall consider such information the 
commercial, financial, and proprietary informa-tion of such Federal entity or non-Federal enti-ty if so designated by such Federal entity or non-Federal entity; 
‘‘(IV) shall be deemed to have voluntarily 
shared such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; and 
‘‘(V) shall implement and utilize a security 
control to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROTECTIONS FOR INFORMATION .—The 
cyber threat indicators and defensive measures referred to in clause (i)— ‘‘(I) shall be exempt from disclosure under any 
State, local, or tribal law or regulation that re-quires public disclosure of information or records by a public or quasi-public entity; and 
‘‘(II) may not be used by any State, local, or 
tribal government to regulate a lawful activity of a non-Federal entity. 
‘‘(8) L
IABILITY EXEMPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) N ETWORK AWARENESS .—No cause of ac-
tion shall lie or be maintained in any court, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, against any non-Federal entity that, for cybersecurity purposes, conducts network awareness under paragraph (4), if such network awareness is conducted in accordance with such paragraph and this section. 
‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—No cause of ac-
tion shall lie or be maintained in any court, and such action shall be promptly dismissed, against any non-Federal entity that, for cybersecurity purposes, shares cyber threat indicators or de-fensive measures under paragraph (3), or fails to act based on such sharing, if such sharing is conducted in accordance with such paragraph and this section. 
‘‘(C) W
ILLFUL MISCONDUCT .— 
‘‘(i) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to— 
‘‘(I) require dismissal of a cause of action 
against a non-Federal entity that has engaged in willful misconduct in the course of con-ducting activities authorized by this section; or 
‘‘(II) undermine or limit the availability of 
otherwise applicable common law or statutory defenses. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROOF OF WILLFUL MISCONDUCT .—In any 
action claiming that subparagraph (A) or (B) does not apply due to willful misconduct de-scribed in clause (i), the plaintiff shall have the burden of proving by clear and convincing evi-dence the willful misconduct by each non-Fed-eral entity subject to such claim and that such willful misconduct proximately caused injury to the plaintiff. 
‘‘(iii) W
ILLFUL MISCONDUCT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘willful misconduct’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
‘‘(I) intentionally to achieve a wrongful pur-
pose; 
‘‘(II) knowingly without legal or factual jus-
tification; and 
‘‘(III) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit. 
‘‘(D) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘non-Federal en-
tity’ as used in this paragraph shall not include a State, local, or tribal government. 
‘‘(9) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT LIABILITY FOR VIO -
LATIONS OF RESTRICTIONS ON THE USE AND PRO -
TECTION OF VOLUNTARILY SHARED INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a department or agency 
of the Federal Government intentionally or will-fully violates the restrictions specified in para-graph (3), (6), or (7)(B) on the use and protec-tion of voluntarily shared cyber threat indica-tors or defensive measures, or any other provi-sion of this section, the Federal Government shall be liable to a person injured by such viola-tion in an amount equal to the sum of— 
‘‘(i) the actual damages sustained by such 
person as a result of such violation or $1,000, whichever is greater; and 
‘‘(ii) reasonable attorney fees as determined 
by the court and other litigation costs reason-ably occurred in any case under this subsection in which the complainant has substantially pre-vailed. 
‘‘(B) V
ENUE.—An action to enforce liability 
under this subsection may be brought in the dis-trict court of the United States in— 
‘‘(i) the district in which the complainant re-
sides; 
‘‘(ii) the district in which the principal place 
of business of the complainant is located; 
‘‘(iii) the district in which the department or 
agency of the Federal Government that dis-closed the information is located; or ‘‘(iv) the District of Columbia. 
‘‘(C) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—No action 
shall lie under this subsection unless such ac-tion is commenced not later than two years after the date of the violation of any restriction speci-fied in paragraph (3), (6), or 7(B), or any other provision of this section, that is the basis for such action. 
‘‘(D) E
XCLUSIVE CAUSE OF ACTION .—A cause of 
action under this subsection shall be the exclu-sive means available to a complainant seeking a remedy for a violation of any restriction speci-fied in paragraph (3), (6), or 7(B) or any other provision of this section. 
‘‘(10) A
NTI-TRUST EXEMPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (C), it shall not be considered a vio-
lation of any provision of antitrust laws for two or more non-Federal entities to share a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure, or assist-ance relating to the prevention, investigation, or mitigation of a cybersecurity risk or incident, for cybersecurity purposes under this Act. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subparagraph (A) shall 
apply only to information that is shared or as-sistance that is provided in order to assist with— 
‘‘(i) facilitating the prevention, investigation, 
or mitigation of a cybersecurity risk or incident to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an infor-mation system; or 
‘‘(ii) communicating or disclosing a cyber 
threat indicator or defensive measure to help prevent, investigate, or mitigate the effect of a cybersecurity risk or incident to an information system or information that is stored on, proc-essed by, or transiting an information system. 
‘‘(C) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to permit price-fixing, allocating a market between competitors, mo-nopolizing or attempting to monopolize a mar-ket, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive planning. 
‘‘(11) C
ONSTRUCTION AND PREEMPTION .— 
‘‘(A) O THERWISE LAWFUL DISCLOSURES .—Noth-
ing in this section may be construed to limit or prohibit otherwise lawful disclosures of commu-nications, records, or other information, includ-ing reporting of known or suspected criminal ac-tivity or participating voluntarily or under legal requirement in an investigation, by a non-Fed-eral to any other non-Federal entity or Federal entity under this section. 
‘‘(B) W
HISTLE BLOWER PROTECTIONS .—Noth-
ing in this section may be construed to prohibit or limit the disclosure of information protected under section 2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code (governing disclosures of illegality, waste, fraud, abuse, or public health or safety threats), section 7211 of title 5, United States Code (gov-erning disclosures to Congress), section 1034 of title 10, United States Code (governing disclo-sure to Congress by members of the military), section 1104 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) (governing disclosure by em-ployees of elements of the intelligence commu-nity), or any similar provision of Federal or State law. 
‘‘(C) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS .—Nothing 
in this section may be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for a non-Federal entity to provide information to a Federal entity. 
‘‘(D) P
RESERVATION OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS AND RIGHTS .—Nothing in this section may 
be construed to— 
‘‘(i) amend, repeal, or supersede any current 
or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship be-tween any non-Federal entities, or between any non-Federal entity and a Federal entity; or 
‘‘(ii) abrogate trade secret or intellectual prop-
erty rights of any non-Federal entity or Federal entity. 
‘‘(E) A
NTI-TASKING RESTRICTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to permit a Fed-eral entity to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.009 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2432 April 23, 2015 
‘‘(i) require a non-Federal entity to provide 
information to a Federal entity; 
‘‘(ii) condition the sharing of cyber threat in-
dicators or defensive measures with a non-Fed-eral entity on such non-Federal entity’s provi-sion of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures to a Federal entity; or 
‘‘(iii) condition the award of any Federal 
grant, contract, or purchase on the sharing of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures with a Federal entity. 
‘‘(F) N
O LIABILITY FOR NON -PARTICIPATION .— 
Nothing in this section may be construed to sub-ject any non-Federal entity to liability for choosing to not engage in the voluntary activi-ties authorized under this section. 
‘‘(G) U
SE AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION .— 
Nothing in this section may be construed to au-thorize, or to modify any existing authority of, a department or agency of the Federal Govern-ment to retain or use any information shared under this section for any use other than per-mitted in this section. 
‘‘(H) V
OLUNTARY SHARING .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to restrict or condition a non-Federal entity from sharing, for cyberse-curity purposes, cyber threat indicators, defen-sive measures, or information related to cyberse-curity risks or incidents with any other non- Federal entity, and nothing in this section may be construed as requiring any non-Federal enti-ty to share cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, or information related to cybersecu-rity risks or incidents with the Center. 
‘‘(I) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .—This section su-
persedes any statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State that restricts or otherwise expressly regulates an ac-tivity authorized under this section. 
‘‘(j) D
IRECT REPORTING .—The Secretary shall 
develop policies and procedures for direct re-porting to the Secretary by the Director of the Center regarding significant cybersecurity risks and incidents. 
‘‘(k) A
DDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Sec-
retary shall build upon existing mechanisms to promote a national awareness effort to educate the general public on the importance of securing information systems. 
‘‘(l) R
EPORTS ON INTERNATIONAL COOPERA -
TION.—Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this subsection and periodi-cally thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall submit to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the range of efforts underway to bolster cyberse-curity collaboration with relevant international partners in accordance with subsection (c)(8). 
‘‘(m) O
UTREACH .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, shall— 
‘‘(1) disseminate to the public information 
about how to voluntarily share cyber threat in-dicators and defensive measures with the Cen-ter; and 
‘‘(2) enhance outreach to critical infrastruc-
ture owners and operators for purposes of such sharing.’’. 
SEC. 4. INFORMATION SHARING AND ANALYSIS 
ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 212 of the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 (6 U.S.C. 131) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘information related to cyber-
security risks and incidents and’’ after ‘‘critical infrastructure information’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘related to critical infrastruc-
ture’’ and inserting ‘‘related to cybersecurity risks, incidents, critical infrastructure, and’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘disclosing critical infrastruc-
ture information’’ and inserting ‘‘disclosing cy-bersecurity risks, incidents, and critical infra-structure information’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘related to critical infrastruc-
ture or’’ and inserting ‘‘related to cybersecurity risks, incidents, critical infrastructure, or’’ and 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘dissemi-
nating critical infrastructure information’’ and inserting ‘‘disseminating cybersecurity risks, in-cidents, and critical infrastructure informa-tion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(8) C
YBERSECURITY RISK ; INCIDENT .—The 
terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘incident’ have the meanings given such terms in the second section 226 (relating to the National Cybersecu-rity and Communications Integration Center).’’. 
SEC. 5. STREAMLINING OF DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY CYBERSECU-RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE PRO-TECTION ORGANIZATION. 
(a) C YBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE  
PROTECTION .—The National Protection and Pro-
grams Directorate of the Department of Home-land Security shall, after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, be known and designated as the ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protec-tion’’. Any reference to the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Protection of the Department. 
(b) S
ENIOR LEADERSHIP OF CYBERSECURITY  
ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 103 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by amending subparagraph (H) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(H) An Under Secretary for Cybersecurity 
and Infrastructure Protection.’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(K) A Deputy Under Secretary for Cyberse-
curity. 
‘‘(L) A Deputy Under Secretary for Infra-
structure Protection.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) D
EPUTY UNDER SECRETARIES .—The Dep-
uty Under Secretaries referred to in subpara-graphs (K) and (L) of paragraph (1) shall be ap-pointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate.’’. 
(2) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The individuals 
who hold the positions referred in subpara-graphs (H), (K), and (L) of paragraph (1) of sec-tion 103(a) the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as amended and added by paragraph (1) of this subsection) as of the date of the enactment of this Act may continue to hold such positions. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the feasibility of becoming an operational compo-nent, including an analysis of alternatives, and if a determination is rendered that becoming an operational component is the best option for achieving the mission of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Protection, a legislative proposal and implementation plan for becoming such an operational component. Such report shall also include plans to more effectively carry out the cybersecurity mission of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Protection, including expediting in-formation sharing agreements. 
SEC. 6. CYBER INCIDENT RESPONSE PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 227 of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ PLAN’’ and in-
serting ‘‘ PLANS ’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary ap-
pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H) shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) U
PDATES TO THE CYBER INCIDENT ANNEX  
TO THE NATIONAL RESPONSE FRAMEWORK .—The 
Secretary, in coordination with the heads of other appropriate Federal departments and agencies, and in accordance with the National Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan required under subsection (a), shall regularly update, maintain, and exercise the Cyber Incident Annex to the National Response Framework of the Department.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by amending the item relating to sec-tion 227 to read as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 227. Cyber incident response plans.’’. 
SEC. 7. SECURITY AND RESILIENCY OF PUBLIC 
SAFETY COMMUNICATIONS; CYBER-SECURITY AWARENESS CAMPAIGN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title II of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 230. SECURITY AND RESILIENCY OF PUBLIC 
SAFETY COMMUNICATIONS. 
‘‘The National Cybersecurity and Communica-
tions Integration Center, in coordination with the Office of Emergency Communications of the Department, shall assess and evaluate con-sequence, vulnerability, and threat information regarding cyber incidents to public safety com-munications to help facilitate continuous im-provements to the security and resiliency of such communications. 
‘‘SEC. 231. CYBERSECURITY AWARENESS CAM-
PAIGN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall develop and implement an ongoing and comprehensive cybersecurity awareness cam-paign regarding cybersecurity risks and vol-untary best practices for mitigating and re-sponding to such risks. Such campaign shall, at a minimum, publish and disseminate, on an on-going basis, the following: 
‘‘(1) Public service announcements targeted at 
improving awareness among State, local, and tribal governments, the private sector, academia, and stakeholders in specific audiences, includ-ing the elderly, students, small businesses, mem-bers of the Armed Forces, and veterans. 
‘‘(2) Vendor and technology-neutral voluntary 
best practices information. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Under Secretary for 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall consult with a wide range of stakeholders in government, industry, academia, and the non-profit community in carrying out this sec-tion.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 226 (relating to cybersecurity recruitment and retention) the following new items: 
‘‘Sec. 230. Security and resiliency of public 
safety communications. 
‘‘Sec. 231. Cybersecurity awareness cam-
paign.’’. 
SEC. 8. CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) S TRATEGIC PLAN; PUBLIC -PRIVATE CONSOR -
TIUMS .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 318. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT STRAT-
EGY FOR CRITICAL INFRASTRUC-TURE PROTECTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall submit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.009 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2433 April 23, 2015 
Congress a strategic plan to guide the overall di-
rection of Federal physical security and cyberse-curity technology research and development ef-forts for protecting critical infrastructure, in-cluding against all threats. Such plan shall be updated and submitted to Congress every two years. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN.—The strategic plan, 
including biennial updates, required under sub-section (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) An identification of critical infrastruc-
ture security risks and any associated security technology gaps, that are developed following— 
‘‘(A) consultation with stakeholders, includ-
ing critical infrastructure Sector Coordinating Councils; and 
‘‘(B) performance by the Department of a risk 
and gap analysis that considers information re-ceived in such consultations. 
‘‘(2) A set of critical infrastructure security 
technology needs that— 
‘‘(A) is prioritized based on the risks and gaps 
identified under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) emphasizes research and development of 
technologies that need to be accelerated due to rapidly evolving threats or rapidly advancing infrastructure technology; and 
‘‘(C) includes research, development, and ac-
quisition roadmaps with clearly defined objec-tives, goals, and measures. 
‘‘(3) An identification of laboratories, facili-
ties, modeling, and simulation capabilities that will be required to support the research, devel-opment, demonstration, testing, evaluation, and acquisition of the security technologies de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) An identification of current and planned 
programmatic initiatives for fostering the rapid advancement and deployment of security tech-nologies for critical infrastructure protection, including a consideration of opportunities for public-private partnerships, intragovernment collaboration, university centers of excellence, and national laboratory technology transfer. 
‘‘(5) A description of progress made with re-
spect to each critical infrastructure security risk, associated security technology gap, and critical infrastructure technology need identi-fied in the preceding strategic plan required under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology shall coordinate with the Under Sec-retary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology shall consult with— 
‘‘(1) critical infrastructure Sector Coordi-
nating Councils; 
‘‘(2) to the extent practicable, subject matter 
experts on critical infrastructure protection from universities, colleges, national laboratories, and private industry; 
‘‘(3) the heads of other relevant Federal de-
partments and agencies that conduct research and development relating to critical infrastruc-ture protection; and 
‘‘(4) State, local, and tribal governments, as 
appropriate.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 317 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 318. Research and development strategy 
for critical infrastructure protec-tion.’’. 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON REDUCING CYBERSECURITY 
RISKS IN DHS DATA CENTERS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the feasibility of the Department of Home-land Security creating an environment for the reduction in cybersecurity risks in Department 
data centers, including by increasing compartmentalization between systems, and pro-viding a mix of security controls between such compartments. 
SEC. 10. ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than two years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that contains an assessment of the implementation by the Secretary of Home-land Security of this Act and the amendments made by this Act and, to the extent practicable, findings regarding increases in the sharing of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and information relating to cybersecurity risks and incidents at the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center and throughout the United States. 
SEC. 11. CONSULTATION. 
The Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and 
Infrastructure Protection shall produce a report on the feasibility of creating a risk-informed prioritization plan should multiple critical in-frastructures experience cyber incidents simulta-neously. 
SEC. 12. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
The Inspector General of the Department of 
Homeland Security shall review the operations of the United States Computer Emergency Read-iness Team (US-CERT) and the Industrial Con-trol Systems Cyber Emergency Response Team (ICS-CERT) to assess the capacity to provide technical assistance to non-Federal entities and to adequately respond to potential increases in requests for technical assistance. 
SEC. 13. PROHIBITION ON NEW REGULATORY AU-
THORITY. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made 
by this Act may be construed to grant the Sec-retary of Homeland Security any authority to promulgate regulations or set standards relating to the cybersecurity of non-Federal entities, not including State, local, and tribal governments, that was not in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 14. SUNSET. 
Any requirements for reports required by this 
Act or the amendments made by this Act shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 15. PROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING. 
No funds are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for such purposes. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 88. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
b1000 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCCAUL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In section 2, strike the following: 
(a) D EFINITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of the sec-
ond section 226 
In section 2, insert before subsection (b), 
the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of the sec-
ond section 226 
In section 2(a), redesignate proposed sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) as proposed para-graphs (1) through (3), respectively, and move such provisions two ems to the left. 
Page 3, line 23, insert ‘‘, or the purpose of 
identifying the source of a cybersecurity risk or incident’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
Page 5, beginning line 6, strike ‘‘electric 
utility services’’ and insert ‘‘utility services or an entity performing utility services’’. 
Page 5, line 15, insert ‘‘(including all con-
jugations thereof)’’ before ‘‘means’’. 
Page 5, line 16, insert ‘‘(including all con-
jugations of each of such terms)’’ before the first period. 
Page 6, beginning line 2, strike ‘‘striking 
the period at the end and inserting ‘; and’’’ and insert ‘‘inserting ‘and’ after the semi-colon at the end’’. 
Page 6, line 6, strike the first period and 
insert a semicolon. 
Page 7, line 20, insert a colon after ‘‘para-
graphs’’. 
Page 8, line 23, strike ‘‘(d)’’ and insert 
‘‘(d)(1)’’. 
Page 11, line 6, insert ‘‘the first place it ap-
pears’’ before the semicolon. 
Page 14, line 25, insert ‘‘, at the sole and 
unreviewable discretion of the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection,’’ after ‘‘subsection’’. 
Page 15, line 8, insert ‘‘, at the sole and 
unreviewable discretion of the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection,’’ after ‘‘section’’. 
Page 15, line 21, insert ‘‘at the sole and 
unreviewable discretion of the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection,’’ after ‘‘Center,’’. 
Page 17, line 20, insert ‘‘or exclude’’ after 
‘‘remove’’. 
Page 17, line 23, strike ‘‘risks’’ and insert 
‘‘risk’’. 
Page 23, line 23, insert ‘‘, or’’ before ‘‘that’’. Page 29, line 25, strike ‘‘paragraphs’’ and 
insert ‘‘subparagraphs’’. 
Page 30, line 15, insert ‘‘or exclude’’ after 
‘‘remove’’. 
Page 32, line 4, insert ‘‘or exclude’’ after 
‘‘remove’’. 
Page 33, line 2, insert ‘‘, except for pur-
poses authorized in this section’’ before the period at the end. 
Page 34, line 16, insert ‘‘or exclude’’ after 
‘‘remove’’. 
Page 36, line 18, insert ‘‘in good faith’’ be-
fore ‘‘fails’’. 
Page 39, beginning line 19, strike ‘‘of the 
violation of any restriction specified in para-graph (3), (6), or 7(B), or any other provision of this section, that is the basis for such ac-tion’’ and insert ‘‘on which the cause of ac-tion arises’’. 
Page 41, strike lines 5 through 11. Page 44, line 19, strike ‘‘(I)’’ and insert 
‘‘(J)’’. 
Page 44, beginning line 19, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(I) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to permit price-fix-ing, allocating a market between competi-tors, monopolizing or attempting to monopo-lize a market, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive planning.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.009 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2434 April 23, 2015 
Page 46, line 7, insert ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘infor-
mation’’. 
Page 48, lines 9 through 10, move the pro-
posed subparagraph (H) two ems to the left. 
Page 48, lines 13 through 16, move the pro-
posed subparagraphs (K) and (L) two ems to the left. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The manager’s amendment to H.R. 
1731 further clarifies the intent of sev-eral important provisions of the bill. These modifications were made in con-sultation with privacy groups, industry leaders, and both the House Intel-ligence Committee and House Judici-ary Committee. 
Among the more notable changes 
made are: the expansion of protections for personally identifiable information to include the ‘‘exclusion’’ of informa-tion and not just the ‘‘removal’’ of in-formation, a modification to clarify that the use of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures is limited to the purposes authorized in the bill only, and clarifying language to say that identifying the origin of a cyber-security threat is a valid ‘‘cybersecu-rity purpose.’’ 
Each of these changes, along with the 
others made in the manager’s amend-ment, strengthen the bill and further support the committee’s mission to help protect America’s networks and systems from cyber attacks while, at the same time, ensuring that an indi-vidual’s private information enjoys ro-bust protection as well. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, the McCaul amendment makes several technical and clarifying changes to H.R. 1731 to reflect feedback from committee Democrats, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and stake-holders. 
Last week during committee consid-
eration, the gentleman from Louisiana, Representative R
ICHMOND , offered an 
amendment to refine the 2-year statute 
of limitations on citizen suits against the Federal Government for privacy violations. The underlying bill requires the clock to toll from the date when the government violated the citizen’s privacy. The likelihood that a citizen will know the exact date when the per-sonal information was mishandled is pretty remote. As such, Democrats argue that the provision was tanta-mount to giving the Federal Govern-ment a free pass to violate the privacy protections under this act. 
I am pleased to see that the gen-
tleman from Texas, Chairman M
CCAUL, has listened to Democrats’ concerns 
and has the amendment adjust the lan-guage, though it could use further re-finement. 
I am also pleased that the amend-
ment clarifies that all public utilities— not just electric utilities—are covered under this bill. 
The changes to the underlying bill 
that this amendment would make are in line with our shared goals of bol-stering cybersecurity and improving the quality of information that the pri-vate sector receives about timely cyber threats. Accordingly, I support the McCaul amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise as the designee of the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) to offer 
amendment No. 2. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 1, line 12, insert the following (and re-
designate subsequent subparagraphs accord-ingly): 
(A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) the term ‘incident’ means an occur-
rence that actually or imminently jeopard-izes, without lawful authority, the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of informa-tion on an information system, or actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful authority, an information system;’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today in support of amendment No. 2. This is a bipartisan amendment that will help clarify language in both the Homeland Security Act and this bill. 
This amendment narrows the defini-
tion of the word ‘‘incident’’ to ensure that a cybersecurity incident is limited to actions taken against an informa-tion system or information stored on that system. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, ensures that information shared with the NCCIC or other private entities is limited to threats and ac-tions against information systems and information stored on that system. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port this bipartisan language that will help clarify language in both the Homeland Security Act and this bill by narrowing the definition of the word ‘‘incident’’ to ensure that a cybersecu-rity incident is limited to actions taken against an information system 
or information stored on that system. 
This amendment ensures that infor-
mation shared with the NCCIC or other private entities is limited to threats to and actions against information sys-tems and information stored on that system. 
I also want to thank the gentleman 
from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 
being a leader on this issue and for calling this loophole, if you will, to the attention of the committee to make this a stronger bill on this floor. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Louisiana is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Chairman, I 
support this amendment to make an important change to a definition in the act and the law. 
A strength of this bill acknowledged 
by some in the privacy community are the limitations that the bill places on the authorizations for sharing and net-work monitoring. These activities can only be carried out for a ‘‘cybersecu-rity purpose.’’ Among other things, this limitation is intended to ensure that information is not shared for sur-veillance or law enforcement purposes and the authorization for network monitoring is not exploited by an over-zealous employer who wants to track his employees’ every move on the Internet. 
However, because of the broadness of 
a term within the definition of ‘‘cyber-security purpose,’’ it came to light that the language could be interpreted far more expansively than intended. 
I commend the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. R ATCLIFFE ), who is 
now offering the amendment, for tight-ening up the definition of ‘‘incident’’ in this bill and the underlying law. 
We use our smartphones, tablets, and 
computers for all manner of things, from setting up doctor appointments to buying groceries or ordering books. It is important that, even as we seek to bolster cybersecurity, we do not lose sight of the need to protect the privacy interest of ordinary Americans. That is why I support the Ratcliffe amend-ment. It will ensure that, in practice, the activities undertaken in this bill are limited to protecting networks and the data on them. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.003 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2435 April 23, 2015 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In section 2(a)(1), redesignate subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. 
In section 2(a)(1), insert before subpara-
graph (B), as so redesignated, the following: 
(A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1)(A) except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the term ‘cybersecurity risk’ means threats to and vulnerabilities of information or information systems and any related con-sequences caused by or resulting from unau-thorized access, use, disclosure, degradation, disruption, modification, or destruction of such information or information systems, in-cluding such related consequences caused by an act of terrorism; 
‘‘(B) such term does not include any action 
that solely involves a violation of a con-sumer term of service or a consumer licens-ing agreement;’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Rhode Island. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment that I am offering makes a fine bill even better. It clarifies that the definition of ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’— and, by extension, the definition of ‘‘cybersecurity purpose’’—does not apply to actions that solely involve the violation of consumer terms of service or consumer licensing agreements. 
This is a small but important change 
that will protect Americans’ privacy and ensure that white hat security re-searchers are not inadvertently mon-itored. The cyber threat data that will help turn the tide against malicious ac-tors are security vulnerabilities, at-tack vectors, and indicators of com-promise. What will not help is knowing that a consumer has violated a Byzan-tine terms of service agreement or that a researcher is testing software for ex-ploitable bugs that he or she will then share with the security community. 
While not every terms of service vio-
lation is well-meaning or born of igno-rance, there is no doubt in my mind that the existing body of contract law is more than capable of facilitating dis-pute resolution in these cases. 
The exclusion my amendment pro-
poses is not new to this floor. Both the 2012 and the 2013 versions of CISPA, which I worked on very closely while a member of the House Intelligence Com-mittee, contained similar exclusions, and the Protecting Cyber Networks Act that passed the House yesterday also includes this language. The amendment also makes clear that the exclusion applies only for actions that solely violate terms of service. An ac-tion that disrupted an information sys-tem in addition to being a violation of terms of service would still constitute a cybersecurity risk. 
Trust is the fundamental element of 
any information-sharing regime. The bill that we are considering is designed to build that trust by limiting the use of information shared to cybersecurity 
purposes and ensuring that indicators are scrubbed of any personal informa-tion before sharing. My amendment strengthens that trust by making it clear that our focus is on the many real cyber threats out there, not on consumers and researchers. 
I would like to again express my deep 
thanks to the chairman of the com-mittee, Mr. M
CCAUL, for his steadfast 
dedication on the issue of cybersecu-rity, and I would like to particularly thank his staff for working with us on 
this amendment. 
The chairman and the Democratic 
ranking member, Mr. T
HOMPSON , have 
done this body proud, and I certainly urge the adoption of my amendment and the underlying bill. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port this amendment, which would clarify that the term ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’ does not apply to actions solely involving violations of consumer terms of service or consumer licensing agree-ments. 
This amendment will protect con-
sumers from having information shared with the government due to a minor or unwitting violation of the terms of service, such as a violation of one’s Apple iTunes agreement, which my teenage daughters would appreciate. 
This amendment and this bill are 
meant to enhance the sharing of cyber-security information within the gov-ernment and the public. In order to promote voluntary sharing, the public needs to feel confident that the sole act of violating a terms of service or li-censing agreement won’t be shared with the NCCIC and that this bill is not a tool to enforce violations regarding terms of service or licensing agree-ments. These violations have robust legal remedies in place and should be handled through those channels. 
I think this strengthens the bill, and 
I appreciate the gentleman’s amend-ment to do so. I support this amend-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the chair-
man for his kind words of support. 
As many in this Chamber know, 
Chairman M
CCAUL and I have a long 
history on the issue of cybersecurity, from our time as co-chairs of the Com-mission on Cybersecurity for the 44th Presidency to our current roles as the cofounders and co-chairs of the Con-gressional Cybersecurity Caucus, along with a variety of other collaborations that he and I have engaged in. 
b1015 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Will the gentleman 
yield? Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. I would just like to high-light for all my colleagues the great work that we do in the Cybersecurity Caucus with my good friend and col-league from Rhode Island. The brief-ings we host every few weeks bring some of the brightest minds in both government and the private sector to the Hill to educate Members and staff on this national security issue. 
When we first started the caucus in 
2008, cyber was a topic very few Mem-bers knew anything about. It wasn’t really cool to know about cybersecu-rity. We have made great progress, I believe, the gentleman and I, since that time in raising the level of debate, en-gagement, awareness, and education with the Members on this critical sub-ject. 
I hope that the Members and the 
staff will continue to take advantage of the opportunities afforded by our cau-cus as our lives become even more interconnected in cyberspace. I think this issue has never been more relevant and more of a threat, quite frankly, than it is today. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the chair-
man. 
I am fond of saying that cybersecu-
rity is not a problem to be solved but a challenge to be managed. I thank the chairman for his collaboration and his leadership on this issue, along with Ranking Member T
HOMPSON . I cer-
tainly look forward to the caucus’ con-tinuing contributions to the discus-sion. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield to the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. LOFGREN. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I would just like to thank him for his 
amendment. It prevents this bill from becoming like the CFAA, which treats noncriminal activity as something wrong. This and the Katko-Lofgren amendment that preceded it narrow the bill, and both deserve support. I thank the gentleman for yielding and his amendment. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gentle-
woman for her comments and for her support. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I urge 
adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.018 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2436 April 23, 2015 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 10, line 11, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 10, line 16, insert ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon. 
Page 10, beginning line 17, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) remains current on industrial control 
system innovation; industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices;’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me express my appreciation to the chairman and ranking member of the full committee. Again, they have shown the kind of leadership that the Nation needs on dealing with homeland security. My particular appreciation to the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Secu-rity Technologies, as they have worked together and presented legislation that provided a very vigorous debate in the subcommittee and the full committee. 
We believe that we are making enor-
mous leaps and bounds. We are not where we need to be, but we are mak-ing leaps and bounds on the whole question of cybersecurity. 
Over the last couple of years, Mr. 
Chairman, even someone just reaching kindergarten understands hacking, un-derstands the collapse that we have seen in the variety of major retail enti-ties and banking entities, and they rec-ognize that we have a new lingo but a new problem. 
Frankly, almost maybe 10 years ago, 
or maybe somewhere around 7 years ago, as the infrastructure of the United States was under transportation secu-rity, we made the note that 85 percent of the Nation’s cyber is in the private sector. This legislation is a real ap-proach. The National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015 clearly puts the Department of Home-land Security where it needs to be and provides the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cen-ter as the anchor of the information coming into the Federal Government and the vetting entity where Ameri-cans can feel that their data can be protected and our civil liberties are protected. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment deals 
with the industrial control systems. All of us know them. I have been to water systems and seen the impact that a cyber attack could have; the electric grid, all of these are in the eye of the storm, and they are in private hands. Attacks against industrial con-trol systems doubled last year, accord-ing to a new report from Dell. 
‘‘We have over a million firewalls 
sending data to us on a minute-by- minute basis,’’ said John Gordineer, di-rector of product marketing for net-work security at Dell. 
Gordineer said: We anonymize the data and see interesting 
trends. In particular, attacks specifically targeting SCADA industrial control systems rose 100 percent in 2014 compared to the pre-vious year—2014. 
Countries most affected were Fin-
land, the U.K., and, yes, the United States of America. The most common attack vector against these systems were buffer overflow attacks. 
The underlying premise of my 
amendment, the public benefit of this amendment, is that taxpayer dollars provided to ensure cybersecurity of public and private computer networks will focus on real-world applications that reflect how businesses and indus-tries function. 
So I thank both my colleagues for it. 
This amendment, in particular, will be an important addition to the legisla-tion, which I believe can be supported by every Member. The amendment states that the Department of Home-land Security, in carrying out the func-tions authorized under this bill, remain current on industrial control system innovation, industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best prac-tices. 
Industrial control systems are rarely 
thought of as long as they work as de-signed. Industrial control systems are used to deliver utility services to homes and businesses, add precision and speed to manufacturing, and proc-ess our foods into finished products. In-dustrial control systems are respon-sible for the lights that brighten our cities; for the clean drinking water, which I indicated many of us visited these systems; of the sewage; of auto-mobiles that travel our highways; and the rows upon rows of foods that fill our shelves at grocery stores. 
We only need to look recently at a 
contamination of ice cream across the Nation to know that industrial control systems are extremely important. They are also used in large-scale manu-facturing. A day does not pass in this country when citizens’ lives are not impacted. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I am asking my 
colleagues to recognize that we are in control, but the industrial control sys-tems may, in fact, control our daily lives. My amendment is asking that the Department of Homeland Security, in carrying out its function authorized under this bill, remain current on in-dustrial control system innovation, in-dustry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices. 
I ask my colleagues, as I ask to put 
my entire statement into the R
ECORD — 
it lists a whole litany of the private sector infrastructure dealing with in-dustrial control. I am hoping that my amendment will be passed in order to ensure that all aspects of our cyber world are protected for the American people. 
Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman M
CCAUL and 
Ranking Member T HOMPSON for their biparti-
sanship in bringing H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015’’ before the House for consideration. As a senior member of the House Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, I am dedicated to protecting our nation from threats posed by terrorists or others who would wish to do our Nation harm. 
This is the first of 3 Jackson Lee amend-
ments that will be considered for H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Ad-vancement Act of 2015.’’ 
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 4 is simple 
and will be an important addition to the legisla-tion, which I believe can be supported by every Member of the House. 
The Jackson Lee amendment states that 
the Department of Homeland Security, in car-rying out the functions authorized under this bill, will remain current on industrial control system innovation, industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices. 
Industrial control systems are rarely thought 
of as long as they work as designed. 
Industrial control systems are used to: de-
liver utility services to homes and businesses; add precision and speed to manufacturing; and process raw foods into finished products. 
Industrial control systems are responsible 
for the lights that brighten our cities at night; the clean drinking water that flows from fau-cets in our homes; automobiles that travel our highways; and the rows upon rows of foods that fill the shelves of grocery stores. 
Industrial control systems are also used in 
large-scale manufacturing of home appliances, medicines, and products large and small that are found in our homes and offices. 
A day does not pass in this country when 
citizens’ lives are not touched by the output of industrial control systems. 
The critical importance electricity; water, 
natural gas, and other utility services are all provided by industrial control systems. 
Industrial control systems help keep the cost 
of everyday consumer products low, and they are essential to meeting consumer demand for goods and services. 
Industrial control systems undergo constant 
improvements as owners and operators work to address vulnerabilities and improve effi-ciency. 
Innovation is occurring rapidly in industrial 
control systems. 
All industrial control systems have one thing 
in common—they require computer software, firmware, and hardware. 
In its wisdom, the Committee on Homeland 
Security incorporated industrial control sys-tems in its cybersecurity legislation, because industrial control systems are vulnerable to computer errors, accidents, and cybersecurity threats. 
Coupled with the cybersecurity challenges 
of industrial control systems is the rapid pace of innovation. 
For example, a new innovation being adopt-
ed by industrial control systems involves 3- Dimential or 3–D printing. 
3–D printing involves scanning a physical 
object with a printer made of a high-power laser that fuses small particles of plastic, metal, ceramic, or glass powders into the ob-ject’s size and shape. 
According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, the 
3–D printing of jet engine parts to coffee mugs is possible. 
3–D printing has the potential to shrink sup-
ply chains, save product development times, and increase customization of products. 
3–D printing is not the only innovation that 
will impact industrial control systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.021 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2437 April 23, 2015 
Electricity delivery depends on industrial 
control systems. 
The biggest innovation in electricity delivery 
is the smart grid, which is quickly replacing old electricity delivery and metering technology in cities across the Nation. 
The term ‘‘smart grid’’ encompasses a host 
of inter-related technologies rapidly moving into public use to reduce or better manage electricity consumption. 
Smart grid systems can aid electricity serv-
ice providers, users, or third-party electricity usage management service providers to mon-itor and control electricity use. 
The smart grid is also making it possible to 
more efficiently manage the flow of electricity to residential and industrial consumers. 
Electric utility meters that were once read 
once a month are being replaced by smart meters that can be read remotely using smart grid communication systems every 15 minutes or less. 
The smart grid is capable of monitoring the 
consumption of electricity down to the indi-vidual residential or commercial property. 
DHS should remain current as innovations 
like 3–D printing and smart grid technologies are introduced to industrial control systems. 
This Jackson Lee amendment is a good 
contribution to H.R. 1731. 
I request support of this amendment by my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port this amendment, which will mod-ify the Information Sharing Structure and Processes section of the bill relat-ing to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center’s, or NCCIC’s, Industrial Control System. 
The Cyber Emergency Response 
Team, ICS-CERT. This amendment di-rects the ICS-CERT to remain current on ICS innovation, industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices. This amendment directs the ICS-CERT to keep abreast of new, in-novative technologies. This will enable the ICS-CERT to respond, when re-quested, with the latest and most cur-rent technologies and practices. 
It is a good amendment. I thank the 
gentlewoman for bringing it. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 11, line 22, insert before the semicolon 
at the end the following: ‘‘, and, to the ex-tent practicable, make self-assessment tools available to such businesses to determine their levels of prevention of cybersecurity risks’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
first, I would like to thank my col-league and fellow Texan, Chairman M
CCAUL, and Ranking Member B ENNIE  
THOMPSON of the House Homeland Se-
curity Committee for bringing up my amendment for consideration to H.R. 1731. 
This amendment supports small busi-
nesses across the Nation at no cost to taxpayers. My amendment would make self-assessment tools available to small- and medium-sized businesses so they can determine their level of cy-bersecurity readiness. Oftentimes, me-dium-sized and small businesses don’t have the framework or capability in place to protect against cybersecurity threats. In 2014, for example, 31 percent of all cyber attacks were directed not at large businesses but at businesses with less than 250 employees. This is a 4 percent increase from 2013. 
As the chairman knows, Texas is 
home to many small companies in so many critical industries: biomed and pharmaceuticals, energy, manufac-turing, and many more. Some of these businesses employ as few as 5 to 10 peo-ple, and their technology is unpro-tected, vulnerable to cyber attacks. 
Today most small businesses use the 
Internet, collect customers’ informa-tion, and store sensitive information on business computers. Yet many of these same companies don’t have the readily available information to self- assess their ability to defend their dig-ital assets. They lack the tools nec-essary for determining cybersecurity readiness. 
This pro-small business amendment 
fills that void and provides the infor-mation and tools needed to secure and empower small businesses across the country. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICH-
MOND ). 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to support the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
AS-
TRO). Over the course of the past year, 
cyber breaches at Target, Sony, eBay, and Anthem have consumed headlines and brought awareness to the vulnera-bility of large corporations to cyber threats. 
Although cyber attacks against 
small businesses are not well-pub-licized, they are a dangerous threat that we cannot afford to ignore. In fact, in 2012 alone, the National Cyber Security Alliance found that 60 percent of small businesses shut down within 6 
months of a data breach. Small busi-nesses are attractive prey for hackers because they often lack the resources necessary to identify cyber vulnerabili-ties and harden their cyber infrastruc-ture. 
Mr. C
ASTRO ’s amendment builds upon 
language I inserted into the underlying bill that is aimed at improving cyber-security capabilities of small busi-nesses. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to help protect small businesses from cyber threats by supporting this impor-tant amendment. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Thank you, 
Congressman R
ICHMOND , for reminding 
us that the big businesses that get at-tacked by hacks make the big head-lines, but we can’t forget about small businesses and medium-sized busi-nesses who day in and day out are vul-nerable to the same kind of cybersecu-rity threats. 
So, with that, I reserve the balance 
of my time, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port the gentleman’s amendment. The gentleman is correct. Small- and me-dium-sized businesses are the lifeblood of our economy, yet they often cannot dedicate the resources to address cy-bersecurity issues. Making self-assess-ment tools available to these busi-nesses will allow them to determine their levels of cyber risk and manage the risk through appropriate preven-tion. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield back back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 52, beginning line 12, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 232. NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PRE-
PAREDNESS CONSORTIUM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may es-
tablish a consortium to be known as the ‘Na-tional Cybersecurity Preparedness Consor-tium’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Con-sortium’). 
‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Consortium may— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.013 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2438 April 23, 2015 
‘‘(1) provide training to State and local 
first responders and officials specifically for preparing and responding to cyber attacks; 
‘‘(2) develop and update a curriculum uti-
lizing the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department sponsored Community Cyber Security Maturity Model (CCSMM) for State and local first responders and officials; 
‘‘(3) provide technical assistance services 
to build and sustain capabilities in support of cybersecurity preparedness and response; 
‘‘(4) conduct cybersecurity training and 
simulation exercises to defend from and re-spond to cyber-attacks; 
‘‘(5) coordinate with the National Cyberse-
curity and Communications Integration Cen-ter to help States and communities develop cybersecurity information sharing programs; and 
‘‘(6) coordinate with the National Domestic 
Preparedness Consortium to incorporate cy-bersecurity emergency responses into exist-ing State and local emergency management functions. 
‘‘(c) M
EMBERS .—The Consortium shall con-
sist of academic, nonprofit, and government partners that develop, update, and deliver cybersecurity training in support of home-land security. Members shall have prior ex-perience conducting cybersecurity training and exercises for State and local entities.’’. 
Page 52, before line 17, insert the following: 
‘‘Sec. 232. National Cybersecurity Prepared-
ness Consortium.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
first, I am very honored to be joined by my fellow colleagues and Members of Congress from both parties from San Antonio, Texas—Congressmen S
MITH, 
DOGGETT , C UELLAR , and H URD—who 
each represent a portion of Bexar County and have joined me on this amendment. 
My amendment would give the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security authority to establish the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, or NCPC, within the Department of Homeland Security. Doing so would formally allow this consortium, which already exists outside of the government, to as-sist State and local entities in devel-oping their own viable and sustainable cybersecurity programs, and it would be at no cost to taxpayers. 
The NCPC consists of five university 
partners. The University of Texas at San Antonio leads the effort, along with Texas A&M University in College Station, the University of Arkansas, the University of Memphis, and Nor-wich University in Vermont. 
b1030 
These schools proactively came to-
gether to coordinate their work, help-ing State and local officials prepare for cyber attacks. The consortium also de-velops and carries out trainings and ex-ercises to increase cybersecurity knowledge. 
Additionally, the NCPC uses com-
petitions and workshops to encourage more people to pursue careers in cyber-security and grow the industry’s work-force. States and communities need the 
ability to prevent, detect, respond to, and recover from cyber events as they 
would any other disaster or emergency situation, and they need to be aware of the fact that cyber events could impede emergency responders’ ability to do their jobs. 
This amendment helps address those 
State and local needs by codifying this valuable consortium. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port this amendment, which estab-lishes the National Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Consortium, consisting of university partners and other stake-holders who proactively coordinate to assist State and local officials in cy-bersecurity preparation and the pre-vention of cyber attacks. 
The amendment directs the Cyberse-
curity and Infrastructure Protection Directorate to update curriculum for first responders, provide technical as-sistance where possible, and conduct simulations and other training to help State and local officials be better pre-pared for cyber attacks. 
The amendment directs the consor-
tium to consist of academic, nonprofit, and government partners to deliver the best training possible, which will fur-ther advance the overall goal of H.R. 1731, to strengthen the resiliency of Federal and private networks and, thus, protect the data of the American people more effectively. 
I am a strong proponent of this type 
of consortium. I am pleased that the gentleman from Texas brought this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for his work in making this amendment happen. I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment to H.R. 1731. 
Cybersecurity is not just a buzzword. 
Oftentimes, large governments and governments have plans in place to mitigate and respond to cyber threats, but many smaller State and local enti-ties do not. This is why I cosponsored and stand in support of Representative C
ASTRO ’s amendment to H.R. 1731. 
Five leading universities across the 
Nation have teamed up to face these cyber issues head on, including the University of Texas at San Antonio and my alma mater, Texas A&M Uni-versity. The proposed consortium would pro-
vide valuable training to local and first responders in the event of a cata-
strophic cyber attack. It would also provide technical assistance services to build and sustain capabilities in sup-port of cybersecurity preparedness and response, and it would coordinate with other crucial entities, such as the Multi-State Information Sharing and Analysis Center and NCCIC. 
It is clear that we must focus on 
cyber preparedness not only at the Federal level, but the local level as well. 
Again, this is why I urge my col-
leagues to support this. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
TEXAS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTION OF FEDERAL INFORMA-
TION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title II of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 233. AVAILABLE PROTECTION OF FEDERAL 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
ploy and operate, to make available for use by any Federal agency, with or without re-imbursement, capabilities to protect Federal agency information and information sys-tems, including technologies to continuously diagnose, detect, prevent, and mitigate against cybersecurity risks (as such term is defined in the second section 226) involving Federal agency information or information systems. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(1) access, and Federal agency heads may 
disclose to the Secretary or a private entity providing assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2), information traveling to or from or stored on a Federal agency informa-tion system, regardless of from where the Secretary or a private entity providing as-sistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2) accesses such information, notwithstanding any other provision of law that would other-wise restrict or prevent Federal agency heads from disclosing such information to the Secretary or a private entity providing assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(2) enter into contracts or other agree-
ments, or otherwise request and obtain the assistance of, private entities to deploy and operate technologies in accordance with sub-section (a); and 
‘‘(3) retain, use, and disclose information 
obtained through the conduct of activities authorized under this section only to protect Federal agency information and information systems from cybersecurity risks, or, with the approval of the Attorney General and if disclosure of such information is not other-wise prohibited by law, to law enforcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.012 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2439 April 23, 2015 
only to investigate, prosecute, disrupt, or 
otherwise respond to— 
‘‘(A) a violation of section 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code; 
‘‘(B) an imminent threat of death or seri-
ous bodily harm; 
‘‘(C) a serious threat to a minor, including 
sexual exploitation or threats to physical safety; or 
‘‘(D) an attempt, or conspiracy, to commit 
an offense described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
‘‘(c) C
ONDITIONS .—Contracts or other agree-
ments under subsection (b)(2) shall include appropriate provisions barring— 
‘‘(1) the disclosure of information to any 
entity other than the Department or the Federal agency disclosing information in ac-cordance with subsection (b)(1) that can be used to identify specific persons and is rea-sonably believed to be unrelated to a cyber-security risk; and 
‘‘(2) the use of any information to which 
such private entity gains access in accord-ance with this section for any purpose other than to protect Federal agency information and information systems against cybersecu-rity risks or to administer any such contract or other agreement. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—No cause of action shall 
lie against a private entity for assistance provided to the Secretary in accordance with this section and a contract or agreement under subsection (b)(2).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 226 (relating to cybersecu-rity recruitment and retention) the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘Sec. 233. Available protection of Federal 
information systems.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and a Member opposed each 
will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
every day and every hour, hacktivists and state actors are attempting to breach U.S. Government systems. 
This is an ongoing problem I dealt 
with during my time at the CIA, and, since I have left, it has only gotten worse. They are attempting to steal valuable information that could be used against us. 
The EINSTEIN Program is a valuable 
tool that the U.S. Government can de-ploy to respond to and mitigate cyber threats. The EINSTEIN Program was intended to provide DHS a situational awareness snapshot of the health of the Federal Government’s cyberspace. 
Based upon agreements with partici-
pating Federal agencies, DHS installed systems at their Internet access points to collect network flow data. 
EINSTEIN 3A is the third and newest 
version of the program. This groundbreaking technology uses classi-fied and unclassified information to block cyber espionage and attacks. E3A is allowing the Department of Home-land Security to paint a wider and more intelligent picture of the overall cyber threat landscape within the Fed-eral Government, enabling strong cor-relation of events and the ability to provide early warning and greater con-text about emerging risks. Cutting-edge programs such as EIN-
STEIN can serve as a groundbreaking tool to stop criminals, hacktivists, and nation-states from harming the Amer-ican public and government. 
I urge my colleagues to support codi-
fying the E3A program and vote in favor of this amendment. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. HURD of Texas. I yield to the 
gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. I support this amend-
ment, which would authorize and cod-ify the current EINSTEIN Program op-erated in the Department of Homeland Security. 
The EINSTEIN Program, as de-
ployed, makes available the capability to protect Federal agency information and information systems. The Einstein Program includes technologies to diag-nose, detect, prevent, and mitigate cy-bersecurity risks involving Federal in-formation systems. 
I would also like to thank my col-
league and fellow chairman, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , of the Oversight and Gov-
ernment Reform Committee for work-ing with the Committee on Homeland Security on this important issue. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, this amendment would au-thorize the Department of Homeland Security’s program to provide web- based security services to U.S. Federal civilian agencies. 
The program is known as EINSTEIN. 
When fully implemented, it is expected to provide all participating Federal agencies with the ability to know the cyber threats they face and protect their systems from insider and outsider threats. 
To fully implement EINSTEIN to 
protect Federal civilian networks, there are complex interagency privacy and coordination issues that still need to be settled. 
This authorization should help the 
Department of Homeland Security’s ef-forts at closing out those issues as it confers specific statutory authority to the Department to pursue EINSTEIN. 
I support the amendment, and I urge 
my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. ll. SUNSET. 
This Act and the amendments made by 
this Act shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for the oppor-tunity to present this amendment, very similar, Mr. Chairman, to the amendment that I presented yesterday that was approved by a majority of both Republicans and Democrats. It is a 7-year sunset provision to the bill. 
Here again, today, we are dealing 
with two very real and very serious concerns, security of our people and the freedoms and liberties of our peo-ple. We are called upon to do that very often here in Congress. Sometimes, we get those balances exactly right, and sometimes, we don’t. 
Sometimes, we err too much on the 
side of safety and protection and secu-rity to the expense of our individual liberties. Other times, we err on the other side and do not provide the req-uisite level of safety and security that the citizens rightly demand of Con-gress. 
All this bill does is force us to make 
sure that we keep an eye on this piece of legislation to make sure that we got the balance exactly right. I know that many folks will say: Well, you know, Mr. M
ULVANEY , we have the oppor-
tunity at any time to go back in and fix the bill. 
I know that, and we have done that 
from time to time, but, by the same token, this is a very busy place, and a lot of bills tend to fall between the cracks. 
Putting in a hardwired 7-year sunset 
into this piece of legislation will force us not only to keep an eye on this on an ongoing basis, but to come here 7 years from now and make sure that we have done it precisely correctly. 
I think it is the exact right approach. 
In fact, I have often wished that we put sunset provisions, Mr. Chairman, in every single piece of legislation that we have, but we don’t have that oppor-tunity here today. 
We do have the opportunity to put a 
sunset into this very important piece of legislation, and I hope that the House does the same thing today as it did yesterday and approve this amend-ment by an overwhelming margin. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. MULVANEY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. As an advocate for 
civil liberties and privacy rights, I did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.014 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2440 April 23, 2015 
not oppose the inclusion of his amend-
ment here today on the floor, and that was for good reason. 
I believe that we need an open and 
fair debate on this measure, this amendment. We need transparency in the process here on the floor. My com-mittee has undertaken that since day one as we assembled this bill in a bi-partisan fashion. 
While, normally, I do support sunset 
provisions, I think, in this case, sub-mitting a sunset provision to this vital national security program would not be in our best interest. 
I have heard, time and time again, 
from industry and other stakeholders that a sunset would stifle the sharing of this valuable cyber threat informa-tion. It would undermine everything that we are trying to do here today as we try to incentivize participation and investment in this voluntary program. 
While I do have tremendous respect 
for the gentleman and his point of view on this, I will vote ‘‘no’’ and oppose this amendment. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
applaud the chairman for doing some-thing that doesn’t happen nearly enough in this Chamber. He is allowing an amendment to come to the floor that he opposes. 
I think that doesn’t happen nearly 
enough here. I think it speaks volumes to some of the recent steps we have taken to improve Member participa-tion in the process, and I think we will be better as an institution for it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, although I am not in opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I appreciate, as I said, the maker of this amendment. 
Let me be clear, I offered the very 
same amendment in markup. It failed on a party-line vote, and this is democ-racy; but a little thing that concerns me is that, when we went to the Rules Committee, my chairman gave an indi-cation that he really didn’t have a problem with the 7-year sunset. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Will the gentleman 
yield on that point? 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
yield to the gentleman from Texas, my chairman. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Again, I just want to 
clarify what I believe to be the record, and that was I was not opposed to this amendment going to the floor for a full and fair debate. 
I respect the gentleman’s interpreta-
tion of that. I simply was not opposed to this going to the floor, and I think it deserves a full debate, as we saw yes-terday as well. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. 
Thank you. 
Mr. Chairman, I will read for the 
R
ECORD the statement my chairman 
made in Rules. Mr. M CCAULsaid: There is an amendment that has a 7-year 
sunset provision, and I will be honest, I will not oppose that. I think 7 years is ample time to advance those relationships and while, at the same time, giving Congress the authority to reauthorize after a 7-year pe-riod. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Will the gentleman 
yield again? 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I 
yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. I must say that, obvi-
ously, since the time the Rules Com-mittee discharged the amendment, there has been tremendous opposition from industry, which concerns me, about the participation in this program and the success of this program if the sunset provision is allowed to go for-ward, just to clarify my point of view. 
b1045 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, reclaiming my time, I ac-cept the gentleman’s reinterpretation of the statement, and we will go for-ward. 
Let me just say that, yesterday, on a 
7-year sunset on an Intelligence bill, the House resoundingly voted for this very same amendment, 313–110. It is clear that the congressional intent is, within 7 years, that it should have been ample time for this bill to be law and now set a record for us to come back as Members of Congress and do our over-sight responsibility. 
Mr. Chairman, I am in strong support 
of Mr. M
ULVANEY ’s amendment. It is 
common sense. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . HAHN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add the end the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY 
VULNERABILITIES OF UNITED STATES PORTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation of the Senate a report on cybersecurity vulnerabilities for the ten United States ports that the Secretary determines are at greatest risk of a cybersecurity incident and provide recommendations to mitigate such vulnerabilities. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
AHN) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Chairman M CCAULand Ranking Mem-
ber T HOMPSON for allowing me to offer 
this amendment. 
I rise to offer a National Cybersecu-
rity Protection Advancement Act amendment, one to increase cybersecu-rity at our Nation’s most at-risk ports. 
This amendment will direct the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security to submit a report to Congress assessing risks and providing recommendations re-garding cybersecurity at America’s most at-risk ports, such as Los Ange-les, Long Beach, Oakland, New York, Houston. 
According to the American Associa-
tion of Port Authorities, our ports con-tribute $4.6 trillion to the U.S. econ-omy, making their security critical to our Nation. 
In order to remain efficient and glob-
ally competitive, our ports have be-come increasingly reliant on complex computer networks for everyday man-agement. However, The Brookings In-stitution has found that there is a cy-bersecurity gap at our Nation’s ports. Currently, we do not have cybersecu-rity standards for our ports to give Federal agencies the authority to ad-dress cybersecurity issues. 
This is completely unacceptable. The 
threat of cyber attack on the networks that manage the flow of U.S. commerce at our ports is real. 
As the Representative of the Nation’s 
busiest port complex and as cofounder of the Congressional Ports Caucus, I know that a significant disruption at our ports cripples our economy. An es-timated $1 billion a day was lost during the lockout at the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach back in 2002. Imagine the possible damage of a more severe disruption. For example, if our ports were targeted and hacked and unable to operate, it could cost our Nation bil-lions and billions of dollars. 
While the Port of Los Angeles is a 
participant in the FBI’s Cyberhood Watch program and has an award-win-ning cybersecurity operations center, we need to ensure that all of our ports have the same ability to protect them-selves from cyber attacks. This is why I have offered this amendment that ad-dresses the lack of cybersecurity stand-ards and safeguards at our ports. 
We have ignored the cybersecurity of 
the networks managing our ports long enough, and it is pointless and ironic for government to continue awarding funds that are spent on the installation of new technologies if the networks they are on remain vulnerable to cyber attacks. This amendment adds no new cost to this legislation, but it will offer great security to our Nation’s move-ment of goods. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.032 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2441 April 23, 2015 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
support this amendment, which re-quires the Department of Homeland Se-curity to identify and mitigate cyber-security threats to our Nation’s sea-ports. It requires the Secretary to iden-tify the 10 ports with the highest vul-nerability to cybersecurity incidents and to fully evaluate and establish pro-cedures to mitigate relevant cyber vul-nerabilities. 
America’s seaports are critical infra-
structure, and 95 percent of America’s foreign trade travels through these sea-ports. A cybersecurity incident which impacts a major U.S. port could have profound effects on the global econ-omy. The Department of Homeland Se-curity must take immediate, proactive measures to identify and mitigate cy-bersecurity threats in America’s most vulnerable ports. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. HAHN. I thank you for your sup-
port, and I applaud you and the com-mittee for working in this bipartisan manner. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from California (Ms. H
AHN). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. ll. GAO REPORT ON IMPACT PRIVACY AND 
CIVIL LIBERTIES. 
Not later than 60 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate an assessment on the im-pact on privacy and civil liberties limited to the work of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me thank Mr. T HOMPSON and Mr. 
MCCAUL for their leadership and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE and Mr. R ICHMOND for their 
leadership and for the importance of this legislation on the floor today and—this is something that I have often said—for the importance of the Department of Homeland Security’s 
being the front armor, if you will, for domestic security, and this is a very important component of domestic se-curity. 
The Jackson Lee-Polis amendment 
states that not later than 60 months after the date of this act the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate an assess-ment on the impact of privacy and civil liberties, limited to the work of the National Cybersecurity and Commu-nications Integration Center. 
The public benefit of this amendment 
is that it will provide public assurance from a reliable and trustworthy source that their privacy and civil liberties are not being compromised. Whether it is the PATRIOT Act or the USA FREE-DOM Act that is now proposed, the American people understand their se-curity, but they understand their pri-vacy and their civil liberties. The in-tent of this report is to provide Con-gress with information regarding the effectiveness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
We have gone through too much—we 
have been through too much hacking, and we have lost too much personal data from a number of retail entities and elsewhere—for the American peo-ple not to be protected. This amend-ment will result in the sole external re-port on the privacy and civil liberties’ impact of the programs created under this bill. 
I ask that my colleagues support the 
Jackson Lee-Polis amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port this amendment. 
The report required by this amend-
ment would provide a quantifiable tool for the transparency, accountability, and oversight of Americans’ civil lib-erties, and it will address privacy con-cerns. 
Privacy is a hallmark of H.R. 1731, 
and any opportunity to highlight to the American people how well DHS is protecting their civil liberties, while strengthening the cyber resilience of our Federal and non-Federal networks, is a welcome endeavor. 
The report will provide data on how 
well the program is working, and it will potentially identify any areas of improvement, which will further strengthen the robustness of DHS’ cyber information-sharing practices. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the chair 
for his comments. 
Mr. Chairman, privacy is of great 
concern to the American public in a digital economy where personal infor-mation is one of the most valuable as-sets of successful online business. Again, I ask for support of the Jackson Lee-Polis amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I offer my thanks to Chairman 
M
CCAUL, and Ranking Member T HOMPSON for 
their leadership and work on H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advance-ment Act of 2015 to the floor for consideration. 
The bipartisan work done by the House 
Committee on Homeland Security brought be-fore the House this opportunity to defend our Nation against cyber threats. 
I thank Congressman P
OLIS for joining me in 
sponsoring this amendment. 
The Jackson Lee-Polis amendment to H.R. 
1731 is simple and would improve the bill. 
The Jackson Lee-Polis amendment states 
that, not later than 60 months after the date of this act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate an assessment on the impact of privacy and civil liberties limited to the work of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. 
The intent of the report is to provide Con-
gress with information regarding the effective-ness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
This amendment would result in the sole ex-
ternal report on the privacy and civil liberties’ impact of the programs created under this bill. 
Privacy is of great concern to the American 
public in a digital economy where personal in-formation is one of the most valuable assets of successful online businesses. 
Having detailed information on consumers 
allows companies to better tailor services and products to meet the needs of consumers. 
Instead of relying on surveys to try to deter-
mine what consumers want, companies know what they want through their online and in-creasingly offline activities that are recorded and analyzed. 
In 2014, a report on consumers’ views of 
their privacy published by the Pew Center found that a majority of adults surveyed felt that their privacy is being challenged along such core dimensions as the security of their personal information and their ability to retain confidentiality. 
91% of adults in the survey believe that 
consumers have lost control over how per-sonal information is collected and used by companies. 
88% of adults believe that it would be very 
difficult to remove inaccurate information about them online. 
80% of those who use social networking 
sites believe they are concerned about third parties accessing their data. 
70% of social networking site users have 
some concerns about the government access-ing some of the information they share on so-cial networking sites without their knowledge. 
For this reason, the Jackson Lee amend-
ment providing an independent report to the public on how their privacy and civil liberties are treated under the implementation of this bill is important. 
I ask that my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle support this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.035 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2442 April 23, 2015 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY AND 
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may 
consult with sector specific agencies, busi-nesses, and stakeholders to produce and sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report on how best to align federally-funded cybersecu-rity research and development activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties while assuring security and resilience of the Nation’s critical infra-structure, including— 
(1) promoting research and development to 
enable the secure and resilient design and construction of critical infrastructure and more secure accompanying cyber tech-nology; 
(2) enhancing modeling capabilities to de-
termine potential impacts on critical infra-structure of incidents or threat scenarios, and cascading effects on other sectors; and 
(3) facilitating initiatives to incentivize 
cybersecurity investments and the adoption of critical infrastructure design features that strengthen cybersesecurity and resil-ience. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. This is a com-
prehensive approach, Mr. Chairman, to the issue of cybersecurity and national cybersecurity protection. 
The amendment that I am offering 
now states that the Secretary of Home-land Security may consult with sector- specific agencies, businesses, and stakeholders to produce and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate a report on how best to align feder-ally funded cybersecurity research and development activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties while assuring the secu-rity and resilience of the Nation’s crit-ical infrastructure. Again, I can recount the incidences 
that have brought this issue to the at-tention of the American people. Cer-tainly, one of the most striking were the actions of Mr. Snowden’s, so it is important that we develop research that really blocks those who would in-tend to do wrong, or ill, to the Amer-ican people. 
The amendment includes a cyberse-
curity research and development objec-tive to enable the secure and resilient 
design and construction of critical in-frastructure and more secure accom-panying cyber technology. We want it to be impenetrable. We want to have a firewall that stands as a firewall. I be-lieve that we have the capacity to have the R&D to do so. 
The public benefit of this amendment 
is that it will make sure, as innova-tions occur in the private sector that can improve privacy and civil liberties protections, that they will be adopted by DHS for its programs established by this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of 
the Jackson Lee amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I ask 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port this enhancement that allows the Secretary of Homeland Security to consult with stakeholders and to sub-mit a report on how best to align feder-ally funded cybersecurity research and development activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties, while assuring the secu-rity and resilience of the Nation’s crit-ical infrastructure. 
The promotion of research and devel-
opment activities to design resilient critical infrastructure that includes cyber threat infrastructure and that also includes cyber threat consider-ation in its plan is important as we build the fences against the cascading effect of cyber attacks on critical in-frastructures. 
Again, I want to thank the gentle-
woman for bringing this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. Chairman, again, the American 
people deserve the kind of investiga-tory work that results in R&D that provides the kind of armor against the attacks that we have noted are possible and have occurred. With that, I ask for the support of the Jackson Lee amend-ment. 
Mr. Chair, I offer my thanks to Chairman 
M
CCAUL, and Ranking Member T HOMPSON for 
their leadership and work on H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advance-ment Act of 2015. 
This is the final of three Jackson Lee 
amendments offered to this legislation. The Jackson Lee-Polis amendment to H.R. 
1731 is simple and would improve the bill. 
The amendment states that the Secretary of 
Homeland Security may consult with sector- specific agencies, businesses, and stake-holders to produce and submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on how best to align federally funded cybersecurity research and develop-ment activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties, while assur-ing the security and resilience of the Nation’s critical infrastructure. 
The amendment includes a cybersecurity re-
search and development objective to enable the secure and resilient design and construc-tion of critical infrastructure and more secure accompanying cyber technology. 
Finally, this Jackson Lee amendment would 
support investigation into enhanced computer- aided modeling capabilities to determine po-tential impacts on critical infrastructure of inci-dents or threat scenarios and cascading ef-fects on other sectors and facilitating initiatives to incentivize cybersecurity investments and the adoption of critical infrastructure design features that strengthen cybersecurity and re-silience. 
The ability to stay current and at the leading 
edge of innovation in the fast-moving world of computing technology will be a challenge, but one that the Department of Homeland Security can meet. 
The Jackson Lee amendment lays the foun-
dation for an array of collaborative efforts cen-tered on learning as much as possible about critical infrastructure operations and tech-nologies, then using that knowledge to dis-cover how best to defend against cyber-based threats. 
I ask that my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle support this amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 405, noes 8, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 171] 
AYES—405 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen 
Amash Amodei Ashford Babin 
Barletta Barr Barton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.038 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2443 April 23, 2015 
Bass 
Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold 
Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—8 
Boustany 
Brady (TX) Carter (TX) LaMalfa 
Marchant Weber (TX) Westmoreland 
Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—18 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Butterfield Clyburn Davis, Rodney Eshoo Graves (MO) Hastings 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Lipinski Meeks Moore Olson Pallone 
Payne Smith (WA) Speier Trott 
b1130 
Messrs. BUCSHON, POSEY, Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. 
BRIDENSTINE, COFFMAN, TIPTON, CRAWFORD, GIBBS, MILLER of Flor-ida, and GOHMERT changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ARPER ). The 
question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. H ARPER , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-directional sharing of informa-tion related to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 212, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. ISRAEL. I am, in its current 
form, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Chair, I reserve a 
point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will report the motion to 
recommit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Israel moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
1731 to the Committee on Homeland Security with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING CRITICAL INFRASTRUC-
TURE, AMERICAN JOBS, AND HEALTH INFORMATION FROM CYBERATTACKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title II of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 232. PROTECTING CRITICAL INFRASTRUC-
TURE, AMERICAN JOBS, AND HEALTH INFORMATION FROM CYBERATTACKS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall undertake on-going risk- informed outreach, including the provision of technical assistance, to the owners and operators of at-risk critical infrastructure to promote the sharing of cyber threat indica-tors and defensive measures (as such terms are defined in the second section 226 (relat-ing to the National Cybersecurity and Com-munications Integration Center). In carrying out this outreach, the Secretary shall prioritize the protection of at-risk Super-visory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) industrial control systems, which are critical to the operation of the United States economy. 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITIZATION .—In carrying out out-
reach under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall prioritize the pro-tection and welfare of the American people and economy and give special attention to protecting the following: 
‘‘(1) United States critical infrastructure, 
including the electrical grid, nuclear power plants, oil and gas pipelines, financial serv-ices, and transportation systems, from cyberattacks, as attacks on SCADA indus-trial control systems increased by 100 per-cent in 2014 over the previous year. 
‘‘(2) The intellectual property of United 
States corporations, particularly the intel-lectual property of at-risk small and me-dium-sized businesses, in order to maintain United States competitiveness and job 
growth. 
‘‘(3) The privacy and property rights of at- 
risk Americans, including Social Security numbers, dates of birth, and employment in-formation, and health records, insofar as the health records of more than 29,000,000 Ameri-cans were compromised in data breaches be-tween 2010 and 2013, and, in 2015, the informa-tion of 80,000,000 Americans was com-promised by the attack on Anthem Health Insurance.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.021 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2444 April 23, 2015 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 231 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 232. Protecting critical infrastructure, 
American jobs, and health in-formation from cyberattacks.’’. 
Mr. M CCAUL (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, this is a 
final amendment. It will not kill the bill. It will not send the bill back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, D.C. went 
dark. The lights went out, the power stopped near the White House, lights out, no power at the Department of State. Federal agencies were plunged into darkness, small businesses plunged into darkness. Business stopped. The business of government stopped because there was a blackout. 
Now, in this case, Mr. Speaker, this 
loss of energy was because of a blown transformer, and there was no indica-tion that this was a result of a cyber attack on our energy sources or sys-tems. 
There are indications, Mr. Speaker, 
every day, of attempted attacks on our critical energy infrastructure, and this amendment simply strengthens the re-sponse of the Department of Homeland Security to protect our constituents, our government, our infrastructure, and our country from this attack. 
Mr. Speaker, in the first 6 months of 
2012, we know that there was a sus-tained and persistent cyber attack on critical gas pipeline control systems. Now, the good news is that we success-fully defended against those attacks. 
The bad news is, as we all know, the 
very nature of cyber war means that every time you defend against an at-tack, you are transmitting to your attackers what your defenses are. 
The DHS reports that, of roughly 200 
cases of major cyber attacks handled by DHS’ cybersecurity team in 2013, 40 percent were in the energy sector. There have been attacks on super-visory control and data acquisitions, SCADA. Those attacks doubled be-tween 2013 and 2014, so we know these attacks are being attempted. We know how serious it is. 
We learned, 2 weeks ago, what hap-
pens when we plunge into the darkness. We know the economic devastation, the social devastation, the military devastation that will occur when an at-tack is successful, when a cyber attack against our energy systems succeeds. 
We know it is coming, and we cannot 
wait until the day after, when we ask ourselves, in the dark: Why didn’t we do more yesterday? This is like being told that Pearl 
Harbor is coming, that 9/11 is coming, knowing it is coming, and deciding: Are you going to do something about it? Or are you going to continue to bury your head in the sand? 
Now, this amendment is very simple, 
Mr. Speaker. It simply directs the De-partment of Homeland Security to or-ganize a strong, concerted, focused partnership with energy companies throughout this country. Those part-nerships would provide technical as-sistance from DHS to energy compa-nies and information sharing. These partnerships would be focused on crit-ical infrastructure, the electrical grid, oil and gas pipelines, and nuclear power plants. 
Mr. Speaker, what happened in Wash-
ington, D.C., on April 7 of this year can happen in any congressional district in this body. Instead of a blown trans-former, it will be a cyber attack against energy systems in any one of the districts represented here today, Mr. Speaker. 
When that happens, our constituents 
will ask us, from that place in the dark: What did you do to prevent it? And what did you do to protect me from it? 
This vote on this motion to recom-
mit will be your answer. 
Let’s put the protection of our busi-
nesses, our government, our military, and our constituents ahead of partisan-ship and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion to recommit. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I with-
draw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. The gentleman from 
New York is correct regarding the na-ture of the threat. However, the activi-ties he has discussed were authorized by Congress last Congress with a bill that I sponsored. In addition, the bill currently before the House strengthens those provisions. 
This bipartisan bill passed out of 
committee unanimously. This motion is nothing more than an eleventh hour attempt to bring down the bill that we worked so hard on to get to this point where we are today. 
Mr. Speaker, people always ask me 
what keeps me up at night. In addition to the kinetic threats posed by al Qaeda and ISIS, it is a cyber attack against our Nation that concerns me the most. 
This legislation is necessary to pro-
tect Americans. Every day, America is under attack. Our offensive capabili-ties are strong, but our defensive capa-bilities are weak. The attacks on Tar-get and Home Depot stole the personal 
information and credit cards of mil-lions of Americans. 
The cyber breach at Anthem com-
promised the healthcare accounts of 80 million individuals, impacting one out of every four Americans in the most private way. North Korea’s destructive attack on Sony attempted to chill our freedom of speech. Russia and China continue to steal our intellectual prop-erty and conduct espionage against our Nation. 
General Alexander described this as 
‘‘the greatest transfer of wealth in his-tory.’’ 
At the same time, Iran attacks our 
financial sector on a daily basis in re-sponse to the sanctions. We also face a growing threat from cyberterrorists, like the ISIS sympathizers who hacked into USCENTCOM’s social media ac-count. 
Terrorists and state sponsors of ter-
ror, like Iran, want nothing more than to carry out a destructive cyber attack to bring things down in the United States, including our power grids. 
This bill protects our Nation’s net-
works, both public and private, by re-moving legal barriers to the sharing of threat information. 
b1145 
The bill is voluntary. It is both 
proprivacy and prosecurity and has widespread support from industry. It allows us to obtain the keys for infor-mation sharing, to lock the door, and to keep these nation-states and crimi-nals out. We cannot send a signal of weakness to our adversaries. 
Many, Mr. Speaker, refer to the 
threat of a cyber Pearl Harbor. My fa-ther, part of the Greatest Generation, was a bombardier in a B–17 during World War II. He participated in the air campaign in advance of the D-day inva-sion against the Nazis. 
Today a new generation faces dif-
ferent threats to our national security, and we must protect America in this new frontier. We now live in a new threat environment where digital bombs can go undetected and cause massive devastation. This bill will de-fend America from these attacks. 
Inaction today, Mr. Speaker, would 
be nothing short of reckless. It is ur-gent that we pass this bill today, for if Congress fails to act and the United States is attacked, then Congress will have that on its hands. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
the motion to recommit and support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.022 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2445 April 23, 2015 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 238, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 172] 
AYES—180 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Davis, Rodney Eshoo Graves (MO) Hastings 
Kaptur Lipinski Moore Olson Pallone 
Smith (WA) Speier Trott 
b1153 
Mr. RICHMOND changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 355, noes 63, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 173] 
AYES—355 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer 
Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Farr Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.047 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2446 April 23, 2015 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—63 
Amash Bass Becerra Blumenauer Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Capuano Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Conyers Courtney DeLauro DesJarlais Deutch Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Edwards Ellison Esty Fattah 
Fleming Garrett Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Grijalva Guinta Huelskamp Issa Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Labrador Larson (CT) Lee Lieu, Ted Lowenthal Massie McGovern Mooney (WV) Nadler 
Nolan Pingree Pocan Polis Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Serrano Slaughter Takano Tonko Tsongas 
Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Davis, Rodney Eshoo Graves (MO) Hastings 
Kaptur Lipinski Moore Olson Pallone 
Smith (WA) Speier Trott 
b1203 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3 of House Resolution 212, the text of H.R. 1731 was appended to the engrossment of H.R. 1560, and H.R. 1731 was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE 
CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 637 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that I may here-after be considered as the first sponsor of H.R. 637, a bill originally introduced by Representative Schock of Illinois, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO PAY RE-
SPECTS TO THE YOUNG WOMEN WHO DIED SUDDENLY IN SAVAN-NAH, GEORGIA, APRIL 22, 2015 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to pay my respects to the young women who died suddenly in Savannah, Georgia, yesterday. On Wednesday morning just before 6 a.m., three tractor-trailers, two pickup trucks, and two cars were involved in a chain-reaction car accident. 
Abbie Deloach of Savannah, Emily 
Clark of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass of Leesburg, Catherine McKay Pittman of Alpharetta, and Caitlyn Baggett of Millen were killed. 
I ask that a moment of silence be 
given to these young women and their families in the Eagle Nation. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the majority leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , for 
the purpose of inquiring about the schedule of the week to come. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes 
are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morn-ing hour and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. 
In addition, the House will begin the 
annual appropriation process. The House will consider the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs appro-priations bill sponsored by Representa-tive C
HARLIE DENT. This important bill 
provides funding to house and train our military and ensures that we can meet the growing health care needs of our Nation’s veterans. 
The House will also consider the En-
ergy and Water appropriations bill sponsored by Representative M
IKE 
SIMPSON . This bill ensures that we safe-
ly maintain our nuclear weapons stockpile and provide for critical infra-structure projects through the Army Corps of Engineers. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House is 
expected to consider the budget con-ference report. I thank the gentleman. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that information. He indicates that the appropriations process has started. First I want to say, as a Member who served on the Appropriations Com-mittee for 23 years, I always thought we ought to start the appropriations process early, i.e., in May, but starting it, I think, is good news. We have had trouble on both sides getting all 12 ap-propriations bills—it used to be 13—12 appropriations bills done. So I con-gratulate the committee for initiating its work in a timely fashion. 
Hopefully, Mr. Leader, that will lead 
to, hopefully, passing 12 bills in the regular order, which, as I pointed out 
last week with respect to some other legislation, will require the kind of bi-partisanship that we saw displayed ul-timately on the DHS bill, but certainly on the SGR bill, and then this week we had two bills pass with a bipartisan— both sides—majority voting for it. Hopefully, we will be able to do that on the appropriations bill. 
I ask my friend on the MILCON, Mili-
tary Construction bill, VA funding bill and on the Energy and Water bill, does the gentleman expect to follow what the gentleman and his party have indi-cated would be the process for appro-priation bills under an open rule? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
The answer to your question is 
‘‘yes.’’ The gentleman does know, hav-ing been a part for many years of the appropriation process, that this is ac-tually the earliest in the history of Congress we have ever started appro-priations. It is our goal—I know it is your goal as well—to get all bills done through the House in regular order. It is something that we strive towards, and I thank the gentleman for his help. 
Mr. HOYER. I congratulate the gen-
tleman and his party on bringing these bills to the floor early. 
He also says we are going to be con-
sidering a conference report. I don’t ob-viously know what that conference re-port is. The budget itself, though— which of course sets the parameters for the appropriations bills in terms of caps on spending—was, as the gen-tleman knows, not a bipartisan bill. There were party differences on that bill. I would hope that in the con-ference report we can reach an agree-ment. 
My own view is, Mr. Majority Leader, 
that if we stay at sequester levels we will not be able to pass bills and the President will not sign them. The rea-son being that our side, and I think the President, perceives, and many in your party perceive at least as it relates to some aspects of the sequester, that the sequester numbers are not workable. 
As you know, the chairman of the 
Appropriations Committee has called the sequester numbers, which are re-flected in the budget that passed the House, ill-conceived, unworkable, and unrealistic. In that context it will be difficult for us to get, no matter how early we start, these bills completed. I would hope that we could come to-gether at some point in time as was done in Ryan-Murray. I know there are Members on your side, including I think the chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee, who believe that if we don’t come together on an agreed figure that will allow the Appropria-tions Committee to meet its respon-sibilities, then we will have great dif-ficulty getting appropriations bills done. 
I don’t know whether the gentleman 
has any thoughts on that, but if he does, I would be glad to yield to him on that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\H23AP5.REC H23AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2447 April 23, 2015 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. I appreciate his comments, and we will continue to work together to get our appropria-tions process finished. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I 
don’t know whether the gentleman had an opportunity to read an article—it may have been an op-ed, I have got the clip—but I am not sure where it ap-peared in the paper. But the former Speaker, Newt Gingrich, wrote an arti-cle that essentially stood for the propo-sition that Republicans and Democrats about a decade or a little over a decade ago were able to come together and to take advantage of the research oppor-tunities that Speaker Gingrich, former Speaker Gingrich, said were apparent and possible in today’s day. I share that view. 
Many people, including your prede-
cessor, Mr. Cantor, were concerned and have recently said that we need to in-crease substantially the investments and the resources that we have at NIH. Unfortunately, as the gentleman may know, in the allocations to subcommit-tees that were adopted yesterday in the Appropriations Committee, as I under-stand it, there was $3 billion cut from the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, which covers NIH, which will make it very difficult to do what Speaker Gingrich, former Speak-er Gingrich, suggested we do in The New York Times today. 
b1215 
The gentleman, if he hasn’t read the 
article, doesn’t need to comment on it, but I want to call to his attention that we are very concerned, but people on your side and your former Speaker are very concerned that we are not invest-ing sufficient sums to take advantage of the opportunities, and it is costing us. 
He particularly mentioned Alz-
heimer’s and the extraordinary costs related to Alzheimer’s disease and that, if we can either delay the onset of Alzheimer’s or prevent Alzheimer’s, that we will, in effect, save tens of bil-lions of dollars. 
I bring that up simply in the context 
of we really do need to get the re-sources into the Appropriations Com-mittee that Mr. R
OGERS , the chairman 
of the Appropriations Committee, a senior Republican in this House, says are necessary to meet our responsi-bility. 
I would hope that the majority leader 
would be looking at that and would, hopefully, work towards that end. 
Let me ask you two more questions, 
Mr. Leader. The highway bill, as the gentleman knows, expires in terms of its authorization for funding on the 31st of May. It is not on the schedule, obviously, this month, but can the gen-tleman tell me—we are very concerned, and, as you know, every Governor, every county executive, every mayor— you have talked to them; I have talked to them—are very concerned about the resources that they are going to have 
available to do bridges and highways maintenance, infrastructure invest-
ment. 
Can the gentleman tell me when we 
might, in the 2 weeks that we will have in May, be able to consider the high-way bill? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
The gentleman is correct about the 
highway funding. We look forward to making sure we get that done on time in a bipartisan manner. We will be con-tinuing to work with you as we move forward. 
Mr. HOYER. I appreciate the fact 
that we can work on a bipartisan man-ner. I look forward to doing that. I know that Mr. D
EFAZIO looks forward 
to doing that; I know Mr. S HUSTER  
looks forward to doing it—both very, very positive Members of this body. 
I will tell the gentleman, I am some-
what concerned, however, about ru-mors that I have heard that we are looking at, perhaps, a short-term patch. The problem, as the gentleman so well knows, with a short-term patch is it does not allow for the kind of planning that is necessary in terms of significant infrastructure projects, which require some significant lead time. 
Does the gentleman know whether or 
not we might be considering at least a 5-year or at least a longer term, maybe even as long as a 7-year authorization? Or are you contemplating that we, in May, would do another short-term patch? 
As you know, we Democrats opposed 
May 31. We wanted a longer extension. The House and the Senate agreed on a short-term patch—or short-term May 31 deadline. 
Does the gentleman have any expec-
tations that we have the possibility of doing a 5-year or longer, so that the States and communities can plan on a long-term basis, as opposed to a very short-term basis? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
No decisions have been made at this 
point. This could be a prime example, just like our work on SGR. 
As a personal note, I would like to 
solve these problems in the long term. There is no reason to come back to it. 
If we have to get in a situation that 
is short-term, hopefully, that that would be short to fix a long-term, much like the issue that we had with SGR. I am hopeful that we can get that done in a very long-term manner. 
Mr. HOYER. Well, I thank the gen-
tleman for that comment. I think it is a very positive comment. 
I will tell the gentleman, next week, 
perhaps you and I can talk about this towards that end because I think, if we talk about creation of jobs, we talk about giving confidence and stability to the economy, I think that is one way we could do it, and, hopefully, we can work together. The last issue I would bring up, Mr. 
Leader, as you know, I worked with your predecessor, Mr. Cantor, very suc-cessfully on the reauthorization of Ex-port-Import Bank. That issue is com-ing up, and it will be expiring at the end of June, on June 30. We need to re-authorize that. 
I am someone who believes that that 
is critical in terms of our exports. I know there is some disagreement on that issue, maybe between the two of us and between our caucuses; but, as you know, there are 60 Members in your caucus who have written a letter to the Speaker indicating their support and urging that that be brought to the floor. 
Very frankly, with 185-plus Members, 
I think we will be unanimous on it, as we were last time. That makes some-where in the neighborhood of 240 to 250 votes on this floor for the reauthoriza-tion of Export-Import Bank. 
Does the gentleman see any prospect 
of that bill coming to the floor any time in the near future? As I say, as you know, the authorization expires on June 30. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
The gentleman is correct, the author-
ity for the Export-Import Bank does expire at the end of June. 
I know the respect the gentleman 
has, as I do, for regular order and working through committees. The committee of jurisdiction has had a few hearings, and I know they have some hearings scheduled in the future con-tinuing. 
Nothing is scheduled at this point, 
but, if anything comes forward, I will notify. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I will just say this: we know that the 
chairman of the authorizing committee is opposed to Export-Import Bank. He was opposed to TRIA as well. He is op-posed to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. As the gentleman knows, those, never-theless, enjoy broad-based support in this House to a greater or lesser de-gree. 
TRIA, we passed, notwithstanding 
the chairman’s opposition to TRIA, on a bipartisan basis with overwhelming big numbers. I think that was the right thing to do. 
I would urge the majority leader to 
urge the chairman, who I think does not enjoy the support of the majority of this House, on his position. I know you may share that position, but I really do believe the House has a posi-tion that we ought to pass the Export- Import Bank, and we need to do it sooner rather than later, to make sure that we continue the confidence that purchasers of U.S. goods, whether they be airplanes or widgets, will continue to keep doing so with the thought that we have in place what almost every country in the world has in place, a fa-cilitating of that export ability of our country. 
I yield to my friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.051 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2448 April 23, 2015 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I do want to correct one part of his-
tory here. You referred to our chair-man. Our chairman did move a TRIA bill through his committee. We did move it off this floor. The chairman you speak of, Chairman H
ENSARLING , 
managed the bill, got it through the House. We got it over to the Senate, and unfortunately, the Senate didn’t take it up in the last hours, and then we got it done and signed into law this year. 
I believe our chairman works very 
hard on these issues and did an excel-lent job in the TRIA. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I have no disrespect for Mr. H
EN-
SARLING . I think he is a very able Mem-
ber of this body, and I have great re-spect for him. I disagree with him both on the Export-Import Bank, and I think I correctly characterize his view on whether we ought to do TRIA, but I do respect the fact, yes, he did bring it to the floor, and when he brought it to the floor, it passed overwhelmingly. 
I won’t pursue that further, but I 
don’t expect Mr. H
ENSARLING —because 
I think he honestly believes that we ought not to have an Export-Import Bank involvement, but having said that, I think that is not the position of the majority of this House. 
When we last voted on it, it wasn’t 
the position of the majority of your party or of mine. Now, that may have changed; I agree with that, but I think I am pretty confident in saying the ma-jority of this House believes, in order to make sure that we stay competitive with worldwide competitors, that the Export-Import Bank is a critical com-ponent of that competitive ability. I simply hope that we will be considering it. 
If it fails, it fails, but I think the 
American public, on this and so many other issues, deserves a vote on this floor. As the Speaker, and I have re-peated this time and again, said at the beginning in the last election that his objective was to let the House work its will on this matter, as well as some others that I will discuss in the future, I would hope we could do that. 
Unless the gentleman wants any 
more time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, 
APRIL 23, 2015, TO MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 8 p.m. on Monday, April 27, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
ISHOP of Michigan). Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. HOUR OF MEETING ON 
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. on Wednesday, April 29, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
35TH ANNIVERSARY OF IRAN 
MISSION RESCUE 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, since 
1979, the Islamic Republic of Iran has been responsible for the deaths of many, many Americans. 
This Saturday, April 25, 2015, we will 
observe the 35th anniversary on the day on which eight of those Americans gave their last full measure of devotion during a failure to rescue 52 fellow Americans being held hostage by rad-ical extremists in Tehran. 
There is no greater love than to lay down 
one’s life for their friends. 
Since America never forgets, I come 
to the floor today to read their names and to remind us to keep their families in our prayers: Marine Sergeant John Harvey; Marine Corporal George Holmes, Jr.; Marine Staff Sergeant Dewey Johnson; Air Force Major Rich-ard Bakke; Air Force Tech Sergeant Joel Mayo; Air Force Captain Lynn McIntosh; and Air Force Captain Charles McMillan. 
f 
HONORING ISRAEL’S 
INDEPENDENCE 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker and Members, I rise to recog-nize Israel, our partner in peace and prosperity, for its 67 years of independ-ence. 
On April 14, 1948, just hours before 
the British mandate was due to end, Israel’s founding fathers and mothers, led by David Ben-Gurion, declared the birth of the State of Israel in Tel Aviv. 
On that day, 67 years ago, the popu-
lation of Israel was 806,000. Today, 67 years later, after many difficulties and hardships, a strong, resolute Israel has a population of over 8 million. 
Many of the Jews who lived in Israel 
in 1948 were survivors of the Second World War and the Holocaust, which pushed international opinion for the need for a homeland for the Jewish people where they could be free from persecution and free to build a better life. 
Since that fateful day in Tel Aviv, 
Israel and its people have worked tire-lessly to build a thriving democracy that is economically prosperous and at 
peace with neighboring nations. 
The first nation to recognize Israel’s 
independence, I am proud to say, was the United States, when Democratic President Harry Truman welcomed Israel into the community of nations just hours after its declaration. The bonds between our two great nations, bound together by common interests and shared values, have only grown with time. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope, on this joyous 
day, that we reflect on the need to re-double our efforts to bring peace to the region and continue to support our friend and ally in its quest for peace. 
f 
FARC DEMANDS IMMUNITY 
(Mr. CURBELO of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, last week, the Marxist Revolu-tionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, in a direct violation of a cease- fire, attacked a resting army unit in Cauca, killing 11 Colombian soldiers and injuring 20. I mourn with the Co-lombian people for this senseless loss of life. 
Just this past weekend, reports from 
Colombia claim that a naval convoy delivering medical and humanitarian care to remote communities in Colom-bia’s Amazon region twice came under attack by FARC forces. Attacking medical personnel is considered a war crime by international law. 
Colombian President Santos con-
tinues to demonstrate a dangerous na-ivete in his negotiations with the ter-rorist organization. The FARC de-mands immunity and political legit-imacy, but it is not an honest partner in the peace process. 
Immunity for the FARC would con-
stitute an affront to the memory of thousands murdered by that terrorist organization, innocent victims whose spirits demand justice. 
Mr. Speaker, peace is always 
achieved through strength, never through weakness and appeasement. 
f 
b1230 
A NEW TRADE MODEL FOR THE 
AMERICAN PEOPLE 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Congress 
spent this past week trying to fast- track Trade Promotion Authority and the new Trans-Pacific Partnership pro-posal for trade agreements with several nations in the Pacific; but why rush such a significant piece of legislation that cedes Congress’ constitutional au-thority to the executive branch? 
Meanwhile, Prime Minister of Japan 
Shinzo Abe and President Obama are scheduled to meet on April 28 to fur-ther fast-track this agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.053 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2449 April 23, 2015 
Rushing this process is an easy tactic 
to try to silence a reasonable opposi-tion, but, based on our country’s his-tory of making trade deals that drive up our trade deficit and outsource mil-lions of U.S. jobs, the American people should be alarmed. I and many others are sounding that alarm. 
Japan is one of the most significant 
partners in this agreement, and it is the world’s second largest currency manipulator and is one of the leading protectionist markets in the Pacific. They have much to gain from a weak trade agreement. 
Japan is the world’s third largest 
automobile market, but 96 percent of that market belongs only to Japanese automobiles. Since 2000, we have been able to sell 183,000 cars there, but guess how many they sold here—16.3 million. That is 89,000 to 1. 
There is something wrong with try-
ing to work a deal that rewards a coun-try whose markets are closed. We need a new trade model that creates jobs in America again and that does not re-ward currency manipulators and pro-tectionist markets. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD S. POWERS 
(Mr. ROKITA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a significant Hoosier, Mr. Donald S. Powers, who passed away on April 21, 2015. 
I would like to express my gratitude 
for his community service and eco-nomic development efforts in my hometown of Munster, Indiana. Most importantly to me, he was a friend and a mentor who was always ready to pro-vide some guidance. More than that, those who claim northwest Indiana as their home can also rightfully claim the same kind of relationship with Don Powers. 
Mr. Powers proudly fought for our 
Nation during World War II as a Navy fighter pilot and then again in the Ko-rean war. He was a graduate of Indi-ana’s beloved Purdue University where he spent several years as president of the board of trustees. 
Mr. Powers went on to develop much 
of Munster’s residential neighborhoods; and, in 1973, Mr. Powers took part in the creation of Community Hospital, which was voted as one of America’s 50 best hospitals 7 years in a row. In 1989, he developed the Center for the Visual and Performing Arts, home to the Northwest Indiana Symphony Orches-tra and South Shore Arts. 
His efforts in developing Munster led 
to nationwide accolades for the com-munity, even having the town make Forbes Magazine’s 25 top suburbs for retirement. Mr. Powers was highly re-garded in the community and through-out Indiana for his philanthropic and business endeavors. 
Indiana and, indeed, the Nation, Mr. 
Speaker, lost one of its best leaders this week, but his legacy will certainly 
endure in the many lives he positively affected. 
f 
ENLIST ACT 
(Mr. DENHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, this 
afternoon, I, once again, introduced the ENLIST Act. 
The ENLIST Act would give young 
adults who came here through no fault of their own, who have graduated from our high schools, who can pass a back-ground check, who can speak English, and whom the military is asking for to protect and defend the Nation that they know and love the opportunity to actually sign up for the military, to wear the cloth of our Nation, and put their lives on the line. 
At the end of an honorable term, 
they would be eligible for permanent residence in the United States of Amer-ica. 
This is an act of patriotism. This is 
an opportunity to create a greater na-tional defense and an opportunity for those kids who know of no other coun-try to call home to actually pledge al-legiance and be patriots of this great Nation. 
f 
FAST TRACK AND MARRIAGE 
EQUALITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, in just a few months in Wash-ington, I have learned that there is al-ways something going on, and this week is no exception to that rule. In the coming days, two very important actions may change life for many of my constituents and Americans across the country. 
Last week, the chairman of the Ways 
and Means Committee, Mr. R
YAN, in-
troduced the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, legislation that would allow the President to negotiate and to sign trade agreements with limited congressional oversight. The Com-mittee on Ways and Means has re-ported that legislation out, and I imag-ine we will be considering it on the floor in short order. Next week, the U.S. Supreme Court 
will hear arguments in Obergefell v. Hodges, which is a case that has the potential to decide once and for all whether every American, regardless of sexual orientation, should have the right to marry and should have access to all of the legal rights and benefits we afford married couples. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I 
plan to address both of these important issues on the floor of the people’s House this afternoon. I want to start by talking about the legislation that was reported out by the Ways and Means Committee this week. 
If Congress authorizes TPA’s fast- 
track authority, this President and every President elected after him will have the unprecedented authority to negotiate and sign sweeping trade agreements with little opportunity for Congress to intercede on behalf of the many Americans those deals inevitably impact. 
In the past, those agreements haven’t 
turned out great for American workers here at home, which is all the more im-portant reason that Congress should be able to retain the ability to fight for what is in the best interests of our con-stituents. After 6 years of secretive ne-gotiations for the Trans-Pacific Part-nership agreement, we haven’t been given much motivation to release any of this oversight. 
Offering fast-track authority for the 
TPP means that we press fast-forward on policies that put American families’ health at risk on policies that are chal-lenging our chemical safeguards, on policies allowing unregulated and po-tentially contaminated food products into the United States. 
We lose our chance to question poli-
cies that would allow foreign corpora-tions to skirt our courts and demand taxpayer compensation when they feel they have been violated by U.S. laws. 
Our constituents are relying on us to 
stand up for their interests on TPP and on every future trade agreement to come down the line. We cannot pass the buck on this, and I know that our first speaker today agrees with me. 
I want to talk a little bit about the 
State of New Jersey because the State of New Jersey has seen what can hap-pen when trade deals go bad: factories close, employees are laid off, and cities that have previously made things that have been bought by consumers around the world are suddenly faced with stunted economies and surges in unem-ployment. 
My capital district—‘‘Trenton 
makes, the World Takes’’—is an illus-tration of what was a great economy in that locale. That is why it is so impor-tant that this body ensures we only sign these agreements when we are sure they will help, not hurt, working families. 
I yield now to another Member who 
is deeply familiar with the issues in New Jersey, my friend and my fellow freshman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.055 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2450 April 23, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition of what is being called fast-track authority. 
The legislation would allow a deal, a 
deal that, regardless of its impact on American jobs, would go into effect with just a simple up-or-down vote. We have no other avenue for input, and I think we are seriously misguided. The best indication of that is history, where we have been. 
I started my career as an electrician, 
working up and down the Delaware River, in different plants that manu-factured products for not only the United States, but around the world. Now, I go through what is now my con-gressional district, and I can see the empty boxes which used to be manufac-turing, which used to put men and women to work. 
Since NAFTA, I have been involved 
in trying to educate the people of not only my area, but, certainly, of the rest of the country, that this is seri-ously misguided and that the rhetoric that we heard at the time ended up being the exact opposite. 
In my district alone, there have been 
19,500 jobs lost and 59 employers who are no longer there. Those empty build-ings that we used to call home, that used to pay for college educations, those are dreams erased. I was sent to Congress to create a climate for jobs here in America, and that is my focus. That is why I am so passionate about this issue. 
When we look around the country, we 
are just now coming out of the worst economic times since I have been alive—the worst times. Now, what we are seeing and what we are being asked to do is to grant authority to take those jobs—the ones that will take care of our families—and ship them over-seas. 
They did it before, and it is going to 
happen again. Our job is to help create 
jobs here in America for all of the peo-ple, not just for the few who make and own the companies. 
I urge my colleagues in the strongest 
way I can to say ‘‘no’’ to fast track and to say ‘‘yes’’ to American jobs. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentleman from New Jersey for his remarks. 
Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, our 
constituents are really relying upon us here to stand up for their interests on TPP because every future trade agree-ment that comes down the line has an impact on our quality of life and on our opportunities. 
I know that the speaker that we are 
getting ready to hear from knows very well how this trade agreement and how these negotiations are going to impact the communities and the economy of our United States of America. It is my honor to yield to someone who has been fighting furiously for her con-stituents, who has been adamant about giving a voice to the voiceless, and who has been educating our Caucus on a routine basis. 
I yield now to the gentlewoman from 
Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). Ms. D ELAURO. Let me say thank you 
to my colleague from New Jersey. I ap-preciate her kind words, but it is also true that she has been a strong, strong supporter of what this trade agreement might do to working families in the United States because where her heart and soul and where her values are, are going to strengthen the middle class in this country, not take the jobs away, not lower their wages, but make sure they can take care of themselves and their families. 
I was so pleased to see another col-
league from New Jersey here as well, and I am proud to join this effort. 
b1245 
On Monday, the beginning of this 
week, I went to Ansonia, Connecticut, which is in my district. I went to a place called the Ansonia Copper and Brass Company. There I was with the gentleman, John Barto, who was for-merly the vice president of Ansonia Copper and Brass. John used to work there alongside of hundreds of others. He made specialty metal products, products that were used by U.S. indus-try and our military. Not so long ago the company employed thousands. Today this site lies vacant. All of those jobs have gone. What closed this plant? Unfair competition from overseas, ex-acerbated by bad trade deals. 
Just don’t listen to me on this. These 
are the words of a gentleman that I stood with in a hollowed-out building where the rain was coming through the roof on Monday because it is vacant and it is becoming just derelict. They are now taking the steel out of there to see what they can do to sell it in order to see what kind of revenue can be raised. 
This is what he says: ‘‘These trade 
agreements are always promised to bring money and jobs and prosperity to our country, but they’ve done the exact opposite. We were a supplier to the United States Navy for over 70 years for a very critical part. Now that part is no longer made in this country, and that’s terrible.’’ 
Further: ‘‘I think we already know 
that this is going to be like NAFTA (the North American Free Trade Agree-ment). There’s something undeniably suspicious about an agreement when you’re not able to see it’’—to read it, to understand what is in it. 
Finally, I will just say that his words 
and he did strike a chord when he talked about: 
We’ve long understood that currency ma-
nipulation is the driving force behind jobs existing in this country. It hasn’t changed. That’s an issue. We talk about NAFTA, we talk about CAFTA, most recently the Korea free trade agreement, and they are going to change things, bring jobs, help manufac-turing. It has done nothing short of the exact opposite. I am living, breathing proof . . . This was a vibrant company. There were 300 people-plus working here . . . Now there are zero jobs, zero revenues . . . Hundreds upon hundreds of employees, thousands worked here over time . . . generations of families were supported by this company, and it’s with great sadness that we find ourselves here today. The fact is the enemy is our-
selves . . . We have got to get our Senators and all of our elected representatives to un-derstand what we’re up against is currency manipulation. I don’t for a second believe that we need to take this deal, negotiate it in the back room. Our elected officials can-not see it. That squashes democracy. It reeks of impropriety. What is going on here where we cannot see this agreement? 
These are not my words. I didn’t 
work at Ansonia Copper and Brass. But today, John Barto, a former vice presi-dent, is trying to find another job for 
himself and for his family. That is the story that this free trade agreement is all about. 
What has gone on here and what is 
happening in our manufacturing sector is that problems are leaving people struggling to find middle class jobs. American manufacturing jobs are being lost; foreign products are being sub-sidized, and those are coming in, and it is about these bad trade agreements. 
The United States is poised to sign 
the biggest trade agreement of them all, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and it is a very dangerous prospect for our economy, for our working families. It forces Americans to compete with low- paid workers in developing countries like Vietnam, where the minimum wage is 56 cents an hour. It hazards the health of our families by opening up our borders still wider to dangerous, unregulated food, toxic seafood from Malaysia and from Vietnam. It empow-ers foreign companies to challenge all kinds of U.S. laws, without ever step-ping foot inside an American court-room. It promotes corporate special in-terests. It relegates labor rights and environmental protections to the side-lines. It does nothing to confront the currency cheats whose abuses have al-ready cost Connecticut over 32,000 jobs. 
Now the administration wants us to 
give it a rubberstamp to say: You go ahead and complete the negotiations that they have been engaged in for the last 5 years without any congressional input so that they can complete the deal without us knowing what is in this Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. 
What is fast track? What does it 
mean? No public scrutiny; limited de-bate in the House of Representatives; and no ability by Members of Congress, who have the constitutional authority to review free trade agreements, it gives us no opportunity to amend the process. If we wanted to change it, we can’t change it once you have given fast track. 
We have been here before. The ad-
ministration sought fast-track author-ity last year. It failed. They produced another bill that came out of a com-mittee in the United States Senate; and in the House it is exactly the same, almost exactly the same as it was last year. Our view is it is dead on arrival this time as well. 
On that issue of currency which Mr. 
Barto spoke so poignantly about, which, currency manipulation, when a country devalues its currency, it makes their goods cheaper than our goods. The administration has refused 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.056 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2451 April 23, 2015 
to put a currency chapter in the free 
trade agreement, and they have said that. They wrote a letter to the United States Senators. That is the biggest link in losing jobs and depressing wages. 
I will finish up on this. What is the 
economic challenge that we face today? People in our country are in jobs that just don’t pay them enough money to pay their bills. Middle class families are struggling. Wages are stagnant today. Why would we want to support a free trade agreement that will only exacerbate this problem? It will not create jobs and, further, it will depress wages. 
We counter, say ‘‘no’’ to fast track 
and that we are not going to stand by. We are going to exercise our constitu-tional authority as Members of the House of Representatives. Read this piece of legislation, and it has to re-flect not our ideas, but what our con-stituents believe is the right thing to do on their behalf. 
I can’t thank you enough for orga-
nizing this effort today. You can be sure that every single day we are going to be up on our feet and finding the votes to say ‘‘no’’ to fast track and ‘‘yes’’ to the American people and to working families in this country. I thank the gentlelady. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlelady for having taken this issue and just gone forward with it and having been such an educator of us, of the ones that are new and the ones that have been here and that have taken the time to really speak to the constitu-ents about the impact of this trade agreement and the potential that it has a negative impact on our economy, our safety, our security, our worker protections. I thank you very much. 
I think it is quite illuminating for 
people to understand that no one is op-posed to trade. We are just opposed to unequal trade. No one is opposed to ex-porting or importing. We are opposed to not knowing what is in this trade agreement. We are opposed to not hav-ing a say in this trade agreement, and we are opposed to anything that cre-ates greater unequal opportunities for the workers of this country to have de-cent jobs and good wages that are being paid. So I thank you very much. 
The notion of giving this President, 
whom we love, and any President that we are going to love in the future the authority to do that without our in-volvement is not what was expected by creating these three coequal branches of government. 
As I said to you in the beginning, 
there are two very important issues that our constituents are concerned about, Mr. Speaker, that we are going to speak out today because they are oc-cupying the minds of many of our col-leagues over the next few weeks. It is not only this major issue that will be on the minds of American people, but next week, just next week, the U.S. Su-preme Court will take up a case that has the potential to fulfill the prin-ciples of equality and justice that this 
country stands for. When the court hears arguments in this case, they will have the opportunity to ensure that every American, regardless of whom they love, has access to the legal rights and benefits we give on the Federal and State level to married couples. 
More than 60 percent of Americans 
already agree that same-sex couples deserve the same recognition that we give heterosexual couples; and just as public opposition has crumbled, so have many of the arguments we have made against giving these couples the same protections we give their hetero-sexual peers. I am proud to be a mem-ber of the LGBT Caucus and to join my colleagues today on the floor this evening as we urge the court to rule in support of equal rights and in favor of marriage equality. 
It is my pleasure now to yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), a leader in the fight for mar-
riage equality and equality in general for all people. I now ask Mr. T
AKANO  
from the great State of California to share his remarks with us. 
Mr. TAKANO. Well, I thank the gen-
tlelady from New Jersey for yielding to me during this Special Order, and I want to give time for us to get set up with our graphics. 
Mr. Speaker, our Nation is on the 
cusp of correcting a longstanding injus-tice, an injustice that has been embed-ded into our national psyche and, frankly, our laws for more than 200 years. It is an injustice that says LGBT Americans shouldn’t receive the same rights as everyone else. It is an injus-tice that the law in many States still says it doesn’t matter how committed LGBT relationships are or how much in love they are. It is an injustice in the law that says LGBT Americans cannot and should not be able to get married. 
The law could not be more wrong, 
Mr. Speaker. Our Constitution says that no person shall be denied equal protection of the laws, and that should include LGBT Americans. To say that it doesn’t matter how committed same- sex relationships are is an insult to the thousands of same-sex relationships that have been going strong for 30, 40, even 50 years. Gender and sexual ori-entation should not matter when it comes to the right to marry. What should matter is what is in one’s heart. 
Now the Supreme Court can correct 
this injustice next week, as it is set to hear oral arguments in a case that could make marriage equality the law of the land. Now, I have never been one to count my chickens before they hatch, but I believe that the Supreme Court will rule on the right side of his-tory. 
Our Nation has been moving toward 
marriage equality at a breakneck speed. Ten years ago, only one State had marriage equality; and as you can 
see here, things have changed, as 36 States and the District of Columbia now have marriage equality. 
As we prepare for the Court’s ruling, 
let us not forget that there are more battles to be fought. As it stands in 28 
States, someone can be fired because of their sexual orientation or gender iden-tity. This puts individuals who live in certain States in a difficult position. I just want to take a moment to point out, this here is a map of where those 28 States are in our country with em-ployment discrimination in the United States. 
I want to tell you the story of Lonnie 
Billard of South Carolina, a high school teacher for more than a decade. Lonnie couldn’t wait to marry his long-time partner when marriage equality came to South Carolina in late 2014. Like so many Americans do, he posted the news of his marriage on Facebook. 
b1300 
Several days later, he received a call 
from his assistant principal, and he was fired from his job. 
Marriage equality is coming, Mr. 
Speaker, but what does it say about our Nation when people cannot share the happiest day of their life for fear of losing their job? 
For Americans who live in States 
with marriage equality and legalized discrimination, we are telling them that they can have the same rights as everyone else, but it is best that they don’t tell anyone about it. 
What we have is an incomplete 
patchwork map of rights for LGBT Americans. If you look at the marriage equality map, there are 36 States with marriage equality. But if you look at the employment discrimination map, LGBT Americans can be fired in 28 States simply for being who they are. 
That means that in 14 States—like 
Indiana, Alabama, and Pennsylvania— an LGBT American can get married to their partner, but then get fired be-cause of it. 
That is not what our Nation is about. 
Every American is granted a certain set of rights, and they should be able to exercise them as freely and openly as they wish. 
Our Nation is becoming a more per-
fect Union. But until we recognize that LGBT Americans are entitled to all of the same rights and protections as any-one else, full legal equality for LGBT Americans will be incomplete. 
There will be a day when both of 
these maps are combined and show that LGBT Americans are receiving full and equal protection under the law. Until then, we fail to live up to our own Constitution. But even when we reach full legal equality, it may take years until we receive equality in the hearts of all Americans. 
I know I will continue the fight for 
equality in the hearts of all Americans, and I know the gentlewoman from New Jersey will fight as well. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Thank 
you very much to the gentleman from California. 
I have to tell you that I am very 
happy to be able to work with you on this issue. As a State legislator, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.057 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2452 April 23, 2015 
was important to us in the State of 
New Jersey. And as we grappled with all kinds of configurations of equality in relationships, we recognized that ev-erything but absolute marriage equal-ity was giving individuals stumbling blocks over very important things like simply being able to visit your loved one in the hospital and making med-ical decisions for them, or being able to enjoy the financial rights that a het-erosexual couple can enjoy. 
Any area in which there is inequality 
is a threatened area to every one of us who at one point has been discrimi-nated against or has been identified as part of a protected class. 
So I thank you for the work that you 
are doing here, and I am your partner in this effort. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
our leader in our Caucus on this and so many other issues, a person who stands up each and every day for the rights of the citizens of this great country. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank Congresswoman 
C
OLEMAN for yielding time, and I thank 
her for organizing this Special Order and for her leadership on this issue. She is a new Member, but not a new person to public service, not a new per-son to leadership, not a new person to fighting for the rights of every Amer-ican, and I thank her very much for her leadership, her commitment, and her courage. 
I also want to thank, Mr. Speaker, 
the LGBT Equality Caucus for its pow-erful advocacy on this issue. 
The Supreme Court next week is 
hearing more than just an argument about same sex marriage. It is consid-ering a question fundamental to what it means to be an American. 
Our Nation, as we say so proudly, was 
founded on the premise that all people are created equal—not the same, but equal—irrespective of the differences. Our Declaration of Independence, as all of us quote so often, says: 
‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evi-
dent, that all men’’—of course, if Jef-ferson were writing today, it would be either all people or all humankind— ‘‘are created equal, that they are en-dowed by’’—not a Congress, not by a Constitution, not by a will of the ma-jority—‘‘their Creator’’—by God— ‘‘with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ 
That, of course, has not always been 
America’s performance, notwith-standing it has been its promise. 
Next week, the highest Court in our 
land will be asked to consider whether these words apply to same-sex couples who love one another. Many courts have already said that it does. 
Marriage equality provides same-sex 
households vital legal protections and economic security that we would ask for ourselves. Marriage equality would mean that approximately 250,000 chil-dren in America who are being raised in same-sex households will see their parents receive equal treatment. One of those families is led by—or 
perhaps his partner would say he leads it—S
EANPATRICK MALONEY , with three 
beautiful, loving and loved children. I have seen them all together. They are a happy, healthy family. 
Study after study has shown that 
children of same-sex households are doing as well as their peers from oppo-site sex households academically, psy-chologically, and socially. 
Marriage equality also means spousal 
benefits for those who share their lives with and care for their same-sex part-ners. Marriage equality will mean that same-sex couples, Mr. Speaker, can make medical and end-of-life decisions for their loved one. 
These are tangible benefits. These, I 
would suggest to you, Mr. Speaker, are the pursuit of happiness. They are tan-gible benefits and ought to be treated equally under the law in every State of our Union—not in 28, not in 48, but in all 50 and the District of Columbia. 
Thanks to the extraordinary courage 
of millions who have come out to their friends and families, which took a lot of courage, and spoken with their neighbors and coworkers, a majority of Americans now agree that every loving couple ought to be treated equally and have their right to marry recognized. 
I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, I have 
three daughters. I have three grand-children. One of my grandchildren is an adult. All four of those women would say to me: Dad, why is it any of our business who somebody else loves, who somebody else wants to commit to? Why is that our business? Why does it make a difference to us? 
What makes a difference to us is how 
they treat us, whether they obey the law, whether, as Dr. Martin Luther King would say, the content of their character is such that we ought to re-spect them, not because of the dif-ference of the color of their skin, their gender, their nationality, their reli-gion, or their choice of whom they want to love. 
Born equal, endowed by God with cer-
tain unalienable rights, and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Is there a happier time in one’s life than when one pledges them-selves to another? We all gather, we all celebrate, we all wish them well. 
LGBT Americans now have the right 
to marry and have their families treat-ed equally in 37 States and the District of Columbia. In the remaining States, however, LGBT residents are watching the Supreme Court with great anticipa-tion. 
Hopefully, the Court will do as Earl 
Warren’s Court did in Brown v. Board of Education, saying that separate is not equal. Treating people here dif-ferently than people here—who love one another—is not equal. 
Tens of millions of Americans stand 
with our friends in the LGBT commu-nity in support of marriage equality and believe, as I do, in a ruling in sup-port of the lower courts that have again and again sided with same-sex couples and have said that the law re-
quires, the Constitution requires, that we do in fact live out our promise of treatment on an equal basis. 
We need to bring those words of the 
Declaration of Independence closer to their full realization, Mr. Speaker. Hopefully, the Court will do that. 
Mr. Speaker, I am from the State of 
Maryland. I was proud to join in send-ing an amicus brief to the Court in 
March, arguing that the State bans are unconstitutional. 
In my State of Maryland, our legisla-
ture carried out what M
RS. COLEMAN  
and I have said: equality means equal-ity. We passed marriage equality. 
Mr. Speaker, some folks didn’t agree 
with that and petitioned it to a ref-erendum. I am very proud of the citi-zens of Maryland. They were the first State to say in a referendum at the polls, We believe equality means equal-ity, and passed this resolution and con-firmed that law. 
I thank the gentlewoman from New 
Jersey, a leader in that State, a leader in our Nation, for leading this Special Order hour. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope we will be able to 
return to this floor over the summer to praise a ruling by the Court that I an-ticipate will be historic and accurate and one that our Nation can be proud of for generations, indeed, centuries to come. 
Our Nation made a promise in our 
Declaration of Independence. Our Na-tion has not always met that promise. Indeed, we have struggled to realize the reality of that promise. 
In my lifetime, Martin Luther King, 
Jr., brought that compellingly to America’s attention. In his lifetime, the President whom the majority lead-er in this House just last week heralded as one of the great figures, great giants in American history, Abraham Lincoln, called the attention of his generation to the gulf between the promise and the practice in America. 
It resulted in a war in which we lost 
more lives in America than any other war in which we have been involved: the Civil War. It is sad that we had to fight. It is sad that we lost lives. But we have redeemed, to some degree, the promise of treating people based upon the content of their character. 
b1315 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentleman from Maryland, and I appreciate the passions with which you have taken on this issue of right and wrong and equality, as you have taken on other issues. Thank you for you leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that these may 
seem to have been very diverse issues to bring before the floor at the same time, but they are connected in so many different ways, particularly be-cause our constituents care deeply about both of these issues. 
If we allow the fast-track authority 
to move forward, we risk signing up for a trade deal that risks our environ-ment, the health of American families, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.059 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2453 April 23, 2015 
while excusing the reprehensible con-
duct of many of the governments who would become our new partners, all while putting in the same compromise for future agreements. 
Meanwhile, if the Supreme Court up-
holds the tenets of justice and equality that our Nation has always valued, LGBT couples across the country will gain the access to the same rights and protections that heterosexual couples expect and enjoy, and the children of those couples will have the confidence and the security of their family’s rela-tionship. I look forward to continuing my work with that. 
Mr. Speaker, how much time do we 
have left? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman has 19 minutes remaining. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONOR THEIR MEMORY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. S
ARBANES ) is recognized for 
the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, on 
April 24, the arc of the moral universe will intersect with the 100th anniver-sary of the Armenian genocide. Many will bear witness to that intersection, but sadly, official recognition of the genocide by the United States Govern-ment will be conspicuously absent. 
Let us review the facts. In 1915, more 
than 1.5 million Armenians were sys-tematically annihilated by Ottoman- era Turkish authorities. Men, women, and children were massacred, deported, and condemned to death marches into the Syrian Desert, where they died of thirst and starvation—no final rights, no burial, an assault on the dignity of a dignified and proud people. 
This indisputable tragedy of history 
has been acknowledged by innumerable scholars and historians, including the International Association of Genocide Scholars, the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity, and no less than 53 Nobel laureates. The European Par-liament and Pope Francis recently joined the chorus that honestly labels this horrific chapter of Turkey’s his-tory a genocide. 
Hopelessly infected by the disease of 
denial, modern-day Turkish authorities have now made it clear they were never going to acknowledge the 100th anni-versary of the genocide with anything approaching candor, honesty, or the most minimal degree of self-reflection. 
It heaps insult upon injury that they 
have chosen the genocide anniversary of April 24 to commemorate something wholly different, the 100th anniversary of the landing of British imperial forces at Gallipoli, a landing that actu-ally occurred the next day, on April 25, 1915. 
Turkey’s treatment of the Armenian 
genocide is no surprise. It is a condi-tioned reflex that has been codified 
into the laws of the state. In Turkey, anyone who uses the word ‘‘genocide’’ to describe the massacre of the Arme-nians is subject to criminal punish-ment under article 301 of the Turkish penal code. 
Obviously, we should have dramati-
cally higher expectations for our own country. That is the reason that, as a Member of Congress who has long sup-ported a resolution to recognize the Ar-menian genocide, I have dreaded the prospect that the 100th anniversary would come and go without official rec-ognition from either the United States Congress or the President of the United States. 
I share the deep disappointment and 
sense of betrayal felt by the Armenian people and all who support their cause. It is lamentable that, on Capitol Hill, advocacy for recognition is being un-dermined every day by Turkey’s in-tense lobbying campaign to block pas-sage of the Armenian genocide resolu-tion. 
In the face of this, it is easy to be 
cynical and angry, but we should re-mind ourselves and be inspired that, on April 24, hundreds of thousands of Americans will defy the lack of official recognition with their own personal and heartfelt acknowledgment of the Armenian genocide. 
In Turkey, there are brave citizens 
who, at great personal risk, condemn state authorities for their tragic si-lence. Ultimately, the voices of indi-vidual citizens have a special power to move the heart, in this instance, to bless the unmarked graves of 1.5 mil-lion Armenians whose own voices and spirits were trampled into the ground 100 years ago. 
This year, I will resist the tempta-
tion to mark the anniversary of the Ar-menian genocide with anger and frus-tration at the lack of official recogni-tion from those who should know bet-ter; rather, I will draw strength from the conviction that the arc of the moral universe will ultimately bend to-ward justice, toward the eternal mem-ory of those who perished in this unde-niable tragedy of history. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
STOP THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. B
UCK) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
ORDAN ). 
Mr. JORDAN. I thank the gentleman 
for this Special Order on an important subject, the Export-Import Bank. I was just going to start with retelling a story I told at an event not too long ago that I think is important. 
The scenario that is going to play 
out, I think, all across the country later this afternoon, there is going to be a guy who works second shift at the 
local manufacturing facility. He is going to go out, get in his truck to drive to work. 
Now, remember, he is working second 
shift, which means he has got to miss some of his kids’ Little League games, miss some of his children’s afterschool activities. 
He goes out to get in his truck to go 
to work, and he looks a couple of houses down, and he sees a guy sitting on the front porch, drinking a cup of coffee, reading the newspaper. He knows the guy can work, but won’t work, and is getting his tax dollars. 
He gets in his truck to drive to work, 
and he happens to turn the radio on. It happens to be the news hour. A re-porter comes on and talks about the Federal Government’s got an $18 tril-lion national debt. 
They have got this program that 
gives money to favored and connected corporations. One of these companies went bankrupt and cost the taxpayers a ton of money. 
He hears all that, and he remembers 
what he saw on the front porch of his neighbor’s house. Guess what, this guy is ticked off, and he has every right to be. 
At the same time he is driving to 
work, there is a lady driving home from work. She teaches second grade at the local elementary school, and she has busted her tail all day long helping her students. 
She views her job as a teacher as a 
mission field, trying to help her stu-dents get the skill set they need to start on their path to achieving the American Dream. She has worked hard all day long. 
She is driving home, happens to have 
her radio on, happens to be tuned in to the same station where the same re-porter comes on and talks about the Federal Government with an $18 tril-lion national debt, this program that gives money to favored corporations, connected corporations. This one com-pany went bankrupt, cost the tax-payers millions of dollars. 
She hears all that as she pulls into 
her driveway on the same street, sees the same guy sitting on his front porch, drinking coffee, reading the paper. She knows he can work but won’t work, and he is getting her tax dollars. Guess what, she is just as mad as the second-shift worker, and she has every right to be. 
Now, our job, as Members of Con-
gress, is to remember people like the second-grade teacher and the second- shift worker and fight for things they care about. Here is one: they care about this concept that goes on in this town, where connected companies get special deals with their tax money, and they want that to stop. 
We now have a chance to do that, to 
start the process of stopping the cor-porate welfare, and that is what Mr. B
UCK’s Special Order hour is all about, 
stopping the Export-Import Bank from continuing the corporate connected-ness, the corporate cronyism, and the corporate welfare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.061 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2454 April 23, 2015 
Our job is real simple. All we have to 
do is nothing, something Congress is usually pretty good at doing. All we have to do is not reauthorize this Bank, which loans out billions of tax-payer dollars, puts billions of taxpayer dollars at risk, and helps connected corporate entities who got every lob-byist in this town hired to fight for their cause, at the expense of second- grade teachers and second-shift work-ers. 
Let’s not reauthorize this thing. 
Let’s show those people we are actually fighting for them. Then once we do that, then we can actually also get into the social safety net, reform that, re-quire work for able-bodied adults, treat taxpayers with respect, help people trapped in our social safety net system get to a better life. 
We can reform it all, but let’s start 
with those connected companies with the high-paid lobbyists getting the spe-cial deals. 
One other thing I will add before 
turning it back over to the gentleman from Colorado, who is doing such a great job on this issue, and my good friend from Virginia, who is going to speak as well on this issue and doing a great job, this thing is not only bad be-cause it loans out money, puts tax-payer money at risk, it is corrupt. 
Just last week, Mr. Gutierrez, a long- 
term employee at the Ex-Im Bank, was indicted on bribery and fraud charges, bribery and fraud charges that go clear back to 2006. 
For 7 years, he was scamming people, 
taking taxpayer money, helping him-self, taking bribes from companies ben-efiting from the Export-Import Bank. 
Last week, at the first hearing we 
have had on this issue this Congress, we had the inspector general at the Ex-port-Import Bank say this—and I will close here. He said there may be more indictments in the Gutierrez case. More importantly, he said there may be indictments in the 31—that is right—31 open fraud investigations that the Ex-Im Bank and the Depart-ment of Justice are currently inves-tigating. 
Now, if that is not enough reason to 
get rid of this thing, I don’t know what is. It puts taxpayer money at risk—cor-ruption, fraud, 31 open fraud investiga-tion cases. Everyone knows it is bad. 
All Congress has to do to end it is not 
a darn thing. For goodness sake, maybe even Congress can accomplish that. 
Mr. BUCK. I thank the gentleman 
from Ohio, and I yield to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT). 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, it is an 
honor to follow my fellow Congressman from the great State of Ohio and follow our leader, K
ENBUCK. 
I am an economist who has been 
working on international trade policy and economics for more than two dec-ades. I support free trade and equal treatment under the law. I oppose spe-cial privileges. 
Everyone likes free money, and that 
gets to the crux of this issue, and I want to go real slowly over this issue 
because everyone knows there is no such thing as free money or a free lunch. Every economics student learns that in their first course in economics. 
Let’s just be real clear on that one 
point and take our time. If you get free money, right, if a corporation gets free money or you get free money, that is good for you, and you are going to hear a lot of people up here saying: Hey, this hurts business, this hurts my company because I am getting free money. 
The flip side of that free money is 
someone is paying the tab for that. Guess who that is, that is you. That is the public. That is the taxpayer. You are footing the bill for this free money that falls out of heaven up here, work-ing through special interests and cor-porate cronies. 
b1330 
The Export-Import Bank provides 
cheap, below-market credit to certain exporters. ‘‘Below market,’’ that means the market system is not work-ing, and something has jumped in to distort free markets. Below market is just a fancy way of saying ‘‘disguised subsidies.’’ 
Subsidized exporters and their for-
eign customers like the goodies. For example, Boeing and its airline cus-tomers in the United Arab Emirates, India, South Korea, Chile, China, Ethi-opia, and Turkey, among others, appre-ciate U.S. taxpayers helping to sub-sidize their planes, or any other good you want to name. 
So at first, the Export-Import Bank 
just looks like a bank that is helping our firms export. But then go and look at the size and the bottom line of the foreign firms who are offering these products more cheaply to their cus-tomers, the folks we export to. That is the issue. 
Banks in this country also like this 
program since they get lighter regula-tion on U.S. Government-backed loans and related products. That is a good thing. But, again, the backstop is you, the taxpayer. If this system ever fails— and we have just seen failure of a mas-sive order with the financial crisis of 2008. And who paid the bill at the end of that failure? The taxpayer. You are the backstop for any failure. 
Whenever you hear someone say, 
Hey, I am getting low interest rates— what a great deal. The low interest rates are being paid for by you; and the risk, which is just as important and is easy to hide, is also being borne by you, the taxpayer. 
So the Export-Import Bank does not 
advance the public interest. Export-Im-port imposes real costs on you, the American consumer, taxpayers, and other businesses through risk, market distortions, and misallocation of re-sources. 
Let me bring a little economics into 
this. Export subsidies don’t—do not— increase net exports, and there is plen-ty of economic literature to support this claim. Sure, subsidized exports in-crease. Of course they do. But unsub-
sidized exports—the folks without the deal—drop, and imports increase in re-sponse. So someone is getting a ben-efit, but there is always someone else that is not receiving the benefit, that is being harmed by this free money out of heaven. 
As the Government Accountability 
Office noted in a study on Ex-Im’s jobs claims: ‘‘Additional exports may result in jobs shifting from one firm to an-other, without an increase in total em-ployment.’’ 
Let me read that again. The study 
claims: ‘‘Additional exports may result in jobs’’—that is what we care about up here—‘‘jobs shifting from one firm’’— who loses them—‘‘to another’’—who has the free money—but ‘‘without an increase in total employment.’’ 
I think that is what Americans care 
about. I think you care about increas-ing total employment, and this pro-gram does not accomplish that goal. 
What is true for employment is also 
true for production in general and for net exports, which are all part of our GDP. 
These economic outcomes are driven 
by major macroeconomic factors. These are the things we should care about. These are the things that really do improve our economy: worker pro-ductivity, United States capital stock, our business climate, and how much we save or borrow. Those are the fun-damentals that we need to improve if we want to do better in the rest of the world. And we should also include the United States education system in the mix as well. The Export-Import Bank doesn’t change any of these funda-mental market drivers. It just benefits some at the expense of the rest of us. 
America is supposed to embody free 
enterprise and equal opportunity for all people—equal opportunity. ‘‘Equal’’ means equal, no special deals for any-one. Getting ahead shouldn’t require having friends in Washington, D.C. 
Besides, how can we address the enti-
tlement crisis and the legitimate wel-fare issues we have on the domestic front, as the gentleman from Ohio, J
IM 
JORDAN , just noted, and other domestic 
reforms if we can’t even tackle a nar-row corporate welfare program? 
I will just close by drawing another 
comparison with the great financial crisis we had in ’07–’08. Fannie and Freddie had a network across 50 States. It was almost a shadow Congress of power that even Members of Congress didn’t want to go up against because they were so powerful. 
And what happened as Fannie and 
Freddie helped to generate mortgages to people who could not pay their mortgages; right? Subsidized rates—is it sounding familiar? Subsidized rates to folks who didn’t have incomes, liar loans, and utter financial collapse starting in the housing sector, spread-ing over to the financial sector, all too good to be true, all free money falling from heaven, just like I am describing here with the Export-Import Bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.063 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2455 April 23, 2015 
And at the end of the day, who paid the 
bill? You did, the American taxpayer. 
So the Export-Import Bank is build-
ing the same infrastructure throughout the country. They are going State by State by State, Member by Member by Member, saying: Hey, you have compa-nies who really need this special deal. They like the deal. 
We have shown, I have shown: it is 
good for them, but it is not good for you. 
These special interest subsidies need 
to end, starting with the end of the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
Mr. BUCK. I thank the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
I yield to the gentleman from West 
Virginia. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. I 
thank the gentleman from Colorado for the opportunity to rise and speak on this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I have some serious 
concerns about the future of the Ex-port-Import Bank, particularly with this administration. 
In the past, the Bank has been used 
to push extreme environmental poli-cies from the President to guide how it awards their loans. We all know that the President has declared a war on coal; and through his administration, he is doing everything he can to pros-ecute that war on coal. We have seen the EPA and other departments in this administration, through regulation— not through Congress, but through reg-ulation—attempt to shut down the coal industry and bankrupt the coal indus-try. The President, himself, said his goal was to bankrupt the coal industry. This, of course, along with the Export- Import Bank, is hurting coal compa-nies and costing American jobs as they try to compete in the global market. 
I know that American coal has been 
hurt because the Export-Import Bank has awarded loans in countries that do not have to adhere to President Obama’s leftwing environmental regu-lations. They don’t have an EPA in many of these countries, yet we are fi-nancing deals there. Our current Presi-dent has proven time and again he will use any means necessary to circumvent Congress and the Constitution to pro-mote an agenda the American people just don’t want. 
So let me give you some specifics on 
the Export-Import Bank and some of their investments: 
For example, in 2013, the Export-Im-
port Bank approved a loan in the amount of $694 million in financing for U.S. equipment to develop an open-pit iron ore mine in Australia. The mine is owned by the wealthiest woman in the country of Australia. Do you really think she needs U.S. tax dollar support for this project? 
According to public officials, unions, 
and the Iron Mining Association, these subsidies threaten to displace nearly $600 million worth of U.S. iron ore ex-ports and cause a reduction of approxi-mately $1.2 billion in U.S. domestic sales. The Wall Street Journal recently 
highlighted a $641 million deal the Ex-port-Import Bank made with a Turkish company to build a new fuel-producing plant. According to the CEO of Valero, a company that exports American die-sel and gasoline to foreign countries, ‘‘The new Turkish refinery will be a di-rect competitor of U.S. refineries in the global market.’’ ‘‘It takes away po-tential export markets.’’ 
Valero, I might mention, has oper-
ations in my district, in my State, and in many other States throughout the country. 
Lastly, according to The Heritage 
Foundation, the Export-Import Bank made a $500 million deal with a copper mine in Mongolia that competes with excavations in Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, Nevada, and Montana. 
The American people elect Congress 
to write the laws and make the laws, not the President. The President is the executive branch. He needs to figure this out. The executive branch enforces laws. They don’t make the laws. That is what we do here in the legislative branch. The American people gave Re-publicans majorities in both Chambers to put a stop to the President’s radical agenda. 
One other concern I would like to 
point out is I don’t believe the govern-ment should be in the business of pick-ing the winners and the losers. Private investors, you, when you choose to shop, individuals, can pick who you want to support. 
We have a vibrant and highly func-
tioning private banking system. We should let them determine which loans are made to which companies. When the Federal Government inserts itself into the process, you end up with a sys-tem where Washington special inter-ests drive decisionmaking, not free market principles. The Export-Import Bank has become the competitor to this private capital and investment. 
And I am a conservative. I believe I 
support Federal policies that encour-age free enterprise and entrepreneur-ship, not to enter the arena as a com-petitor to the private sector. The Fed-eral Government should not be in the business of picking winners and losers. Let’s let the marketplace decide who wins and loses. This is the way free markets are supposed to work. 
What has made America great are 
the traditional values, hard work, and free markets. The ability to create jobs in this country, that is what has made America great. 
We support businesses. Those busi-
nesses that create jobs, they have raised more people out of poverty—the businesses and the jobs they create have raised more people out of poverty than any other government program can or ever will. 
So I wanted to bring these concerns 
to the attention of the American peo-ple and this body. This is a serious issue that may or may not come before Congress. If we don’t act at all, the Bank expires; and it is clear from what I have detailed here, there are serious 
concerns with moving forward with the Export-Import Bank. 
Again, I appreciate the opportunity 
to speak on this issue. 
Mr. BUCK. I thank the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Bribery, corruption, and fraud, 
throughout my tenure as a State and Federal prosecutor, I saw all of these evils and more. I am disappointed to say that the words I once used to de-scribe white-collar criminals can now be used to define a federally funded en-tity. 
The Export-Import Bank, or, as some 
know it, the Ex-Im Bank, has taken ad-vantage of our free market system. An institution that once stood for eco-nomic growth, prosperity, and global expansion now stands as a symbol of greed, a pillar of crony capitalism. 
It does not take a trained eye to see 
that the Ex-Im Bank is exactly what is wrong with Washington today. This 80- year-old institution we once trusted to expand our ‘‘Made in America’’ brand to every corner of the globe has failed to live up to its charter and has, in-stead, morphed into something else. 
The Bank does not maintain or cre-
ate jobs. It does not support small busi-nesses as much as its supporters would like you to think. It does not level the playing field for U.S. exporters. It is not even a good deal for taxpayers. The Ex-Im Bank has become more like a train with no conductor at the helm, running faster and faster, heading straight off the tracks. As so often hap-pens when accountability is slim and punishment is nonexistent, the Ex-Im Bank has become a breeding ground for corruption, cronyism, and fraud. 
If you think I am wrong, even Presi-
dent Obama agreed with me back in 2008. Before he ascended to the White House, Mr. Obama said that the Ex-Im Bank was ‘‘little more than corporate welfare.’’ The President is also on record saying: 
There should be a level playing field for 
U.S. exporters, allowing them to compete based on the quality and price of their goods and services, rather than on the quality of any officially supported financing. 
You know, Mr. President, the great 
thing about the Internet is those words never go away, no matter how much you change your tune. 
At best, the Bank is handpicking 
winners and losers. At worst, Ex-Im Bank is corruptly accepting bribes, crookedly steering funds to favored for-eign companies, and chilling the mar-ket for our homegrown companies. 
Take, for instance, Delta Air Lines. 
Delta is suing Ex-Im Bank because it feels that it is being cheated out of many of its former routes. The airline is on record saying that foreign com-petitors aided by American taxpayer- funded loans from the Ex-Im Bank can now charge less per flight because they have purchased Boeing aircraft at cheaper prices than our own American companies can. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.064 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2456 April 23, 2015 
b1345 
The American taxpayer is subsidizing 
foreign airlines that compete with other American airlines. 
Speaking of Boeing and the Ex-Im 
Bank’s corrupt practices, following Delta’s suit, Congress mandated that the Bank perform economic impact re-views on all large deals. Take one guess who helped Ex-Im craft these rules. Boeing. This company received 65.4 per-cent of the bank’s taxpayer-backed fi-nancing to help sell their jets to for-eign companies, putting domestic air-lines like Delta in a bind. How can Ex- Im justify its claims of leveling the playing field and supporting small businesses with these practices? 
It only takes a quick glance at Ex- 
Im’s leadership to see how we got to this point. The Daily Caller found that fully half of Ex-Im’s own advisory com-mittee members led businesses that di-rectly benefited from Ex-Im financing during their term. Five more members had Ex-Im funding reach their organi-
zations before joining the advisory committee. And most disturbing of all, if we can have something more dis-turbing, is that the current advisory committee chair is former Democratic Governor Christine Gregoire of Wash-ington State—Washington State, which receives 43.6 percent of the bank’s total funding. I invite you once again to take one guess at what company is headquartered in Washington State. Yes, you guessed it: Boeing. 
Mr. Speaker, if this is not bad 
enough, between October 2007 and March 2014, there were 124 investiga-tions linked to corruption surrounding the Ex-Im Bank. This includes some 792 separate claims involving more than $500 million. The Ex-Im inspector gen-eral also revealed last week that 31 other Ex-Im Bank employees are cur-rently being investigated for fraud. That brings us to nearly 40 Ex-Im em-ployees who have already been inves-tigated or are currently being inves-tigated for fraud. 
During an Oversight and Government 
Reform Committee hearing during the week of April 15, the Export-Import Bank’s inspector general revealed that four senior-level Ex-Im employees were relieved of their duties last summer. These employees were allegedly steer-ing taxpayer-funded loans to favored companies in exchange for cash pay-ments and other kickbacks. A former Congressman is sitting now in Federal prison until 2023 on bribery charges linked to Bank practices. Another former Ex-Im employee was indicted in the same scheme for soliciting and ac-cepting $173,500 in bribes. The list goes on and on. How can we justify allowing a Federal agency to continue to oper-ate in flagrant disregard of the law? 
Mr. Speaker, the most recent of these 
cases features a former Ex-Im loan offi-cer, Johnny Gutierrez. You may re-member Mr. Gutierrez as one of the four Ex-Im employees I mentioned be-fore. He has the dubious honor of being the first of these four to be formally charged with bribery by the Depart-
ment of Justice. He allegedly accepted cash bribes 19 times between 2006 and 2013 to help direct taxpayer-backed loans to a Florida-based construction equipment exporter, Impex Associa-tion. Mr. Gutierrez was apparently 
very good at his job. He secured be-tween $1 million and $5 million to fi-nance Impex Association projects in both Mexico and the Dominican Repub-lic in June 2007. Similar guarantees were also promised to Jamaica and the Turks and Caicos. It is clear this is, un-fortunately, not an isolated incident. 
It only gets worse, Mr. Speaker. In 
2009, former Democratic Congressman William J. Jefferson from Louisiana was convicted of accepting bribes from U.S. telecom company IGATE and a Ni-gerian company in exchange for selling access to Ex-Im Bank employees. Jef-ferson was even videotaped receiving $100,000 at the Ritz-Carlton hotel right across the river in Arlington. When Federal investigators raided Jeffer-son’s house, they discovered over $90,000 in cash stashed away in his freezer. This does not even take into account the former Ex-Im employee, Maureen Scurry, who was indicted for accepting $173,500 worth of bribes to help the Nigerian company. 
I don’t know about you, but when an 
internal poll shows that only 42.1 per-cent of your employees think the orga-nization’s leaders maintain a high standard of honesty and integrity, and only 50.2 percent of employees believe they can disclose violations of the law without fearing for their jobs, there is something terribly wrong. 
It is time for a change here in Wash-
ington. The Ex-Im Bank is the perfect example of what happens when a single agency is allowed to pick winners and losers. For too long, Ex-Im employees have been accepting falsified docu-ments, failing to record applicants’ eli-gibility, and forging mandatory checks on applicants’ financial integrity. There is a systemic sickness poisoning this agency with greed and corruption. It must be stopped, and it must be stopped now. 
This battle may be hard. But it is one 
I feel deep down that we must fight. We cannot allow this corrupt agency to continue picking winners and losers, laughing in the face of our laws and de-grading our free market principles. The Ex-Im Bank is a portrait of exactly what is wrong with Washington today, and it is finally time for a change. That is why I ask you to join me on June 30 in allowing this pillar of crony capitalism to expire once and for all. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BELL STREET 
MIDDLE SCHOOL SCIENCE OLYM-PIAD TEAM UPON WINNING ITS 13TH CONSECUTIVE SCIENCE OLYMPIAD STATE CHAMPION-SHIP 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
OST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair rec-
ognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exceptional group of students, teach-ers, and parents of the Bell Street Mid-dle School Science Olympiad Team, which just won their 13th consecutive Science Olympiad State championship. Let me repeat that: the 13th straight Science Olympiad State championship, a remarkable group of parents, teach-ers, and students. 
The Science Olympiad program is 
one of the premier science competition programs in the Nation, which for the past 31 years has been dedicated to interscholastic academic competition that provides a series of individual and 
team events requiring the knowledge of scientific facts, concepts, processes, skills, and science applications. They provide constantly changing challenges to nearly 7,000 teams across all 50 States that allow for students to be ex-posed to a variety of career choices while meeting practicing scientists and life-changing mentors. 
The Bell Street Middle School in 
Clinton, South Carolina, began com-peting in this competition in 1986. The Science Olympiad team here was founded by three exceptional teachers: Dr. Rosemary Wicker, Dr. David O’Shields, and Michael Mack. Mr. Mack and Dr. David O’Shields still work in the school district today, and Dr. O’Shields is the superintendent of Laurens County School District 56. He continues to be a part of the team and coaches the Bell Street Middle School Science Olympiad. 
Many of the Bell Street Science 
Olympiad alumni have gone on to be extremely successful in the fields of science and technology. One example is Elizabeth Humbert, who went on to ob-tain a master’s degree in geology at the University of Tennessee and later went on to help manage mastodon ex-cavation at the Paleontological Re-search Institution in Ithaca, New York. She also participated in the Hyde Park Mastodon Project, which was the dis-covery of the most complete mastodon to date. She has spent countless hours working in outreach to students through helping to build the Museum of the Earth and through an outreach position at Cornell University for NASA, through which she helped build the STEM internships across the State of New York for underrepresented stu-dents. 
Today Elizabeth is living on the is-
land of Sumatra in Indonesia, devel-oping a class for upper elementary school students on their regional ecol-ogy and geology. When asked about her love for science, Elizabeth states: My building block, my love for learning, my discovery that I could do what I found interesting, dates specifically back to Bell Street Middle School and to our Challenge classes, to enjoying the freedom and the open-ended re-search it offered and to Science Olym-piad and the connections it created. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.066 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2457 April 23, 2015 
Of her experience participating in 
Science Olympiad, she states it pro-vided her with ‘‘the feeling that being different might not be a burden, but a great blessing and an exciting path to follow. Science for me has always been that exciting path and perhaps an un-usual one in 1994. I have been so glad to see more women in the field in these last 20 years. I know Science Olympiad fosters that in all students and creates visions of possibilities that really exist,’’ she said. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that her state-
ment sums up how valuable this orga-nization has been and continues to be to our Nation’s youth. 
This year’s students are continuing 
this history of success and innovation with their first-place finishes in 11 of the State competition’s 20 events. One event in particular required students to create a wheeled vehicle that could travel a specific distance in the short-est amount of time. This year the length of the track was longer than in previous years, and there was a coffee can placed in the middle of the track. I have got a graphic here to kind of show you what that is. Students lost points if the car went over the finish line or didn’t stop close enough to it. 
In order to be successful in this 
event, Dillon Snead created a formula based on what he is learning in his ge-ometry class. He created a triangle with a square ruler which he accurated with his car and then used a formula to calculate the distance from the start-ing point—starting point being here— to the ending point. This allowed him to create an arch with a point 1/12th of the total distance. 
Using this formula, Dillon and his 
partner, Alyssa Shiflet, were able to create a car that stopped 2 centimeters away from the finish line, winning the team first place. This victory helped the team achieve the overall first place award at the State competition. 
You can look at this Web site and ac-
tually watch a video. They had to take a motorized vehicle that they created, calculate the distance, the energy, and the radius to go around an obstacle in the middle of the path, and they stopped it at the other end within 1 centimeter of the finish line. This is an eighth-grade student that did this, helping his class win the first place. I think Dillon Snead’s mathematic abili-ties are tremendous. I would like to congratulate him. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to finally take 
this opportunity to congratulate all the coaches and members of this year’s Science Olympiad team from School District 56’s Bell Street Middle School on their 13th consecutive State cham-pionship. I will try to read their names without stumbling. If I do, students, I apologize: 
Sydney Argoe, Victor Barcenas, Jor-
dan Barker, Sean Bell, Jonathan Braswell, Sienna Brent, Jakiya Camp-bell, Erin Caughman, Justin Easter, Mason Gibbs, Cole Gresham, Karl Gus-tafson, Anjela Gutierrez, Grace John-son, Matthew Lane, Dequan Lindsay, 
Patrick Nelson, Toni Parenti, Jakob Pountain, Tytajha Robinson, Alyssa Shiflet, Dillon Snead, Destiny Spoone, Bailey Stephens, Maren Vondergeest, Nathan Vondergeest, Gary Walsh, Caitlyn Watson, David Wilkie, and Kari Young. 
These are all the students on that 
team, Mr. Speaker, and while I don’t have all the names of their parents and the teachers, I want to congratulate them as well and thank them for their efforts in helping create our future sci-entists and innovators, and for chal-lenging these middle school students to be the very best they can be. You see, these things don’t happen overnight. These Science Olympiad teams train weekend after weekend, spending Sat-urdays and sometimes Sunday after-noons with the teachers and the par-ents involved, figuring all these mathematic formulas out and figuring out this science. 
I also want to wish the best of luck 
to all of you as you make your way to Lincoln, Nebraska, for the national competition, which is in May. 
I would like to end by saying: May 
God continue to bless these students, their teachers, and their parents; may God put a hedge of protection over them as they travel; may God continue to bless Bell Street Middle School; and may God continue to bless the United States of America. 
b1400 
HONORING JOHN T . DUNCAN , SR. 
I would also like to take this oppor-
tunity to finish my comments here today talking about one of my heroes. My dad passed away Tuesday, a week ago, from complications with Alz-heimer’s. It is a terrible disease. The Alzheimer’s Association and others are working hard to come up with a cure for that. 
My dad was an amazing man. He was 
a 1961 graduate of Clemson University, 
the first in his family to finish college. He went on to send my brother and me to Clemson as well. My brother has one son that has graduated from Clemson, one that is attending, and I have one that is attending. That is because of my father. 
We have a saying at Clemson that 
our ‘‘blood runneth orange.’’ When they prepared my dad’s body, I believe they found his blood to truly runneth orange because of his love for our alma mater, and that is Clemson University. 
My dad studied industrial manage-
ment, textiles emphasis. He went on to be a plant manager and supervisor and, ultimately, vice president at Arkwright Mills in textiles. 
He used to carry a marble in his 
pocket. I think that was the philos-ophy that helped him succeed not only in life as a general manager or a plant manager or supervisor in the textile in-dustry, not as a member of the commu-nity, not as a father, but just as a human being. That is a marble that had a saying on it that was given to us by Jesus Christ, and that is: Do unto others as you would have others 
do unto you. 
Let us treat others the way that we 
would want to be treated. I think my dad used that philosophy as he walked the plant floor in the textile mills that he oversaw. I think he treated the peo-ple that were pushing the brooms or working on the looms or the spinning frames or actually weaving and spin-ning or actually the supervisors, I think he treated them all the same. 
I think my dad treated them the way 
that he would want to be treated if he was pushing that broom or if he was working on that spinning frame or if he was actually a weaver and supervisor. 
Treat others the way you want to be 
treated. I think if we are able to do that in life, I think we will go far. I think it is a great motto. It is inspira-tion to me, so I will try to treat others as well. 
My dad was one of my heroes. I lost 
him on April 14 of this year, Tuesday, a week ago. I am going to miss him. He was proud of what I did, proud of what I have been able to accomplish, proud of me serving this great country that he loved so much, the United States of America. 
If he was at home, he would be sit-
ting in front of the TV, watching C– SPAN, watching me give this speech; and he would be proud. 
Thank you. God bless you. May God 
bless America. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to address the Armenian geno-cide, the first genocide of the 20th cen-tury. 
Now, I know a number of other Mem-
bers were planning to join me—there has been some confusion as to the schedule—but I hope that Members in-terested in this issue would come to the floor and join me during the next 30 minutes. 
I would like to thank the gentleman 
from Long Beach, California, Mr. A
LAN 
LOWENTHAL , for being at the Sub-
committee on Asia and the Pacific, of which I am the ranking member, so that I can be here on the floor at this important time. 
Mr. Speaker, today, it is the after-
noon of April 23 here in our Nation’s Capital; but in Istanbul, it is night. It is about to be midnight, bringing in the 24th of April. As we are here, at this very hour, 100 years ago, agents of the Ottoman Government, the government ruling the Ottoman Empire, went out into the night to arrest the leadership of the Armenian community there in Istanbul, then the capital of the Otto-man Empire. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.067 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2458 April 23, 2015 
Soon the rest of the plan went into 
effect. Having arrested and killed the leadership of the Armenian commu-nity, agents of the Ottoman Empire felt free to go into the ancient Arme-nian lands of Eastern Anatolia and begin a process of ethnic cleansing, to begin a process of mass murder, to begin a process of sending people into the desert to die or simply annihilating them on the spot, to begin a well- thought-out plan of genocide, the first genocide of the 20th century. 
Now, I am asked: Why is it so impor-
tant that we remember this genocide? Well, first, genocide denial is the last step of the genocide itself. When I say genocide denial, you might think that, in recounting history of 100 years ago, that I was simply here to commemo-rate and to mourn. 
Unfortunately, the government of 
modern Turkey has begun and contin-ued a multimillion dollar plan of threats, of lobbying, of secret money, all designed to deny the Armenian genocide. That genocide denial is the last stage of the genocide that began 100 years ago this hour. 
First, in a genocide, a people is de-
stroyed, and then we see the destruc-
tion of the memory of their annihila-tion; but worse than genocide denial being the last step of a genocide, it is the first step of the next genocide. 
When Adolf Hitler was talking to his 
henchmen and they wondered whether they could get away with the total de-struction of the Jewish people, he was able to turn to them, as he did, and said: 
Who remembers the annihilation of the Ar-
menians? 
This genocide denial creates the ex-
pectation among other evil men that they can get away with genocide. Why do we here, in the United States, kow-tow to Turkey’s demand that we fail to recognize the Armenian genocide? 
Last week, the European Union over-
whelming passed a recognition recog-nizing not only the murders and atroc-ities that took place in Eastern Anatolia, but also using, as was appro-priate, the word ‘‘genocide.’’ 
A few days before, Pope Francis used 
the word ‘‘genocide’’ for the first time in the history of the Vatican to com-memorate this 100th anniversary of massacres. Over 40 State legislatures in our own country and 20 foreign govern-ments have recognized that the acts of the Ottoman Empire against the Arme-nians in the early 20th century con-stituted a genocide. 
It is time for this Congress to do 
what then-Senator Barack Obama did and acknowledge that what happened 100 years ago today, what began 100 years ago today, was, indeed, a geno-cide. 
I see that we are joined by the chair 
of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I yield now to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from California, and I also rise today on the 100th anniversary of 
the Armenian genocide. Mr. Speaker, that period of time rep-
resented a generation of Armenians, a generation lost to assassination, to depravation, to assault, to starvation, 1.5 million souls, a half a million oth-ers left homeless, decades of Armenian culture and history and religion erased from the landscape of Anatolia; and, on this significant anniversary, 100 years, we cannot remain silent. 
Pope Francis said it clearly when he 
called on the world leaders to ‘‘oppose such crimes with a firm sense of duty, without ceding to ambiguity or com-promise.’’ 
Our National Archives is filled with 
thousands of pages documenting the premeditated extermination of the Ar-menian people. Our own Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, Henry Morgen-thau, recalled in his memoirs that that Ottoman Empire ‘‘never had the slight-est idea of reestablishing the Arme-nians in a new country,’’ knowing that ‘‘the great majority of those would . . . either die of thirst and starvation, or be murdered by the wild . . . desert tribes.’’ 
Growing up in Anaheim, I knew an 
elderly Armenian who had survived the genocide only because of a compas-sionate Turkish family that hid him from sight, and he was the only one in his village—the only Armenian in his village—that survived. 
The U.S. has long been a global lead-
er in promoting human rights around the world. The issue of the Armenian genocide is taught in our textbooks. The French, Swiss, Swedish, German Governments, the Russian Govern-ment, they recognized the Armenian genocide, as does the EU. As a global leader in human rights, it is important for the U.S. to stand on principle and recognize the annihilation of the Arme-nians as genocide. 
While the Armenian genocide was the 
first of the 20th century, the blind eye cast to the slaughter of Armenians at the time was a point used by Hitler when he said to his officer corps: ‘‘Who . . . speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?’’ 
My friends, history is a continuum. 
Yesterday impacts today, which im-pacts tomorrow. It is much harder to get tomorrow right if we get yesterday wrong. The world’s strength to oppose killing today is made greater by ac-countability for actions present but also past. It is weakened by denial of accountability of past acts. Not recog-nizing the Armenian genocide, as such, weakens us. 
I wanted to say a bit about the Near 
East Relief, which was the name of the American charity specifically orga-nized in response to the Armenian genocide. I quoted our Ambassador at the time, Henry Morgenthau, and he very much urged support for this ef-fort. 
Through public rallies and church 
collections and with the assistance of charitable organizations and founda-tions, that committee raised millions in his campaign to save the starving Armenians as the campaign went 
across the country with that theme. 
Between 1915 and 1930, when it ended 
operations, Near East Relief adminis-tered an amazing $117 million in assist-ance. It delivered food, clothing, and materials for shelter by the shipload from America. It set up refugee camps in clinics and hospitals, orphanages, and centers for vocational training. 
Near East Relief is credited for hav-
ing cared for 130,000 Armenian orphans scattered across a region that stretched from Tbilisi to Yerevan to Istanbul, Beirut, Damascus, and Jeru-salem. Where they could find those or-phans, they cared for those orphans. 
Near East Relief was an act which 
quite literally kept a people, a nation, alive. Unfortunately, since 1950, hun-dreds of Armenian religious, historic, and cultural sites have been con-fiscated. They have been destroyed. They have been vandalized. 
Turkish leaders must act now to pre-
vent losing any more. The United States must keep pressing Turkish leaders until they commit to pro-tecting these sites and to return all confiscated church properties to their rightful owners. 
In addition, we must work to protect 
those Armenians who are living under the threat of violence today. 
b1415 
Armenians in Syria are increasingly 
targeted for violence by Islamist ter-rorists due to their religious beliefs, and, in Nagorno-Karabakh, Armenians have suffered under the greatest esca-lation of violence along the line of con-flict in 20 years. 
As we remember the victims of the 
first genocide of the 20th century, let us also commit to working for the safe-ty and freedom of their descendents. Such efforts would be a fitting and needed tribute to the innocent victims of the Armenian genocide. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the distin-
guished chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. I want to associate myself with his comments and particu-larly thank him for focusing our atten-tion on the struggles of the people of Artsakh. 
Mr. Speaker, one should remember 
that, with the support of the Govern-ment of Turkey, the Government of Azerbaijan has threatened to shoot down civilian airplanes headed to the Stepanakert Airport. Those are the kinds of threats and intimidation that the people of Armenia and of Nagorno- Karabakh face today. 
I yield to the gentleman also from 
California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) if he re-
quests. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Let me thank 
my colleagues from California for tak-ing the time and effort to come here and to put these very important ex-pressions of outrage into the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . 
Mr. Speaker, yes, we are outraged 
that people today would even consider not acknowledging the fact that there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.069 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2459 April 23, 2015 
was a genocide that took place 100 
years ago. 
I am a friend of Turkey’s. I believe 
that the Turkish people and the people of the United States need to be close. We were in the cold war, and I am grateful to their contributions to our security over the years; but this doesn’t mean that we should not be to-tally honest with each other and with them as friends in that all of us have made mistakes. Certainly, the United States has committed errors in its past that we should agree to acknowledge. 
In this demonstration today, we are 
putting ourselves in solidarity with the families of those who were victimized 100 years ago by the Armenian geno-cide. We also express ourselves to our friends in Turkey that this is the time to just acknowledge that, in the past, mistakes were made and that, indeed, it is time to move on and to make sure that people today in Turkey are treat-ed with greater respect for their rights and in continued cooperation with the United States and with other free peo-ple in the world. 
I thank my friend Mr. B
RAD SHER-
MAN, who has been a leader on this 
issue, for acknowledging and being here today to make sure that this gets into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD on this 
very important day. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the gen-
tleman for his comments. 
Mr. Speaker, I am here on the House 
floor where we, today, should be voting on a resolution to recognize the Arme-nian genocide. Several of us, I believe including the gentleman from Cali-fornia, introduced the Armenian Geno-cide Truth and Justice Resolution, but that resolution is not on the floor today because of the pressures, argu-ments, and an incredibly expensive lob-bying campaign by the Turkish Gov-ernment. 
It was 100 years ago today, as I point-
ed out in the beginning, that 650 writ-ers, lawyers, poets, doctors, priests, and politicians were rounded up, de-ported, and murdered by the Ottoman Government. No one should give any credence to the argument that some-how these were a few individuals who were acting alone, that this was not a coordinated governmental campaign. There were 1 million to 1.5 million peo-ple who died, and it was because of a premeditated and carefully planned ef-fort by the Ottoman Government. 
Now, we are told that Turkey is an 
ally of the United States and that, therefore, we dare not recognize the genocide here on the House floor. 
First, I believe that there is nothing 
that we could do that is more impor-tant for the people of Turkey than to recognize the genocide and to urge them to do so as well. How will Turkey be a great country in the future if it is so focused on lying about its past? What relationship would we have with the government in Berlin if it were en-gaged in a Holocaust denial? Who in the world would trust American leader-ship if the government here in Wash-ington were lying or denying slavery? 
Every nation has a past. Every nation ought to honestly come to grips with that past. 
Then we are told that we cannot rec-
ognize the genocide because of threats from the Turkish Government. 
Never have I been more ashamed of 
this Congress than in its kowtowing to threats that turn out to be not only outrageous but illusory. Turkey threatened harsh retribution for those countries that recognized the genocide and then took only token steps against Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Bel-gium, Argentina, and 10 other coun-tries. Some 40 American State legisla-tures have recognized the Armenian genocide and have not lost a single dol-lar of exports to Turkey. The greatest attempt by the Turkish Government to muzzle a national legislature was their effort, roughly a decade ago, to prevent France from recognizing the genocide. They threatened an economic boycott. In the 6 years that followed France’s courageous recognition of the geno-cide, exports from France to Turkey increased fourfold. 
The only thing worse than kow-
towing to ridiculous and outrageous threats is kowtowing to ridiculous and outrageous threats that turn out to be illusory paper tigers. 
Finally, I have to comment on just 
how outrageous it is for Turkey to be threatening the United States, because look at what we have done for Turkey. 
In the years since World War II, we 
have saved them from communism and the Soviet Union. We disbursed over $23 billion in aid. We prevented the cre-ation of a fully sovereign and inde-pendent Kurdish state. We helped build the pipeline that brings them oil today, and we have been the loudest voice in urging that Turkey be admitted to the European Union. After we have done all of that, they say it is not enough and that we have to be accomplices 
with them in denying and in hiding the first genocide of the 20th century. 
This is outrageous. It is time for this 
Congress to show that America is wor-thy of world leadership, not only be-
cause of our values of freedom and de-mocracy, but because we have the courage to acknowledge the facts that actually occurred, and we are not tempted to gain some sort of illusory alliance advantage by denying the greatest crime that a nation can com-mit. 
I think, as we see the last persons 
who survived the genocide—or the nieces and nephews of those who died— come to the end of their days, that America should recognize this great genocide. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
DEMOCRACY IS IN GREAT DANGER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, 
let us note in this great hall of freedom that this is the culmination of over 200 years of sacrifice and hard work and commitment by generations of Ameri-cans who started back in the 1700s to build a country that was based on free-dom, liberty, and a democratic ideal of which all people’s rights are respected and laws are made by the consent of the governed and that, indeed, we could have established a government at the Federal level which had its areas of au-thority but where other authority was vested in the States and in the people, themselves. This great, wondrous ex-periment of democracy is in great dan-ger today from a number of areas. 
Overseas, of course, we see radical 
Islam on the rise, and they would like to terrorize the population of Western civilization, especially those of us in America. We also have people who fear forces within our own society. Iron-ically, one of the things most our peo-ple fear is that our own government is out of control and that we have a gov-ernment today that in no way matches the model that our Founding Fathers had in mind for the United States of America and for the people of this country at this time. 
They looked forward to a shining 
city on a hill, and what we have in-stead is an evermore control-centered government that is not democratically oriented but is, instead, run for special interests, run by crony capitalists, run by bureaucrats in the Nation’s Capital themselves, run by rogue elements within our own government, run by a too decentralized system that has emerged over these last several dec-ades. 
The United States was created by in-
dividuals who proclaimed a commit-ment to liberty and to the pursuit of happiness and life. Even as the Dec-laration of Independence declared our independence from Great Britain, we declared we were, instead, not just a country that was free of Great Britain but that we were going to be a special country in which people’s rights were respected. 
Even as we did declare our independ-
ence in that same document, what did we do? 
We listed the horror stories that were 
going on of the great oppression that our Founding Fathers were experi-encing by the British, who were trying to suppress their desire for liberty and independence—many of those items that were declared in our own Declara-tion of Independence that were reason enough for us to declare independence and to declare ourselves revolution-aries and patriots. Instead, we see many of those same items now being part and parcel of our own government. Our own bureaucracy claims the right to do some of the things that our Founding Fathers felt should have been left to the people and should not be permitted by any government. 
Today, I would like to mention two 
significant issues that are at play in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.071 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2460 April 23, 2015 
Washington, D.C., that will play a 
prominent role in the degree of free-dom that is enjoyed by our people. The second issue that I will mention gets a lot more publicity than the first, but the first issue that I would like to talk about today, which is a dramatic di-minishing of the freedom and liberty of our people, is a bill that is designed to dramatically change our patent sys-tem. All of a sudden, there are yawns. ‘‘Oh, the patent system. Who can un-derstand that?’’ No. It is very easy to understand. 
b1430 
Our Founding Fathers wrote into the 
Constitution that Americans would have the right to own and control the product of their own creative genius for a period of time, that way we would encourage people to innovate, to come up with new ideas. And, in fact, that patent concept was so revolutionary that it was what catapulted America into a major power in the world. 
It was a power in which the security 
and the prosperity of the average per-son and the rights of the average per-son were respected. Much of this can be traced back, yes, to the Constitution, to rights, and especially the patent rights because people had a right to own for a period of time the product of their own creative genius. 
We developed the technology that up-
lifted America’s middle class. We have a working group in this country who have always had a higher standard of living than other countries in the world. Now, why is that? People all over the world and in the United States work very hard. There are hard-work-ing people all over the world, but it was here where hard-working people were able to prosper; people were able to live in dignity, to have families, to look forward to owning things of their own that they could then possess and enrich their own lives. There was noth-ing wrong with that, and, in fact, it was our technology that permitted that to happen. 
Well, that technology was based on a 
legal foundation, as I say, in our own Constitution. Benjamin Franklin saw to it, that wise man, and our other Founding Fathers who listened to him and were captured by the idea. Thomas Jefferson, another man who believed in technology, Benjamin Franklin, these were people who knew that with free-dom and technology there is no limit to what America can accomplish, and they set out to build the most creative, the freest, the most prosperous land of all, and they succeeded. 
But today they are taking elements 
away from our freedom every day. This attack on the patent system, while it is stealth and not many people are see-ing it, is a huge attack on the well- being, the prosperity, the security of the American people. 
Now, what we have got—and who is 
trying to bring about these changes in our patent law that will hurt the little guys, hurt the individual inventors, make sure that the American people 
don’t see this as an individual right but look at it as something that corpora-tions do? No, no. What we have are huge multinational corporations that are trying to do their best to under-mine the patent rights that we have enjoyed as Americans for over 200 years. 
Yes, it is a sinister attack on the 
rights of the American people, and we are talking about crony capitalism at its worst in that these are huge cor-porations having their say in the Na-tion’s Capital and in Congress because they have influence here. 
Now, I am not saying that people are 
being bought off in their votes. I am not saying that at all. But as this sys-tem works, every Member of Congress and every person here, just like most Americans, is busy with their lives and busy with specific responsibilities; and what we have are these huge multi-national corporations that have basi-cally given campaign donations, not to buy a vote, but to buy someone’s atten-tion. 
So only about 10 percent of the peo-
ple here know anything about these patent proposals that are now working their way to the floor of the House. These 10 percent, unfortunately, they know. Over the years, they have been given donations by major multi-national corporations who explained their point of view. It is just that the other side has never gotten explained, and nobody knows about the other side. 
So, thus, what we have is coming to 
the floor a bill, H.R. 9, that will greatly diminish the patent rights of average Americans, of the little guy in a way that it will help these great multi-national corporations steal the tech-nology that they did not create. This is the big guys versus the little guys; and I will tell you that the little guys don’t always win, and the big guys don’t al-ways win. But if the little guys become active and they make sure that their Representative in Washington knows what is going on and knows that they stand for a strong patent protection of the American citizens, of patent rights for the American people, the little guys will win; otherwise, the crony capital-ists, these major, huge multinational corporations who don’t care about the American people. They care about their profit at the end of the year, which may or may not go into Amer-ica’s warehouse or America’s banks. It may go overseas, because these are multinational corporations who know no allegiance to the United States. 
So what we have got is a bill coming 
before the House, H.R. 9. Every one of the provisions in this bill has been de-signed to weaken the ability of Amer-ican inventors to be able to defend their patent rights in court against major corporations that are trying to steal from them. 
Now, how did it get this way? How 
did we get to this point where a bill may come to the floor—and it passed last year. We stopped it in the Senate. But how is that possible? Well, it is 
possible not because these multi-national corporations said: Oh, we want to weaken the patent protection of America’s inventors. No. They said: We have got a problem with trolls. 
Trolls, yes. ‘‘Trolls,’’ what a sinister- 
sounding word. 
By the way, when I came here 20 
years ago, they weren’t talking about trolls. They were talking about sub-marine patents. There is always some sinister-sounding threat that is being used in order to try to diminish the ac-tual patent protection of our average inventor. Today it is ‘‘trolls.’’ 
Now, by the way, what does a troll 
mean? A troll, according to these cor-porations, is someone who did not in-vent something but has purchased the patent rights from the inventor mainly because that inventor maybe doesn’t have the money to actually go and to enforce his or her own patent rights upon some huge corporation. So you have some people who come along who have got resources and say, ‘‘I will be your partner;’’ or, ‘‘Hey, I will just buy 
these rights from you.’’ 
This has played an important part in 
our whole process. You take that away—which is what these big corpora-tions want to say: Unless you invented it, you can’t make a profit from it. No, no, no. This is a property right, and if they take that away, individual inven-tors will never be able to raise the money for their own research, indi-vidual inventors won’t be able to sell their product. Thus, the number of peo-ple who can buy it from them will be so greatly diminished that the value of their patents will be dramatically cut by this bill. 
But of course these huge corpora-
tions don’t care. They just want to use other people’s ideas and creations for their own profit. They don’t care what happens to these little guys; although we know that it is the small inventor that comes up with the genius that changes the lives of people. But of course these huge multinational cor-porations are only interested in a prof-it at the end of the fiscal year. 
Well, this is a huge threat, and peo-
ple are being told that the trolls—these are people who didn’t invent, and thus, again, they are going to benefit any-way by bringing the lawsuit. Well, what they describe and try to claim are that the lawsuits brought on are main-ly frivolous lawsuits. Well, let me just note, we have a problem with frivolous lawsuits throughout our system. 
Throughout our government, we have 
frivolous lawsuits in every area of our economy. Yes, there are frivolous law-suits, but this is the equivalent of say-ing, because some lawyers have frivo-lous lawsuits, we are going to totally decimate the rights of the American people to sue anyone who has caused them damage. No, no. We don’t want to eliminate the rights of the American 
people because someone has frivolous lawsuits. 
Let me note that the frivolous law-
suit end of this equation has already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.072 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2461 April 23, 2015 
been corrected in the courts, but they 
continue to press for H.R. 9 because their real goal is to diminish the rights of American inventors to sue huge mul-tinational corporations who are steal-ing their technology. 
Let’s just note the trolls. The trolls, 
where did this come from? To show how cynical this debate is, the word ‘‘troll’’ has actually been created as a PR device to trick the American people into believing that the changes they are bringing about are going to hurt some scurrilous person, a troll, when in fact every provision we are talking about hurts the honest little guy who is struggling to develop new tech-nology or the fact that, if he develops something important but doesn’t have the ability to enforce it, he can at least enforce it by selling it to someone who will give him a price for his property. By the way, it is only for about 15 years or so that someone is going to own that, but he has a right to do that. But we are going to eliminate that right for the little guy so that he and nobody else can sue a multinational corporation that is stealing from him. 
Well, how did that word ‘‘troll’’ come 
about? I talked to a business executive who was in the room with various busi-ness executives from major corpora-tions trying to decide: How will we de-ceive the American people? What we can do is build up a straw man and make it sound like, oh, this is a hor-rible person, this straw man; thus, we are going to pass laws against that straw man when, in reality, they are trying to get the little inventor over here. 
So what were the names? They went 
around: What really scurrilous name can we think of? My friend told me: Well, I actually put into the hopper that we should call them patent pi-rates. Well, that wasn’t scurrilous enough. That wasn’t sinister enough because one of them came up with trolls, patent trolls. Well, okay, patent trolls. That is just how cynical this is, that we have businessmen who are sit-ting in a room trying to decide what word can be used to fool the American people into acquiescence into letting their inventors have their patent rights decimated. 
One big problem is it is not just the 
small inventors that are hurt by this change of patent law. Our universities, which now have many patents, our lab-oratories, which come up with so many new innovations, they are hit dramati-cally by this. This would probably de-crease the value of our patents and people who have whole collections of patents as part of their economic pack-age; it decreases their value perhaps by 50 percent. 
The major universities stepped for-
ward and stopped it in the Senate, this bill, last time. Well, H.R. 9 is coming up again. We need to stop it here, and we need to stop it in the Senate. Whether you are someone who depends on a job that is a technology-related job, whether you work at a university or a technology laboratory, we need to 
make sure that the freedom of tech-nology development is maintained in our country. This is necessary for my colleagues and the American people to become active. The little guys can win as long as we are active. We can beat the crony capitalists who try to dimin-ish our freedom. 
The second bill I would like to men-
tion today is H.R. 1940. H.R. 1940 was submitted by me yesterday. Basically, I would like to call the attention of my colleagues and the American people to the importance of H.R. 1940. What it does is sets a policy concerning the Federal Government that if a State government has legalized the medical use of marijuana last year—now, we are going to include whatever mari-juana laws are on the books of various States—that the State law should be what is respected and not the Federal Government coming in to States and local communities where people have decided that they don’t believe that the police and Federal action and court action should be used against people who use marijuana. 
Last year I had a bill that became 
part of our appropriations process and for DOJ and basically said, for medical marijuana, if a State has a law that le-galizes medical marijuana, the Federal Government cannot come in and super-sede that State law. In H.R. 1940 I ex-tend that. It will be the same as it was before, only this will also include States that have basically made mari-juana for personal use legal. 
What this bill says is let’s respect the 
10th Amendment to the Constitution. Let’s respect states’ rights. Let’s re-spect local communities’ rights to con-trol what is going on in their commu-nities. Let us not have an aggressive Federal law enforcement bureaucracy making decisions for us and super-seding what local people want to do with criminal justice in their own neighborhoods. 
b1445 
H.R. 1940 has been submitted. I would 
hope my colleagues read this and take this into consideration, perhaps com-ing on board to support this effort. 
Last year, we passed a bill just for 
medical marijuana and put it in as an amendment that said that the Federal Government can’t use any of those re-sources to supersede State law. We got that in last year. And there were 50 Re-publicans that signed onto the argu-ment that the States have a right to make their determination on these types of things. 
Our Founding Fathers didn’t mean 
the Federal Government to have crimi-nal justice control over this country. That was supposed to be left at the local level and at the State level. Our Founding Fathers did not want there to be a Federal police force. 
But yet what we have done is create 
a militaristic Federal police force that comes into people’s neighborhood and now is insisting that even if a State and local community doesn’t want 
something illegal, we are going to en-force a Federal law on them that is a criminal justice law that the local peo-ple don’t even want. 
That is not what our Founding Fa-
thers had in mind. Our Founding Fa-thers wanted local people to control their communities and wanted crimi-nal justice to be a State issue. They didn’t want to have the Federal Gov-ernment to have such control over our lives. 
And to show you how heinous this is, 
we passed that law here in this Con-gress—it won by a solid majority—that we would not supersede State law when it came to medical marijuana. Yet we have prosecutors in the United States who are still moving forward, filing charges, bringing people to court, even though the States in which they are in have agreed to legalize the medical use of marijuana. These rogue prosecutors are thumbing their noses at the law. 
This is what happens when govern-
ment gets out of line, gets away from the Constitution. The Constitution want us to control our lives at the local level and the State level. They want the Federal Government to han-dle things that are international and across State borders and are important for trade, et cetera, and our national security. They did not have in mind that we would have Federal prosecu-tors coming in and stepping on local authority and stepping on local pros-ecutors and insisting on people being prosecuted, even when the United States Congress is telling them not to do it. 
To say that this is arrogance and a 
threat to our freedom is an understate-ment. We need to pay attention to this because we have built up in the name of protecting people from themselves a law enforcement drug policy that is a dramatic threat to the freedom and well-being of the American people. 
We don’t need a militarized police 
force. Policemen used to be known as peace officers. When I was a kid, they were peace officers. ‘‘I am a peace offi-cer.’’ That means they were there to protect us from each other. 
Now, we have over the years evolved 
into the police being called law enforc-ers. Well, think about what that does. You change the relationship between the law, between the police, and be-tween the citizenry. We have created animosity, we have created fear, we have created violence where there wasn’t violence. 
When someone breaks into a home 
because they have a baggy of mari-juana, that is unconscionable. Break-ing into their home with guns drawn— and this happened. And, of course, we have an Attorney General who is in-sisting not only are we going to super-sede states’ rights, but we are going to have asset forfeiture. So if someone is providing medical marijuana for one of our veterans or for some people who are suffering, we are not going to give the parents the choice, or someone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.074 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2462 April 23, 2015 
whose older father or mother is in 
agony, the chance to try medical mari-juana. No, no. What we are going to do if somebody does that is seize their property. We are going to seize the property of the person that sold them the marijuana to alleviate their suf-fering. 
This is contrary to everything our 
Founding Fathers had in mind. This is contrary to the ideal of American free-dom and respect for individual rights. 
I was one of Ronald Reagan’s speech 
writers, as everyone knows, and I have been a Republican all my life, and here I am with my fellow Republicans, and we talk about getting the government off our backs. We talk about states’ rights. We talk about individual re-sponsibility all the time. And we talked lately about the doctor-patient relationship as being so important to us. 
And then we turn around and a ma-
jority of my colleagues on the Repub-lican side vote to have the Federal Government come in and step all over state’s rights, step all over the rights of the individual to control his life and consume for himself, make his own de-terminations. 
Individual freedom, limited govern-
ment—these are things that we sup-posedly believe in, but when it comes to the drug issue, no, no; we think the Federal Government has to come in and make that determination for peo-ple in their own lives. 
This is a threat to our freedom. My 
legislation will take a long step for-ward to making this a public issue. We should be debating this. 
I have been sponsoring legislation. 
My first legislation that was successful was last term in Congress, the one that these arrogant prosecutors are ignor-ing now that has actually been put into law that they can’t use their own re-sources, meaning their pay, their time, and their office in order to prosecute medical marijuana, but yet several of them are doing exactly that. That shows you how the law and how our constitutional rights are being threat-ened. 
I didn’t know what reaction my 
friends who are more conservative would have. I did not know that. I 
didn’t know that maybe some of them would just say: Well, that is a lot of ba-loney, and just go on using the cliches about the states’ rights and individual freedom and not really confront my ar-gument. That is what I thought most of them would do. 
But I asked a conservative friend of 
mine just to see what he would say. He is a retired naval officer—a pilot—and he is a typical conservative voter in my district, or in our area in southern California. 
I asked him: What is your reaction to 
the fact that the guy you supported these years is now the point person in legalizing medical marijuana? And this officer said to me: You know, you don’t know me very well, do you? 
I said: Well, I know you supported 
me. You are a retired military officer, and you are now engaged in the avia-
tion business. And he said: Yes, but what you don’t know is I have three 
sons. The day after 9/11, they all en-listed. 
I said: Yeah. And he said: Let me tell 
you what happened. Two of my sons came home whole. One son came home having seizure after seizure after sei-zure every day. 
Think of that. Your child, your hero 
marches off to war, and there he is, and you can’t control the situation. He is having seizures. 
They took him to the veterans hos-
pital, and the veterans hospital couldn’t do anything to help him. And then one veterans doctor pulled him aside and said: Come and see me off campus. I have got to tell you some-thing. He said: Here is a prescription for medical marijuana. That is what your son needs. I am not permitted to tell you that at the VA hospital. 
They did it. And this supporter of 
mine said: My son hasn’t had a seizure since. I saw him just a while ago, and he said: It has been 4 years, and my son is still not having seizures. How do I feel about you being the point man on legalizing medical marijuana? I want to give you a big hug. 
Well, guess what? There are people 
whose parents are dying or their fam-ily, their children, are going through seizures. My child recently had a prob-lem with leukemia. Why would I think that, if she was having a seizure and that would help stop it, that the Fed-eral Government should step in and prevent that? 
That is what we are doing. The 
American people need to wake up. My bill will take us a step in the right di-rection. 
I am asking my colleagues to support 
H.R. 1940. Do it because we believe in freedom. Do it because we believe in the well-being of the American people, and we believe in the system that our Founding Fathers decided of ultimate individual responsibility and freedom. That is what we are deciding, as well as the issue of whether or not some poor suffering soul shall be prevented from getting something that might alleviate their suffering. 
That is not the job of the Federal 
Government. We need to stand tall on this. My colleagues need to be honest and open with their own constituents, and they will find that they are more supportive than they think. 
With that said, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. L IPINSKI (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, April 27, 2015, at 8 p.m. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 172. A bill to designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–89). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1690. A bill to designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–90). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 1981. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to provide that an em-ployee’s ‘regular rate’ for purposes of calcu-lating overtime compensation will not be af-fected by certain additional payments; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. T IPTON , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. J ORDAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Mr. D UFFY , Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
CULBERSON , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. I SRAEL ): 
H.R. 1982. A bill to amend the Securities 
Investor Protection Act of 1970 to confirm that a customer’s net equity claim is based on the customer’s last statement and that certain recoveries are prohibited, to change how trustees are appointed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1983. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to ensure that the receipts and disbursements of the Social Security trust funds are not included in a unified Fed-eral budget and to provide that Social Secu-rity contributions are used to protect Social Security solvency by mandating that Trust Fund monies cannot be diverted to create private accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP7.075 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2463 April 23, 2015 
By Mr. D EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. S LAUGHTER ): 
H.R. 1984. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 and title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the cap on compensa-tion subject to the payroll tax, to reallocate payroll tax revenue to the Social Security Trust Funds, to apply the CPI-E to Social Security cost-of-living increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. 
W
ALDEN , and Mr. S TEWART ): 
H.R. 1985. A bill to prohibit treatment of 
gray wolves in Washington, Oregon, and Utah as endangered species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. ROUZER (for himself, Mr. S
EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. M ILLER  
of Michigan, and Mr. M EADOWS ): 
H.R. 1986. A bill to repeal the Environ-
mental Protection Agency’s most recent rule for new residential wood heaters; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. 
DEFAZIO): 
H.R. 1987. A bill to authorize appropria-
tions for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. R
YAN 
of Ohio, and Ms. K APTUR ): 
H.R. 1988. A bill to provide for the waiver 
of the Medicaid IMD limitation in order to permit Medicaid coverage for substance use disorder treatment services furnished to cer-tain individuals in a community-based insti-tution for mental diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. 
C
OFFMAN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, Mr. D OLD, Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
DIAZ-BALART , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. 
SMITH of Washington): 
H.R. 1989. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to authorize the enlistment in the Armed Forces of certain aliens who are unlawfully present in the United States and were younger than 15 years of age when they initially entered the United States, but who are otherwise qualified for enlistment, and to provide a mechanism by which such aliens, by reason of their honorable service in the Armed Forces, may be lawfully admit-ted to the United States for permanent resi-dence; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Ms. 
K
APTUR ): 
H.R. 1990. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to prohibit cer-tain discharges of dredged material into the Great Lakes System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself 
and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 1991. A bill to extend the authority of 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture to carry out the Fed-eral Lands Recreation Enhancement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COOK (for himself, Mrs. L
UM-
MIS, Mr. H IMES, Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mr. S CHRADER , and Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California): 
H.R. 1992. A bill to reduce temporarily the 
royalty required to be paid for sodium pro-duced on Federal lands, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 1993. A bill to permit the chief execu-
tive of a State to create an exemption from certain requirements of Federal environ-mental laws for producers of agricultural commodities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself, 
Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
BENISHEK , and Mr. M URPHY of Penn-
sylvania): 
H.R. 1994. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. Y OHO, and 
Mr. F INCHER ): 
H.R. 1995. A bill to prohibit the Depart-
ment of Housing and Urban Development from implementing certain regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1996. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to prohibit the assignment of social security account numbers to cer-tain individuals seeking employment in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. STEWART (for himself, Mrs. 
L
OVE, Mr. T IPTON , Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. S IMPSON , Mrs. L UMMIS , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. L AM-
BORN , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. B UCK, and Mr. 
CRAMER ): 
H.R. 1997. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to provide certain Western States assistance in the development of statewide conserva-tion and management plans for the protec-tion and recovery of sage-grouse species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for 
herself, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Ms. M ENG, Ms. B ASS, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. CHABOT , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and 
Mr. K ILMER ): 
H.R. 1998. A bill to continue operation of 
the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps, a Cyber Crimes Center, a Child Exploitation Investigations Unit, a Computer Forensics Unit, and a Cyber Crimes Unit to support the mission of the Homeland Security Investigations direc-torate of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement to combat the exploi-tation of children; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Ms. E
SHOO ): 
H.R. 1999. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to deny the right to grant retransmission consent to a television broad-cast station if an AM or FM radio broadcast station licensed to the same licensee trans-mits a sound recording without providing compensation for programming and to pro-hibit the Federal Communications Commis-sion from imposing radio tuner mandates for mobile devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Ms. 
K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and 
Mr. L ANGEVIN ): 
H.R. 2000. A bill to provide for a competi-
tive grant program for apprenticeship and internship programs through the Manufac-turing Extension Partnership Program; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. C
ONAWAY ): 
H.R. 2001. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the conditions under which certain persons may be treated as ad-judicated mentally incompetent for certain purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. G
IBSON , 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Ms. 
DELAURO ): 
H.R. 2002. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend expensing of en-vironmental remediation costs; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. 
R
IBBLE , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
SCHRADER , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. V ELA, Miss R ICEof New York, 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. G RA-
HAM, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
CARNEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M OULTON , 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. K IND, and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH ): 
H.R. 2003. A bill to amend the Improper 
Payments Elimination and Recovery Im-provement Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for im-proved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 2004. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide for more effec-tive online education verification metrics; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23AP7.100 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2464 April 23, 2015 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself 
and Mr. L EVIN): 
H.R. 2005. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require drug manufac-turers to provide drug rebates for drugs dis-pensed to low-income individuals under the Medicare prescription drug benefit program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 2006. A bill to amend SAFETEA-LU to 
ensure that projects that assist the estab-lishment of aerotropolis transportation sys-tems are eligible for certain grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 2007. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a grant program to assist the development of aerotropolis transportation systems, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mrs. 
M
CMORRIS RODGERS ): 
H.R. 2008. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for clarification re-garding the children to whom entitlement to educational assistance may be transferred under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2009. A bill to provide for the convey-
ance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. 
R
IBBLE , and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 2010. A bill to require the periodic re-
view and automatic termination of Federal regulations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
F
RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
RIGELL , and Mr. N UGENT ): 
H.R. 2011. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to remove the authority of the Secretaries of the military departments to revoke combat valor awards; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. KEATING: 
H.R. 2012. A bill to amend the Magnuson- 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to authorize competitive grants to support programs that address needs of fish-ing communities; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. M
EE-
HAN): 
H.R. 2013. A bill to strengthen and extend 
the authorization of appropriations for the Carol M. White Physical Education Program and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Ms. 
D
ELBENE, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ALZ, 
and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): 
H.R. 2014. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to carry out programs and ac-tivities that connect Americans, especially children, youth, and families, with the out-doors; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. 
M
CGOVERN , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mrs. 
LAWRENCE ): 
H.R. 2015. A bill to establish educational 
seminars at United States ports of entry to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection personnel to classify and ap-praise articles that are imported into the United States in accordance with the cus-toms laws of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. M EEKS ): 
H.R. 2016. A bill to end the use of body- 
gripping traps in the National Wildlife Ref-uge System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for 
herself and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California): 
H.R. 2017. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food estab-lishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2018. A bill to ensure that the Metro-
politan Washington Airports Authority com-plies with auditing standards; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 2019. A bill to prevent the reclassifica-
tion of certain ammunition as armor pierc-ing ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
V
ARGAS , and Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 2020. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to include foreign terrorist or-ganizations as enemies of the United States for purposes of treason, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2021. A bill to prohibit the expendi-
ture of Federal funds to Amtrak; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. 
RYAN of Ohio, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, 
and Ms. B ASS): 
H.R. 2022. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to cre-ate a demonstration project to fund addi-tional secondary school counselors in trou-bled title I schools to reduce the dropout rate; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 2023. A bill to reduce the annual rate 
of pay of Members of Congress if a Govern-ment shutdown occurs during a year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. 
V
ARGAS , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE): 
H.R. 2024. A bill to require mobile service 
providers and smartphone manufacturers to give consumers the ability to remotely de-lete data from smartphones and render 
smartphones inoperable; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. 
V
ARGAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. K IND, Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Ms. E STY, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. P INGREE , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Mr. P OLIS): 
H.R. 2025. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to provide for equal treat-ment of individuals in same-sex marriages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself and Ms. 
T
SONGAS ): 
H.R. 2026. A bill to enhance the sexual as-
sault prevention and response program of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 2027. A bill to support stabilization 
and lasting peace in northeast Nigeria and areas affected by Boko Haram through devel-opment of a regional strategy to support multilateral efforts to successfully protect civilians and eliminate the threat posed by Boko Haram, to support efforts to rescue fe-male students abducted in Nigeria on April 14, 2014, as well as other kidnapping victims of Boko Haram, and to provide funds for hu-manitarian relief, development programs, transitional justice, and victim support, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for 
himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
LANCE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. N EAL, 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.J. Res. 47. A joint resolution supporting 
the establishment of a Presidential Youth Council; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HAHN (for herself, Mr. R
ANGEL , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
GALLEGO , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. F ARR): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23AP7.100 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2465 April 23, 2015 
H. Con. Res. 41. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the peo-ple of United States have the Constitutional right to record law enforcement authorities, and they have the full protection of the law to the possession of the recording devices, and full protection of the law regarding data saved on the recording devices; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, 
Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. D OLD, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. E NGEL ): 
H. Res. 220. A resolution condemning the 
Government of Iran’s state-sponsored perse-cution of its Baha’i minority and its contin-ued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. 
R
YANof Ohio, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. V ELA, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. B ERA, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. W ALZ, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
AGUILAR , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY  
of New York, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
KENNEDY , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. T ORRES , and Ms. 
CLARKE of New York): 
H. Res. 221. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of April 2015 as ‘‘National Stress Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 1981. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority of congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress). 
By Mr. GARRETT: 
H.R. 1982. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’). 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1983. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 1984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: 
H.R. 1985. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly re-
ferred to as the ‘‘Commerce Clause’’ of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 1986. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 1987. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution 
By Ms. FUDGE: 
H.R. 1988. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
By Mr. DENHAM: 
H.R. 1989. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional Authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and sup-port an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 1990. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: 
H.R. 1991. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the 
United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 1992. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 1993. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The Con-
gress shall have Power to regulate Com-merce with Foreign Nations, and among sev-eral States, and with Indian Tribes. 
The Tenth Amendment—The powers not 
Delegated to the United States by the Con-stitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1994. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 1995. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 affords Con-
gress the power to legislate on this matter. The executive branch, through the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), has misinterpreted its authority under the Fair Housing Act of 1968, as dem-onstrated in its Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Rule. Two cases before the United States Supreme Court—Magner v. Gallagher and Mount Holly v. Mount Holly Gardens Citizens in Action—were settled less than a month before the Court entertained oral arguments. The plaintiffs were con-cerned that their challenges would not be af-firmed by the Court. The Court is currently considering a case, Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs v. The In-clusive Communities Project, which may set a precedent for the issue of ‘‘disparate im-pact.’’ Regardless, Congress has the legisla-tive authority to address the Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule head on and prevent that rule, or any substantially simi-lar successor rule. 
Section 3 of the bill promotes a core com-
ponent of our republic known as federalism. It requires the executive branch, through HUD, to consult with State and local offi-cials to further the purposes and policies of the Fair Housing Act. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1996. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. STEWART: 
H.R. 1997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 allows Congress ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Sates or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: 
H.R. 1998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1999. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23AP7.100 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2466 April 23, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—‘‘To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. VEASEY: 
H.R. 2000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 2001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of The Constitution of 
the United States 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 2002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS: 
H.R. 2003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 2004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: 
H.R. 2005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clauses 3 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 2006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 2007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 2008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 2010. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 3—Congress shall have 
power to regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 2011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution, 
which allows Congress ‘‘to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces’’, and ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof’’. 
By Mr. KEATING: 
H.R. 2012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 2013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 2014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 2015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 2019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 2020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 2021. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to 
time.’’ 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 2023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §6 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 2024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is introduced pursuant to 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitu-tion, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ In addi-tion, this legislation is introduced pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution, which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 2026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Military Regulation: Article I, Section 8, 
Clauses 14 and 18 
To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
and To make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 2027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.J. Res. 47. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 91: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 94: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 118: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 119: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 121: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 123: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.031 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2467 April 23, 2015 
H.R. 125: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 201: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 237: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 238: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 251: Mr. C ONYERS and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 263: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 266: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 268: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 282: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 372: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 448: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 449: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 472: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 473: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H.R. 500: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 539: Mr. H ANNA and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 578: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 592: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 594: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 611: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 619: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 642: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 653: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 654: Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 662: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 664: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
of California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi. 
H.R. 670: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 680: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 702: Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 706: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 711: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C APUANO , and 
Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 721: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 745: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
COLE. 
H.R. 842: Ms. Adams, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 855: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 879: Mr. H ECK of Nevada and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 880: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida. 
H.R. 893: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. B UCSHON , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. R USH, Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, Mr. D OLD, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 907: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C HABOT , and Ms. 
GABBARD . 
H.R. 942: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 969: Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. Maxine Waters 
of California, Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 980: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
ABRAHAM . 
H.R. 997: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky. 
H.R. 999: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1016: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1059: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1096: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1170: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1194: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1206: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 1233: Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1258: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
COFFMAN , and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1269: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1274: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAMof New Mexico. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1287: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mrs. B ROOKS  
of Indiana, and Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1308: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
DOLD, Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. B ABIN, and 
Ms. Graham. 
H.R. 1319: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1336: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. E STY, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
NOLAN , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1349: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
NORCROSS . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R OONEY of Flor-
ida, and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
RUSH, and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1404: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. N OR-
CROSS . 
H.R. 1431: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia and 
Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1432: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia and 
Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1434: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1441: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. Rogers of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 1493: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S HERMAN , 
and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1496: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1519: Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 1523: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
WESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1541: Mr. Ben Ray LujA ´n of New Mex-
ico, Mr. V ELA, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. 
H.R. 1557: Mr. C HAFFETZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C OHEN , and 
Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. D ENT, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. R EED, and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1572: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C LAWSON of Flor-
ida, and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1598: Mr. D OLDand Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. F LEISCHMANN and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1600: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
KNIGHT . 
H.R. 1607: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. S IRES, and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. P OCAN , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. P ETERSON , 
and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 1618: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1654: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1689: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1701: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 1718: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1732: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. M ICA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H ANNA , 
and Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky. 
H.R. 1734: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. 
WOMACK , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1782: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1801: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1833: Mr. V ELA, Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1834: Mr. R OSSand Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 1842: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. E LLI-
SON. 
H.R. 1845: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1854: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 1857: Ms. K APTUR and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1858: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1886: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1898: Mr. H OYER . 
H.R. 1900: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 1902: Ms. L EE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1904: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1905: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1908: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1923: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 1924: Ms. V ELAQUEZ , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
MCHENRY . 
H.R. 1926: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1928: Mr. W ALKER . 
H.R. 1936: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1937: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
WALDEN , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1967: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1968: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 1969: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.J. Res. 42: Mr. W ENSTRUP and Mr. 
DESANTIS . 
H.J. Res. 43: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. F LEMING , 
and Mr. M EADOWS . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H. Res. 26: Mr. R OYCE . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Res. 50: Mr. S IRES and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 54: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. B ERA, and Mr. L EWIS. 
H. Res. 56: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H. Res. 82: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H. Res. 95: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 128: Mr. J ONES and Mr. R OUZER . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H. Res. 147: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and 
Ms. B ASS. 
H. Res. 154: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 176: Mrs. B USTOS and Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio. 
H. Res. 181: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
MILLER of Florida, and Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H. Res. 188: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. C OOPER and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H. Res. 211: Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. 
CONYERS . 
H. Res. 216: Mr. R ANGEL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP7.025 H23APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2361 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2015 No. 60 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Our 
visiting Chaplain this day is the Rev-erend Ralph E. Williamson, senior pas-tor of First African Methodist Epis-copal Church in Las Vegas, NV. He will lead us in prayer. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Most gracious Master and our God, 
who has safely brought us to another day, grant these elected men and women in the United States Senate wisdom and Your divine guidance as they seek to take care of the business of this Nation. May Your invisible presence watch over and refresh their minds, encourage their thoughts, and invigorate their spirits to find the peaceful solutions and excellence for which they were elected. Allow every moment to serve as an opportunity to resolve their differences and move our great Nation forward. 
We pray in the Name of God, the Cre-
ator and Sustainer of us all. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION AND HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today we will be considering the Presi-dent’s nominee for Attorney General, 
Loretta Lynch. Last month I said the Senate would consider this nominee as soon as we passed an all-important antislavery bill, and today we will con-sider the nominee. We could not have been more pleased to see the legisla-tion, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act pass by an overwhelming majority of 99 to 0, yesterday. 
Senator C
ORNYN and the entire Re-
publican conference made this anti-slavery bill a priority because the suf-fering of these victims is simply uncon-scionable. As the new majority, we de-cided these victims had waited long enough. We wanted to make it an early legislative priority. It was time to act and finally to give the victims of mod-ern slavery the help and hope they have long waited for. 
Now, we can finally say that help is 
on the way. Victims, advocates, and all the Members of this body who nego-tiated in good faith, and Senator C
OR-
NYN in particular, who never gave up, 
should take heart in yesterday’s out-come. I would urge the House and the President to enact this bill quickly. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
another matter, last night we saw the latest example of committees getting back to work in a new Congress—get-ting back to work for the American people. The Finance Committee passed an important bipartisan bill, trade pro-motion authority, with broad support from both parties, 20 to 6—20 to 6. The chairman and ranking member of that committee, Senator H
ATCH and Sen-
ator W YDEN , worked hard to achieve 
the result we saw last night. 
Along with Chairman R YAN in the 
House, they put together an agreement that reflects the kind of honest com-promise they can take pride in. It pro-tects and enhances the role of Congress in the trade negotiating process, while ensuring that Presidents of either party—and I would remind our col-
leagues that this is a 6-year trade pro-motion authority bill. It will give to the next President the opportunity to negotiate additional trade agreements and send them to Congress for ap-proval. 
These agreements can boost our 
economy and support more high-qual-ity American jobs. Now, this bipartisan bill will move to the Senate floor. It is my hope to pass it during the current work period. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
the topic of committees getting back to work in the new Congress, we wit-nessed more evidence of that last week when the Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimously approved the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act. It is a bipartisan bill with many Republican and Democratic co-sponsors. It will ensure the American people are given a voice on one of the most important issues of our time. 
Chairman C
ORKER worked closely 
with Members of both parties both to craft a compromise bill and to advance it. Many have admired not just his hard work on this issue but his deter-mination as well. After all, who would have imagined that the White House, after trying to kill this bipartisan bill for months, would find itself forced to pull a near-total about-face. It is no wonder, though, because the core prin-ciple that has always underlined the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act— that Congress and the American people deserve a say in any nuclear deal that the President tries to cut with Iran—is more than just common sense. It is really a no-brainer. 
After all, preventing the world’s fore-
most state sponsor of terrorism from gaining access to nuclear weapons should be the goal of every Senator and every American, regardless of party. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.000 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2362 April 23, 2015 
is not a partisan issue. It is one of the 
greatest challenges to regional sta-bility, and the stakes are very high. 
Iran’s support of Hezbollah, the 
Assad regime, Shia militias in Iraq, and the Houthi insurgents in Yemen, coupled with its determination to ex-pand not just its nuclear capabilities but also its ballistic missile and con-ventional military capabilities, rep-resents an aggressive effort to expand the Iranian sphere of influence throughout the greater Middle East. 
Iran’s belligerent quest for nuclear 
weapons capabilities, its fierce deter-mination to undermine America’s standing in the region, and its violent pursuit of regional hegemony represent a grave, grave threat—not just to near-by nations in the Middle East, not just to our own country, but for that mat-ter to the entire world. So the stakes are indeed high. As we know, President Obama has been engaged in negotia-tions with the Iranians for some time now. Initially, we were led to believe that the point of these negotiations was to prevent—prevent—Iran from ob-taining nuclear weapons. 
But the administration’s focus ap-
pears to have shifted from reaching an agreement that would end Iran’s nu-clear program to reaching an agree-ment for agreement’s sake. That is the only way to interpret the interim agreement we saw recently. It would effectively bestow an international blessing for Iran to become a nuclear threshold state forever—forever on the edge of obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
The direction these negotiations 
have taken should be very worrying for Americans of every political stripe. What that simply underlines is the need for a measure such as the bipar-tisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
Here is what it would do. First, it 
would require that any final agreement reached with Iran be submitted to Con-gress for review. Second, it would re-quire that Congress be given time to hold hearings and, ultimately, take a vote to approve or disapprove any Iran agreement before congressional sanc-tions are lifted. 
Third, if a final deal ultimately does 
go forward, it would require the Presi-dent to certify back to Congress every 90 days that Iran remains in compli-ance with the agreement. And if the President is unable to do so, it would empower Congress to rapidly reimpose sanctions. In short, passing this bipar-tisan bill would give Congress and the American people important tools to as-sess any agreement reached by the ad-ministration before congressional sanc-tions can be lifted. 
Remember, it was due in no small 
measure to the congressional sanctions offered by Senator M
ARK KIRK, which 
passed this Chamber 100 to 0, 4 years ago, that Iran was forced to the negoti-ating table in the first place. The Obama administration fiercely opposed those bipartisan sanctions back then, just as it opposed the bipartisan bill before us soon until very recently. But 
those sanctions have been so effective that even the administration has had to embrace them. Congress was right then, and Congress is right now. 
We should not be negotiating away 
the leverage previous sanctions have given our country for a bad deal espe-cially agreed to for agreement’s sake. Look, no piece of legislation is perfect. Senators who would like to see this bill strengthened, as I would, will have that chance during a robust amend-ment process that we will soon have right here on this floor. This bill will be open for amendment. Those who seek to improve it will have an oppor-tunity to do that. But what we do know is that this bipartisan bill is un-derlined by a very solid principle and a lot of hard work. It represents a real opportunity to give the American peo-ple more of a say on this important issue. We look forward to a vigorous debate on it next week. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The Democratic leader is rec-
ognized. 
f 
WELCOMING THE GUEST 
CHAPLAIN 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, this morn-
ing I would like to extend a warm wel-come to the Reverend Dr. Ralph Williamson, of Las Vegas, NV, who opened the Senate today with such a beautiful prayer. For a dozen years, Dr. Williamson has served as senior pastor at the First African Methodist Epis-copal Church in North Las Vegas. 
During that time, Reverend 
Williamson has helped shepherd the First African American Episcopal Church through an expansion that in-cludes a beautiful new sanctuary. It is brand new. He is a devoted pastor, and he is beloved by a growing congrega-tion, which includes Senator C
ORY 
BOOKER ’s mother. 
CORY’s mom and aunt live in Las 
Vegas. It was there that his good dad died. I had the opportunity to meet his father before he passed away. They are so proud of their son, C
ORY—as well 
they should be—as they are proud of having worshiped in this church. 
The Apostle Paul wrote: ‘‘As we have 
therefore opportunity, let us do good to all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.’’ 
Reverend Williamson has heeded this 
admonition, doing good for the mem-bers of his flock and the people of all southern Nevada. Through Reverend Williamson’s leadership, the First Afri-can American Episcopal Church has be-come a source of faith and vital sup-port for the community. Reverend Williamson’s tireless efforts have pro-duced programs for youth, seniors, and the underprivileged. He has pioneered food banks, summer lunch programs, tutoring programs, and health min-istries. Just about everything that 
deals with helping people, he has done it. 
I appreciate his joining us today. I 
did not have the chance to tell him. We met earlier today. We had a ‘‘Welcome to Washington’’ with 60 or 70 people today. He gave the presentation to them and offered a prayer for those as-sembled. It was very warm and nice. But what I did not get a chance to tell him is that I believe the first leader of the flock, of this church in southern Nevada, was a man by the name of Al-bert Dunn. He was responsible for starting this first congregation. He was my friend, Reverend Dunn. He was a very, very devoutly religious man. To show you how far he went to help peo-ple in the community, this was a con-versation with his wife one day. She said: ‘‘You know, I wish you had talked to Reverend Dunn, because, oftentimes, we would get up in the morning and he had given away all the food to people who needed it.’’ 
So I have a warm remembrance of 
this church and Reverend Dunn. 
Dr. Williamson, thank you very 
much for your leadership. I appreciate it very much. 
f 
IRAN LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I look for-
ward to returning to the debate on the situation dealing with Iran. It is a very difficult issue. It is so important for the country and the world. 
I hope there can be some further ne-
gotiations when they finish these nego-tiations in June, at least something that will be received with popularity in 
the Senate. Democrats and Repub-licans will say: That is great. We are fi-nally able to get something done. Iran now can no longer use nuclear weapons because we have stopped them from doing so. I hope we arrive at that point, but we are not there yet. I wish so fervently that the negotiators can arrive at some agreement in the next couple of months. 
We are going to move to this bill as 
soon as we can. I hope we can do it sooner rather than later. 
The debate on these amendments 
that the Republican leader talked about are very significant. As the Re-publican leader said, there should be amendments offered. If people think they can improve the bill, there can be amendments offered. If people think there is stuff in the bill they simply don’t like and they don’t like all of this process, let them offer an amend-ment. We need robust debate. We have to make sure that attention is focused on this issue and nothing else. 
I look forward to seeing what I can 
work out with my friend, the senior Senator from Kentucky, the majority leader of the Senate, to see when we can move to this bill. 
f 
LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Wall 
Street Journal had a great editorial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.001 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2363 April 23, 2015 
today. To show you how senseless it 
was, I will read the headline: ‘‘The GOP uses its advice and consent power to beat H
ARRY REID.’’ 
Think about that, a major newspaper 
in this country has the audacity to say: ‘‘The GOP [Republicans] uses its advice and consent power to beat H
ARRY  
REID.’’ 
Reading the editorial, what they are 
talking about is that the Republicans were very smart in delaying Loretta Lynch to be confirmed. The reason she was delayed is because a very vital issue came up with the trafficking bill. It dealt with women’s reproductive rights, and it took a long time to work that out. In fact, it took a long enough time to work it out until the Repub-licans capitulated to what we wanted. 
We protected the women’s right to 
choose. The Hyde language no longer allows, as was in the underlying legis-lation, the Hyde language to apply to nontaxpayer money. So for them to say they beat H
ARRY REID, they didn’t beat 
HARRY REID. What they did was beat up 
on themselves. 
To think that they beat H ARRY REID, 
I repeat, all they did was beat up on themselves. 
Later today, the Senate will do some-
thing it should have done months ago, confirm Loretta Lynch as the 83rd At-torney General of the United States. 
She is as qualified a candidate as I 
have ever seen in this Senate, which is more than three decades—so qualified, in fact, today will mark the third time she has been confirmed by the Senate. 
Twice before, Loretta Lynch was 
unanimously confirmed as the U.S. at-torney for the Eastern District of New York. By all accounts, Loretta Lynch’s confirmation this time around should have sailed through the Senate. For a while, it seemed it would. We had Sen-ators, Republican Senators, saying what a wonderful woman she is. She is great. They were very vocal in their support. The senior Senator from Utah, the senior Senator from South Caro-lina, the junior Senator from Arizona— but it soon became apparent the Re-publican leadership pressed these peo-ple a little bit, and suddenly they weren’t as interested in moving the Lynch confirmation along, even though that is what they said they should do. Her nomination has dragged on for months. 
In fact, I repeat, she has waited 
longer to be confirmed than the first 54 Attorneys General combined, longer than Attorneys General nominated by every President from George Wash-ington to Woodrow Wilson. 
What should have been a quick con-
firmation would be anything but that. Instead, Ms. Lynch became the first Attorney General nominee in history to be filibustered. 
The editorial from the newspaper is 
very insulting. They said: ‘‘Mr. R
EID 
accused Republicans of racism and sexism.’’ 
I dare—I dare anyone to find a single 
word that I said dealing with race or sex. I didn’t do that, but maybe that is 
something the Republicans hoped I would do, but I didn’t do that. 
There was even a hunger strike. Now, 
listen to this, the depth of this edi-torial from the Wall Street Journal: 
Al Sharpton’s activist group vowed a hun-
ger strike until Ms. Lynch received a vote. (Al, please go through with it.) 
I guess I was naive in thinking my 
Republican colleagues would treat Lo-retta Lynch with the dignity she and her office deserved. Perhaps my mis-take was forgetting that for Repub-licans, this isn’t about Loretta Lynch, it is about President Obama because Republicans will do everything, any-thing they can to make President Obama’s life more difficult. They said they would do that when he was elect-ed, and they have stuck with it. 
President Obama’s Cabinet officials 
have been treated worse than any President in history. Today’s vote on Loretta Lynch marks the seventh clo-ture vote the Republicans have forced on a Cabinet official during the Obama administration. 
Forcing cloture, that is terminating 
the filibuster, was something that was rare in the entire history of this coun-try. It used to be Cabinet officials were filibustered only in the most extreme circumstances, but once Ms. Lynch is confirmed, five sitting members of the President’s Cabinet will have been fili-bustered by Senate Republicans. 
To put that in contrast, it rarely 
happened before, rarely. Unlike today’s Senate Republicans, Democrats showed restraint in our disagreements with the President’s appointments. We showed great deference to his choices for the President, and by that I am talking about the last President, George W. Bush. 
Some may say that is water under 
the bridge. There will be those Repub-licans who, after confirming Loretta Lynch today, will say all’s well that ends well. They are wrong. 
While I am pleased she will be con-
firmed as Attorney General, her nomi-nation process is proof of all that is wrong with Republican Senate leader-ship. Senate Republicans made Loretta Lynch’s nomination linger more than 10 times longer than the average Attor-ney General—and you have heard what I said before about that—just to spite Barack Obama. 
The viciousness with which the ma-
jority leader’s party has treated the President is unconscionable and is bad for our country. Republicans have be-come so blinded by their nastiness that they have even made filibusters of Cab-inet officials the norm around here. The first time we had a Defense Sec-retary filibustered, they did it. The first time for an Attorney General, they did it. 
How sad that in the future we can ex-
pect delayed and filibustered nomina-tions such as Loretta Lynch to no longer be the exception but the rule. This is so unfortunate that this is how Republicans portend to govern. Mr. President, what is the order of 
the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF LORETTA E. 
LYNCH TO BE ATTORNEY GEN-ERAL 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will proceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 hours of debate equally divided in the usual form. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REID. I ask unanimous consent 
that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I didn’t re-
alize the time in the quorum call would be equally divided, so I ask unanimous consent that the time be equally charged to both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, we 
will be voting soon on confirmation of Ms. Lynch to be the Attorney General of the United States of America. That office is a part of the President’s Cabi-net, but it also is the office of the chief law officer for America. The Attorney General is the top official in our gov-ernment who is required to adhere to the law, even to the point of telling the President ‘no’ if he gets it in his head, as Presidents sometimes do, to do something that violates the law—just as corporate lawyers sometimes do for the CEO of corporations. ‘Mr. Presi-dent, you can’t do this. This is wrong. Don’t do this.’ 
Some Attorneys General have been 
known to resign before they would carry out policies that violate the law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.003 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2364 April 23, 2015 
We are deeply concerned in this coun-
try about the President’s Executive amnesty—the unlawfulness of it, the breadth of it, and the arrogance of it to the point that it is a direct assault on congressional power and legitimacy, a direct attack on laws passed by the People’s representatives; we have a big problem. Ms. Lynch has said flat-out that she supports those policies and is committed to defending them in court against any complaint about them. 
I think Congress has a real role here. 
We do not have to confirm someone to the highest law enforcement position in America if that person is publicly committed to denigrating Congress, violating the laws of Congress, or vio-lating even the wishes of Congress and the American people. We do not have to confirm anybody. It is a power Con-gress is given. The President is assert-
ing powers he has never been given anywhere in the Constitution or by the American people, but if we don’t con-firm Ms. Lynch, we will be doing what we have a right to do, and what I think we should do. 
I am pleased that Mr. Andrew McCar-
thy, who prosecuted some of the top terrorist cases in America as a former U.S. attorney or as an assistant U.S. attorney, is very critical and is very strongly of the belief that Ms. Lynch should not be confirmed. He says this: 
A vote against Ms. Lynch’s confirmation is 
not an assessment that she has performed in-competently or unethically in her prior gov-ernment positions. It is a vote against the President’s blatantly unconstitutional pol-icy and against Ms. Lynch’s support of that policy. Senators are bound by oath to uphold the Constitution; Ms. Lynch’s prior, laudable record as a federal prosecutor cannot over-come her commitment to violating the Con-stitution. 
We have a right to assert that. We 
are paid to make decisions about that. I think that Mr. McCarthy is correct. Congress was given certain powers as a coequal branch of government, not only to protect the Congress as an in-stitution but to restrain other govern-ment branches from overreaching. One of those powers is the Senate’s power to confirm or not confirm, and this check on Executive powers can be used as Congress sees fit. But it should not be abused, just as the President should not use his nominees to abuse the Con-stitution or to advance an unlawful agenda. The Attorney General is the top law enforcement officer in the country. This is not traditionally a po-litical position. It is a law position. Anyone who occupies the office must serve the American people under the laws and the Constitution of the United States. They are not above the law. 
The Supreme Court has clearly held 
that the President is subjected to the laws. It has always been the case and always has been a part of the law of the land. The Senate must never confirm an individual to an office such as this who will support and advance a scheme that violates our Constitution and eviscerates established law and Con-gressional authority. No person who 
would do that should be confirmed. We do not need to be apologetic about it. 
Ms. Lynch has announced that she 
supports and, if confirmed, would ad-vance the President’s unlawful Execu-tive amnesty scheme—a scheme that would provide work permits, trillions in Social Security and Medicare bene-fits, tax credits of up to $35,000 a year— according to the Congressional Re-search Service—and even the possi-bility of chain migration and citizen-ship to those who have entered our country illegally or overstayed their lawful period of admission. The Presi-dent has done this even though Con-gress has repeatedly rejected legisla-tion he supports that would allow this scheme to be implemented. He asked for it, Congress considered it, and Con-gress said ‘no.’ 
President Obama’s unlawful and un-
constitutional Executive action nul-lifies current immigration law to a de-gree most people have not fully grasped. The Immigration and Nation-ality Act is the law of the land, and his actions replace it with the very meas-ures Congress refused to adopt. Even King George III didn’t have the power to legislate without Parliament. 
During her confirmation hearing in 
the Judiciary Committee, I asked Ms. Lynch plainly whether she supported the President’s unilateral decision to make his own immigration laws. 
Here is the relevant portion of the 
transcript: 
Mr. S ESSIONS : I have to have a clear answer 
to this question—Ms. Lynch, do you believe the executive action announced by President Obama on November 20 is legal and Constitu-tional? Yes or no? 
Ms. Lynch: As I’ve read the opinion,— 
That is, the opinion of the Depart-
ment of Justice, which would be under her supervision— 
I do believe it is, Senator. 
Of course, the lawful duty of the At-
torney General is to enforce the law that exists, not one that she or the President wish existed. One of the most stunning elements of the President’s scheme is the grant of work permits to up to 5 million illegal immigrants— taking jobs directly from citizens and legal immigrants in our country at a time of high unemployment and low wages. 
Peter Kirsanow, Commissioner on 
the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, has written at length about how this undermines the rights of U.S. workers, especially African-American workers, and other minorities suffering from high unemployment. He says: Those citizens who are suffering from high unemployment and low wages have their rights undermined when the President ignores plain law that pro-tects them from an excessive surge of illegal workers. 
So at her confirmation hearing, I 
asked Ms. Lynch about what she might do to protect the rights of U.S. work-ers. By the way, Attorney General Holder, our current Attorney General, astoundingly, in comments he made 
some months ago, declared that there is a civil right to citizenship in Amer-ica for people who enter the country unlawfully. How can this possibly be, that the Attorney General can get so removed from his responsibility to en-force the law that he says that if some-one comes into the country unlawfully, they have a civil right to citizenship? 
That was part of the reason I asked 
her this question: 
Mr. S ESSIONS : Who has more right to a job 
in this country? A lawful immigrant who’s here or a citizen—or a person who entered the country unlawfully? 
Ms. Lynch: I believe that the right and the 
obligation to work is one that’s shared by everyone in this country regardless of how they came here. And certainly, if someone is here, regardless of status, I would prefer that they would be participating in the workplace than not participating in the workplace. 
So this individual would be the chief 
law enforcement of our country, and I believe that is a fundamentally flawed statement and comment. It is unprece-dented for someone who is seeking the highest law enforcement office in America to declare that someone in the country illegally has a right to a job when the law says if you are here ille-gally, you cannot work. 
This Nation is—as George Wash-
ington University law Professor Jona-than Turley, who has testified a num-ber of times here, often called by a number of our Democratic colleagues, put it—at ‘‘a constitutional tipping point.’’ Professor Turley, who is a na-tionally recognized constitutional scholar and self-described supporter of President Obama, testified before the House of Representatives in February 2014, nine months before the President announced his unprecedented executive action, and said: 
The current passivity of Congress rep-
resents a crisis of faith for members willing to see a president assume legislative powers in exchange for insular policy gains. The short-term, insular victories achieved by this President will come at a prohibitive cost if the current imbalance is not corrected. Constitutional authority is easy to lose in the transient shift of politics. It is far more difficult to regain. If a passion for the Con-stitution does not motivate members, per-haps a sense of self-preservation will be enough to unify members. President Obama will not be our last president. However, these acquired powers will be passed to his succes-sors. When that occurs, members may loathe the day that they remained silent as the power of government shifted so radically to the Chief Executive. The powerful person-ality that engendered this loyalty will be gone, but the powers will remain. We are now at the constitutional tipping point of our system. If balance is to be reestablished, it must begin before this President leaves of-fice and that will likely require every pos-sible means to reassert legislative authority. 
One of those means is the advice and 
consent power to approve or disapprove nominees for high office. It was created for just such a time as this. It is a le-gitimate constitutional power of Con-gress. It is not only appropriate but necessary that the Senate refuse to confirm a President’s nominee when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.004 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2365 April 23, 2015 
that President has overreached and as-
sumed the legislative powers of Con-gress. It is particularly necessary when the President’s nominee is being ap-pointed specifically for the improper purpose of advancing the President’s unconstitutional overreach—all through powers of the office to which they have been nominated. 
Mr. President, we have a number of 
problems with regard to executive branch overreach and executive branch failure to be responsive to Congress. When Members of Congress ask legiti-mate questions, we often don’t get an-swers from the people who are paid by the taxpayers and who are authorized by us. I believe that is another matter we need to consider before we confirm people. The Department of Justice has been recalcitrant too often in pro-ducing information it should produce. 
I wish to go a little bit further be-
cause some of this goes to the core of the issues before us. Is this just a pol-icy dispute between Congress and the President? No, it goes much deeper than that. The actions of the President are stunning—beginning with his so- called Morton memos. He had an un-derling carry out orders to achieve what he wanted done, which is often how he has proceeded with these un-lawful activities. I will point out some of them. 
Beginning with the Morton memos in 
2011—under the guise of prosecutorial discretion based on limited resources— the Administration began to flaunt clearly written provisions of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act, such as section 235, which requires the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to place illegal aliens into removal proceedings to be deported once they are found. Section 235 requires DHS to do that, they do not have any discretion there. 
In direct contradiction of clearly 
written law, the Morton memos gen-erally directed U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to refuse to initiate removal proceedings against certain aliens, and to adminis-tratively close or terminate such pro-ceedings if they had been initiated. Thus began the opening salvo in the Administration’s assault on our immi-gration laws. This is huge. Officers re-spond to the President’s leadership. 
The following year, June 2012, the 
Administration created, through Exec-utive fiat, a program that Congress consistently refused to enact into law—the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or DACA. This program not only shielded certain illegal aliens from the threat of removal, but it also provided them with work authoriza-tion, the ability to travel outside of the United States without fear of being refused reentry through grants of ad-vanced parole. It gave them a Social Security number and a photo ID. 
By the way, colleagues, this resulted 
in the Immigration and Customs En-forcement officers being so concerned at this radical reversal of the laws of the United States that they filed a law-suit against their supervisors asserting 
that they were being required to vio-late the law of the United States rath-er than being allowed to carry out their sworn duty, which was to enforce the laws of the United States. 
The judge was sympathetic to the 
matter, but for technical and legal rea-sons, concluded that the case would not go forward, but I believe it is still on appeal now. 
This is remarkable. There are law of-
ficers—many of them have been in law enforcement for 10, 20, 30 years—who sued their supervisors because they were being ordered to violate the law instead of enforce the law. We ought to listen to them. They have repeatedly told us that what is happening is out-rageous and they pleaded with Con-gress to stop it. 
But then in November of last year, 
after Congress refused to pass the Ad-ministration’s preferred legislation providing amnesty to illegal aliens, the Administration created, through Exec-utive fiat, a number of other programs that further eroded enforcement of our immigration laws. Notably, the two most visible programs are the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, the so- called DAPA Program, and an ex-panded version of DACA, both of which were blessed by the Department of Jus-tice, the Office of Legal Counsel, and the Attorney General—wrong, unlawful actions blessed by the chief law en-forcement officer in the country. 
Less visible are policies that prevent 
the enforcement of immigration laws against certain criminal aliens, such as the November 20, 2014 memorandum from Jeh Johnson, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, en-titled ‘‘Policies for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Undocu-mented Immigrants.’’ That memo ex-cludes from enforcement priority cat-egories whole categories of criminal of-fenses defined in sections 2(a)(2) and 237(a)(2) of the INA. 
We have observed a decimation of 
law enforcement in this country in-volving immigration as a direct result of the President’s determination to create an immigration system that he believes is right, but the People, through their elected Congress, have refused to make law. This is a direct threat to who we are. 
Professor Turley is so insightful 
about this issue. This is not some rightwing extremist. In testimony be-fore the House committee, he said: 
I believe the President has exceeded his 
brief. The President is required to faithfully execute the laws. 
He goes on to say: 
This goes to the very heart of what is the 
Madisonian system. If a president can unilat-erally change the meaning of laws in sub-stantial ways or refuse to enforce them, it takes offline that very thing that stabilizes our system. I believe the members will loathe the day that they allow that to hap-pen. There will be more presidents who will claim the same authority. 
When I teach constitutional law, I often 
ask my students, what is the limiting prin-ciple of your argument? When that question 
is presented to this White House, too often it’s answered in the first person, that the President is the limiting principle or at least the limiting person. We can’t rely on that type of assurance in our system. 
Madison knew no one can be given 
total power without limits. 
Professor Turley goes on to say: 
The problem of what the President is doing 
is that he is not simply posing a danger to the constitutional system; he is becoming the very danger the Constitution was de-signed to avoid: that is, the concentration of power in any single branch. This Newtonian orbit that the three branches exist in is a delicate one, but it is designed to prevent this type of concentration. 
When asked explicitly if he believed 
the President violated the Constitu-tion, he said, as I quoted before, ‘‘The center of gravity is shifting, and that makes it unstable. And within that system you have the rise of an uber presidency. There could be no greater 
danger for individual liberty, and I really think that the framers would be horrified by that shift because every-thing they’ve dedicated themselves to was creating this orbital balance, and we’ve lost it. . . . ’’ 
He goes on to say to Congress as a 
challenge to us: 
I believe that [Congress] is facing a critical 
crossroads in terms of continued relevance in this process. What this body cannot become is a debating society where it can issue rules and laws that are either complied with or not complied with by the president. I think that’s where we are . . . [A] president cannot ignore an express statement on policy grounds . . . [In] terms of the institutional issue . . . look around you. Is this truly the body that existed when it was formed? 
So he was sitting there in the House 
of Representatives and he was talking to Members of Congress and said: 
. . . look around you. Is this truly the body 
that existed when it was formed? Does it have the same gravitational pull and author-ity that was given to it by its framers? You’re the keepers of this authority. You took an oath to uphold it. And the framers assumed that you would have the institu-tional wherewithal and, frankly, ambition to defend the turf that is the legislative branch. 
I think we need to—without apol-
ogy—defend the law, and I think this is in the Congress’ interest. Congress should not confirm someone to lead the U.S. Department of Justice who will advance this unconstitutional policy. Congress has a limited number of pow-ers to defend the rule of law and itself as an institution and to stop the execu-tive branch from overreaching. It is un-thinkable that we would ignore one of those powers in the face of such a di-rect threat to our constitutional order—an escalating pattern of over-reach by the President. 
Every day that we allow the Presi-
dent to erode the powers of the Con-gress, we are allowing the President to erode the sacred constitutional rights of the citizens we serve. We have a duty to this institution and to the American people not to confirm some-one who is not committed to those principles but rather who will continue to violate them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.007 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2366 April 23, 2015 
I will oppose this nomination and 
urge my colleagues to do so. I think we should see a bipartisan vote rejecting this nomination, and in doing so, Con-gress will send a clear message that we expect the President to abide by the law passed by Congress, not to violate it. 
Mr. President, I thank the Chair, and 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. For almost 2 months, I 
have been returning to the Senate floor to urge the majority leader to schedule the confirmation vote for our next At-torney General. Yesterday afternoon, we were finally able to get an agree-ment that was long overdue. But even now, this morning, we are not voting to confirm Loretta Lynch to be the next Attorney General of the United States; we are going to vote on whether to in-voke cloture in regard to this top law enforcement position. 
For those not familiar with the rules 
of the Senate, cloture is a rule that al-lows the Senate to end a filibuster. 
The fact that Senate Republicans are 
requiring a cloture vote on her nomina-tion acknowledges what we have known all along: Republicans have been engaged in an unprecedented fili-buster of this nomination. 
When we do vote to confirm Loretta 
Lynch this afternoon, she will be the first African-American woman to serve as Attorney General. She is a historic nominee, but it is Senate Republicans who are making history—and I would say for the wrong reasons. We have had 82 Attorneys General in our Nation’s history. Until now, not one of those 82 has had to overcome a cloture vote. But this one, Loretta Lynch, as I said, the first African-American woman to serve as Attorney General, became the first and only to have to overcome a cloture vote. 
I would have opposed any filibuster 
on any President. I have been here with President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, President Bush, President Clinton, another President Bush, and President Obama. Neither Republicans nor Democrats have seen this. 
President Obama first announced Ms. 
Lynch’s nomination more than 5 months ago. At the time, Senate Democrats acceded to the request of Senate Republicans not to move her nomination during the lame duck pe-riod. Republicans promised that she would be treated fairly. 
In fact, last fall, the now-majority 
leader promised that ‘‘Ms. Lynch will receive fair consideration by the Sen-ate. And her nomination should be con-sidered in the new Congress through regular order.’’ But she hasn’t been treated fairly. There hasn’t been reg-ular order. 
The nomination of Ms. Lynch has 
been pending in the Senate awaiting confirmation for 56 days. I went back over the last seven Attorneys General. I added up the number of days they waited for confirmation on the floor. 
She has waited longer than all seven of them put together twice over, so twice as long as the seven preceding Repub-lican and Democratic Attorneys Gen-eral combined: Richard Thornburgh, 1 day; William Barr, 5 days; Janet Reno, 1 day; John Ashcroft, 2 days, Alberto Gonzales, 8 days; Michael Mukasey, 2 days; and Eric Holder, 5 days. I have said it repeatedly, but it bears repeat-ing again: this historic delay is an em-barrassment for the United States Sen-ate. 
As the U.S. attorney for the Eastern 
District of New York, Ms. Lynch brought terrorists and cyber criminals to justice. She obtained convictions against corrupt public officials from both political parties. She fought tire-lessly against violent crime and finan-cial fraud. Ms. Lynch has protected the rights of victims. She has a proven record prosecuting human traffickers and protecting children. 
I am glad that yesterday the Senate 
was finally able to overcome an im-passe on trafficking legislation which, unfortunately, those on the other side of the aisle caused by injecting par-tisan politics into the debate. That Re-publican leaders tied a vote on the con-firmation of Ms. Lynch to human traf-ficking legislation never made sense at all, especially given her strong record of prosecuting human traffickers. 
In a recent article, the Guardian 
rightly pointed out that the Repub-lican leaderships’ use of her nomina-tion as a negotiating chip was ‘‘pain-fully wrongheaded—tantamount to holding the sheriff back until crime goes away.’’ I could not agree more. I ask unanimous consent that the Guardian article be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
We all know that Loretta Lynch is 
eminently qualified to be our next At-torney General. She should not have been delayed for so many months by the Senate majority. And we should not be forced to vote to cut off debate on this nomination, especially when no other Attorney General nominee has ever needed such a vote. This is the complete opposite of the fair treatment that Senate Republicans promised last November. After this extended delay on the Lynch nomination, I can only hope Senate Republicans will show her more respect as Attorney General of the United States than she has received as a nominee. She deserves our respect and gratitude for being willing to con-tinue to serve our Nation. She has earned this respect. 
Ms. Lynch’s story is one of persever-
ance, grace, and grit and I believe this process will only make her stronger. She was born and raised in North Caro-lina. She is the daughter of a fourth- generation Baptist preacher and a school librarian. Her proud mother and father instilled in her the American values of fairness and equality, even though as a child those around them were not living up to these values. I must say that meeting Reverend 
Lynch at these hearings and then meeting him at the time of the mark-up—I was so impressed with the strength that man showed and his sense of faith in goodness. This is a pastor and a preacher we can all look up to. In fact, Ms. Lynch recalls riding on Reverend Lynch’s shoulders to their church, where students organized peaceful protests against racial seg-regation. The freedom songs and the church music that went hand in hand with those protests undoubtedly made up the sound track of her childhood. As Attorney General, I am sure she will draw upon those childhood experiences and the struggles of her parents, her grandparents, and her great-grand-parents when addressing the current protests over too many young lives lost on our streets. 
As I said, the Judiciary Committee 
was honored to have her father, the Reverend Lorenzo Lynch, with us on both days of her hearing in January, as well as at the committee markup when her nomination was favorably reported with bipartisan support. He is here to watch these proceedings today. It is clear this undoubtedly proud father in-stilled in his daughter the great resil-ience she has shown over the past 6 months. 
As a Senator, as have other Senators, 
I have gotten to meet wonderful people from all walks of life, up to and includ-ing Presidents, but I have said many times before and I will say again that meeting Reverend Lynch was really a very special moment in this Senator’s life. 
Throughout Loretta Lynch’s life, 
those who encountered her intelligence and her tenacity have not all been pre-pared to accept her and her impressive accomplishments. But at every point, the content of her character has shone through and led her to even greater heights. 
In elementary school, administrators 
did not believe that Loretta Lynch could score as high as she did on a standardized test. They demanded that she retake the test. How could this young African-American girl score so high? She took the test again and her second score was even higher. 
In high school, she rose to the very 
top of her class but had to share the title of valedictorian with two other students, one of whom was White, be-cause school administrators feared an African-American valedictorian was too controversial. But that didn’t hold her back, either. She kept going for-ward. She went on to graduate with honors from Harvard College, and then she went on and earned her law degree from Harvard Law School. 
This has been the story of Loretta 
Lynch’s life. While some are not ready to embrace her distinction, she marches forward with grace to prove she is even stronger and more qualified than her detractors can imagine. She has dedicated the majority of her re-markable career to public service, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.008 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2367 April 23, 2015 
we are fortunate as a nation that she 
wants to continue to serve. 
Ms. Lynch’s record of accomplish-
ments makes me confident she will be able to lead the Justice Department through the complex challenges it faces today. 
One issue the outgoing Attorney 
General prioritized was the protection of Americans’ right to vote. After the Supreme Court’s disastrous ruling in Shelby County v. Holder, Republican governors and State legislatures ex-ploited the decision and implemented sweeping voter suppression laws that disproportionately affect African Americans and other minorities. Ms. Lynch will have to continue the com-mitment to fighting voting rights for all Americans. 
At a time of severe budget cuts for 
too many vital programs that help vic-tims and support public safety, some-thing must be done about the massive financial burden that is the Bureau of Prisons. One-third of DOJ’s budget goes to BOP. This imbalance has large-ly been driven by our reliance on drug mandatory minimum sentences, which do not make us safer but are costing us plenty. These sentences explain why the United States has the largest pris-on population in the world. We must work together on more thoughtful so-lutions to address our mass incarcer-ation problem. 
Few issues affect communities and 
families as intimately as addiction. Vermont, like many parts of the coun-try, has seen a recent surge in the abuse of heroin and other opioids. The Department must work with States to find solutions to support communities struggling with heroin and other opioids, and help them break the cycle of addiction. 
The Attorney General will also be 
called upon to build on the sometimes strained relationship between law en-forcement and communities of color, which has been exacerbated by the re-cent tragic events in Ferguson, New York, and South Carolina. Restoring that trust will be as great a responsi-bility as she will have while in office. 
Nor are these issues of trust limited 
to local law enforcement. Just the other day, a Washington Post article detailed the fact that the Justice De-partment and the FBI acknowledged numerous instances of flawed testi-mony by FBI examiners over a two- decade period in connection with hair analysis evidence. This included dozens of cases involving defendants who were sentenced to death row. This troubling revelation means that the FBI must conduct a comprehensive analysis to prevent future breakdowns such as this. 
The Justice Department must also 
keep up with the rapid development of technology. We must stay ahead of the curve to prevent and fight threats to cybersecurity and data privacy. The growing threat of cyber crime is very real but so is the specter of unchecked government intrusion into our private lives—particularly dragnet surveil-
lance programs directed at American citizens. The intelligence community faces a critical deadline this June when three sections of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act are set to ex-pire. We must protect our national se-curity and our civil liberties. We must work together to reform our Nation’s surveillance laws so we can achieve both goals and restore the public’s trust. 
When President Obama announced 
his intention to nominate Ms. Lynch last November, I had the privilege of attending the White House ceremony. At that event, Ms. Lynch noted with admiration that ‘‘the Department of Justice is the only cabinet department named for an ideal.’’ Just think of that. The Department of Justice is named for an ideal—the ideal of jus-tice. And having served as a State pros-ecutor, although not with the com-plexity she has encountered, I always felt that was an ideal to uphold, and she has. I believe that when Loretta Lynch is sworn in as our next Attorney General, she will work tirelessly to make that ideal a reality for all Ameri-cans. 
As I said, I am sorry that for the first 
time, after 82 Attorneys General, we have to have a cloture vote. I have great respect for my friends in the Re-publican leadership, but I must say they sent an awful signal to America in saying that for the first time in 82 At-torneys General, we require a cloture vote for this highly qualified woman. 
I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Guardian, Apr. 21, 2015] 
LORETTA LYNCH ‘LED THE NATION ’ ONHUMAN  
TRAFFICKING DESPITE REPUBLICAN STANDOFF  
(By Tom McCarthy) 
Republican leaders say they’ll hold up 
Lynch’s confirmation until trafficking bill passes—and yet Lynch has been one of Amer-ica’s boldest pursuers of sex traffickers, Guardian review reveals. 
After almost six months, the Republican 
blockade on the confirmation of Loretta Lynch as the next US attorney general— once a grand fight over immigration, then banking prosecutions, then abortion—ap-pears headed for a final legislative showdown over protecting victims of sex trafficking. 
But the biggest Congressional headache of 
the year—a single cabinet nomination effec-tively hijacking the legislative calendar— has culminated in ‘‘a very sad irony’’: Lynch has been one of the country’s premier guard-ians of victims of sex trafficking, and a tire-less scourge of sex traffickers, a review of her record and conversations with current and former colleagues reveal. 
Lynch—according to prosecutors, officials 
and victims’ advocates familiar with her ten-ure as US attorney for the eastern district of New York—has a prodigious history of throwing sex traffickers in prison, breaking up prostitution rings, rescuing underage vic-tims forced to work as prostitutes and re-uniting mothers held captive by the rings with their long-lost children. 
Heading into what could be the final day of 
protracted negotiations over her job as the nation’s highest law enforcement officer, Lynch’s supporters spoke at length with the 
Guardian about what they say is one of the most powerful legacies of her tenure. 
Republicans have not challenged Lynch’s 
record as a prosecutor of sex trafficking—or any other part of her record. But Senate ma-
jority leader Mitch McConnell has clung to an announcement that he would hold up her nomination until the Senate completed work on the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which would create a compensation fund for victims. Republican and Democratic senators are squabbling over abortion lan-guage in the bill. 
‘‘I had hoped to turn to her next week, but 
if we can’t finish the trafficking bill, she will be put off again,’’ McConnell said. More than a month later, that hold is still in place, al-though Republicans aides on Friday signaled potential new movement on the nomination, after President Obama called the delay ‘‘em-barrassing’’. 
To those with close knowledge of Lynch’s 
record on human trafficking, the hold-up has not been embarrassing, so much as painfully wrong-headed—tantamount to holding the sheriff back until crime goes away. 
Carol Robles-Roma ´n, who in 12 years as 
deputy mayor of New York City worked closely with Lynch’s office to stop young girls from falling victim to sex traffickers, said Lynch had made ‘‘protecting the most vulnerable members of our society a hall-mark of her tenure’’. 
‘‘The irony that it’s a trafficking bill 
that’s holding everything up is just . . . it’s a very sad irony,’’ said Robles-Roma ´n, who 
now runs the nonprofit Legal Momentum. ‘‘The fact of the matter is, with this record, she has been one of the top leaders in the country around the fight against human trafficking. 
‘‘This is such a difficult area for prosecu-
tors to wrap their hands around. And her of-fice, the eastern district, has really distin-guished itself in the cases that they have brought, and the fearlessness that they have shown in prosecuting these cases.’’ 
‘
HEINOUS ’ CASES WITH REAL RESOLUTIONS  
Lori Cohen, director of the anti-trafficking 
initiative at New York-based Sanctuary for Families, has worked closely with Lynch’s office, including to reunite victims of sex trafficking with their children, who in mul-tiple cases have been held in Mexico by members of the trafficking organization. 
‘‘The eastern district prosecutors have 
been exceptional in terms of their willing-ness to listen to the clients,’’ Cohen said. ‘‘And I think that, frankly, that came from the top, that came from the attorney general nominee. I think she has always had a very high degree of professionalism, but also a very strong sense of compassion for victims. And a strong sense of justice, that people who are exploiting these vulnerable immi-grant women and children in the commercial sex industry need to be held accountable.’’ 
In the typical sex trafficking case pros-
ecuted under Lynch, a community services organization might tip off law enforcement to the presence of a prostitution ring based in Brooklyn or Queens, New York. Investiga-tors would discover many girls and young women living under the control of men who forced them to work in brothels or who drove them around the city, sometimes to as many as 20 assignments a day. 
Anne Milgram, a former prosecutor on 
human trafficking cases in the eastern dis-trict, who went on to serve as attorney gen-eral of New Jersey and is now a senior fellow at the New York University school of law, said one after another of the trafficking cases were prosecuted because Lynch made them a ‘‘personal priority’’. 
‘‘Under her leadership, the eastern district 
has really led the nation in this area,’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.024 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2368 April 23, 2015 
Milgram said. ‘‘I really couldn’t say enough 
good things about both the office and Loret-ta Lynch’s record on human trafficking. If you look nationally to find a US attorney who was as thoughtful and progressive in prosecuting human trafficking cases, I don’t think you could find one.’’ 
Lynch’s office has specialized in breaking 
up rings that share a remarkable similarity. Members of family-based crime syndicates in Mexico, in a repeated pattern, would seek out young girls in poor, rural areas and make them promises of love and a better life in the United States. Sometimes a marriage 
would follow. And then the girls would be in-troduced to a new life, in which they were coerced to work as prostitutes. Obedience was enforced with rape, beatings, imprison-ment, and, in some cases, by threatening the lives of children born of the corrupt ‘‘love’’ affairs. 
‘‘Any trafficking victim is going to be suf-
fering in a tremendous physical and emo-tional harm, and pretty extensive sexual abuse,’’ Cohen said. ‘‘But these particular Mexican trafficking cases are so difficult for our victims because usually the trafficker is an intimate partner. So it could be a man who held himself out to be a boyfriend, or a fiance ´, and in at least one case it’s been a 
husband. Who courted a client, who won her trust, and her love, and in a number of cases had children with her.’’ 
‘‘You just pull the facts of one of these 
cases, and they’re heinous,’’ Robles-Roma ´n 
said. ‘‘They almost don’t sound real.’’ 
THE MOST ACTIVE RECORD IN THE COUNTRY  
Lynch’s office has specialized in breaking 
up these rings. The eastern district of New York has delivered more than 55 indictments in human trafficking cases and rescued more than 110 victims, including at least 20 mi-nors, in the past 10 years. 
Under Lynch, the eastern district is cur-
rently prosecuting at least five cases relat-ing to the prostitution of US minors or sex trafficking—more active prosecutions than any other US attorney’s office in the coun-try, according to knowledgeable observers. 
In 2012, Lynch’s office reunited a child and 
mother who had been separated for more than 10 years when the woman was taken from Mexico to New York and forced to work as a prostitute. It was one of 18 such mother- and-child reunions completed by the eastern district. 
Cohen worked with a client who was re-
united with her child after a conviction by Lynch’s office. 
‘‘It was really very moving,’’ Cohen said. 
‘‘My client had been separated from her child for a number of years and was really frantic about her child’s safety. Frankly it’s terri-fying for a victim to come forward and re-port the abuse, when she is afraid that if word of her cooperation gets back to her traffickers, there’s very little protection available for her child back in Mexico. 
‘‘These clients, when they have children, 
they are mothers first. And they’ll do any-thing to protect their children. In fact some of them continue to be trafficked because they were afraid that if they stopped or re-fused, that their children would be harmed.’’ 
In December 2012, Lynch announced the ex-
tradition and arraignment of four suspects from Mexico in two separate sex trafficking cases. In 2013, Lynch sent a New York bar owner and two co-defendants to prison for dozens of years each for running a sex-traf-ficking ring between Central America, Mex-ico and two bars on Long Island. In 2014, three brothers convicted of sex trafficking were sentenced to double-digit prison terms for enticing victims as young as 14 to be transported illegally into the United States and forced to work as prostitutes in New York City and elsewhere. ‘‘It’s horrible to think that children in the 
United States are being exploited sexually,’’ said Robles-Roma ´n. ‘‘They are. [But 
Lynch’s] office has shown that they have the courage, the know-how, and the expertise to prosecute these people—some of them in-volving international criminal enterprises. 
‘‘From my perspective, somebody who has 
that vision, and that eye, to protect our most vulnerable, can protect us all. It is a fearlessness that we need in our attorney general.’’ 
As of Monday, after what minority leader 
Harry Reid called ‘‘164 very long days’’, there was still no Senate deal over the abortion language in the trafficking legislation, al-though signs emerged that a deal may be close. 
If Republicans stick to their promise, it 
will then be Lynch’s turn. And if she is con-firmed, to hear Lynch’s former colleagues tell it, the Senate will have made a dif-ference on behalf of society’s most vulner-able. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
RUBIO). The Senator from Texas. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, today I rise 
to talk about what has come to define the Obama administration, which is a consistent pattern of lawlessness that disrespects the Constitution, that dis-respects the Congress, and that dis-respects the people of the United States. 
In any administration, under any 
President, the person charged with being the chief law enforcement officer is the Attorney General. I have been blessed to work in the U.S. Department of Justice, and there is a long, bipar-tisan tradition of Attorneys General remaining faithful to the law and to the Constitution and setting aside par-tisan considerations and politics. Un-fortunately, that tradition has not been honored during the Obama Presi-dency. 
Attorney General Eric Holder has 
been the most partisan Attorney Gen-eral the United States has ever seen. The Attorney General has systemati-cally refused to do anything to seri-ously investigate or prosecute the IRS for targeting citizens for expressing their First Amendment rights. Indeed, he has assigned the investigation to a major Democratic donor and partisan Democrat who has given over $6,000 to President Obama and the Democrats. Eric Holder has abused the office and has turned it, in many respects, into a partisan arm of the Democratic Party. He is the only Attorney General in the history of the United States to be held in contempt of Congress. 
So there are many, including me, 
who would very much like to see Eric Holder replaced. There are many, in-cluding me, who would very much like to see an Attorney General who will re-turn to the bipartisan traditions of the Department of Justice of fidelity to law, and that includes most impor-tantly the willingness to stand up to the President who appointed you even if he or she is from the same political party as are you. 
During the confirmation hearings, I 
very much wanted to support Loretta Lynch’s nomination. Bringing in a new Attorney General should be turning a 
positive page in this country. But, un-fortunately, the answers Ms. Lynch gave in the confirmation hearing, in my opinion, rendered her unsuitable for confirmation as Attorney General of the United States. That was a shame. 
Ms. Lynch’s record as the U.S. attor-
ney for the Eastern District of New York had earned her a reputation as a relatively no-nonsense prosecutor, so it was my hope that we would see a simi-lar approach and similar answers from Ms. Lynch at the confirmation hearing. Instead, she chose to embrace the law-lessness of the Holder Justice Depart-ment. 
When she was asked whether she 
would defend President Obama’s illegal Executive amnesty, which President Obama has acknowledged no fewer than 22 times that he had no constitu-tional authority to undertake and which a Federal court has now enjoined as unlawful, she responded affirma-tively, saying she thought the adminis-tration’s contrived legal justification was ‘‘reasonable.’’ 
The nominee went on to say that she 
sees nothing wrong with the Presi-dent’s decision to unilaterally grant lawful status and work authorizations that are explicitly barred by Federal law to nearly 5 million people who are here in this country illegally. 
When asked further who has ‘‘more a 
right to a job, a United States citizen or a person who came to this country illegally?’’ she responded, ‘‘I believe that the right and obligation to work is one that is shared by everyone in this country, regardless of how they came here.’’ Well, a very large major-ity of American citizens would beg to differ. Rule of law matters. 
When she was asked about the limits 
of prosecutorial discretion—the dubi-ous theory President Obama has put forth to justify his illegal executive amnesty—she could give no limits to that theory. 
When asked if a subsequent President 
could use prosecutorial discretion to order the Treasury Secretary not to enforce the tax laws and to collect no more income taxes in excess of 25 per-cent, she refused to answer. 
When asked if a subsequent President 
could use that same theory to exempt the State of Texas—all 27 million peo-ple—from every single Federal labor law and environmental law, she refused to answer. 
When asked if she agreed with the 
Holder Justice Department that the government could place a GPS sensor on the car of every single American without probable cause, she refused to answer. That extreme view was re-jected by the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously. 
When asked if she agreed with the 
Holder Justice Department that the First Amendment gives no religious liberty protection whatsoever to a church’s or synagogue’s choice of their own pastor or their own rabbi, she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.001 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2369 April 23, 2015 
again refused to answer. Likewise, that 
extreme view was rejected unani-mously by the U.S. Supreme Court. In-deed, Justice Elena Kagan—appointed by President Obama—said at the oral argument that the Holder Justice De-partment’s position that the First Amendment says nothing about the re-ligious liberty of a church or a syna-gogue—Justice Kagan said, ‘‘I find your position amazing.’’ Well, I am sorry to say that Ms. Lynch was un-willing to answer whether she holds that same amazing position, that the First Amendment does not protect the religious liberty of people of faith in this country. 
When asked in her hearing if she be-
lieves the Federal Government could employ a drone to kill a U.S. citizen on U.S. soil if that individual posed no im-minent threat, she refused to answer. 
When asked if she would be willing to 
appoint a special prosecutor to inves-tigate the IRS’s targeting of citizens and citizen groups for their political views—something which President Obama said he was ‘‘angry about and the American people had a right to be angry about’’—and when asked if she would appoint a prosecutor who was at a minimum not a major Obama donor, she refused to answer. 
This nominee has given every indica-
tion that she will continue the Holder Justice Department’s lawlessness. That was her testimony to the Senate Judi-ciary Committee. 
I wanted to support this nomination. 
I wanted to see a new Attorney General who would be faithful to law. But her answers made that impossible. 
I would note that there is a dif-
ference. Eric Holder began disregarding the Constitution and laws after he was confirmed as Attorney General. Ms. Lynch has told the Senate that is what she is going to do. That means each and every one of us bears responsi-bility. In my view, no Senator can vote for this confirmation consistent with her or her oath given the answers that were given. 
I would note that a particular onus 
falls on the new Republican majority. For several months, I have called on the Republican majority to block the confirmation of President Obama’s ex-ecutive and judicial nominees other than vital national security positions unless and until the President rescinds his lawless amnesty. I am sorry to say the majority leadership has been un-willing to do so. 
The Republican majority, if it so 
chose, could defeat this nomination, but the Republican majority has cho-sen to go forward and allow Loretta Lynch to be confirmed. 
I would note that there are more 
than a few voters back home who are asking: What exactly is the difference between a Democratic and Republican majority when the exact same indi-vidual gets confirmed as Attorney Gen-
eral promising the exact same lawless-ness? What is the difference? That is a question each of us will have to answer to our constituents when we go home. In my view, the obligation of every 
Senator to defend the Constitution is front and center why we are here. We have a nominee who has told the Sen-ate she is unwilling to impose any lim-its whatsoever on the authority of the President of the United States for the next 20 months. We are sadly going to see more and more lawlessness, more regulatory abuse, more abuse of power, more Executive lawlessness. 
Now more than ever, we need an At-
torney General with the integrity and faithfulness of law to stand up to the President. Attorneys General in both parties, Republican and Democratic, have done so. When credible allega-tions of wrongdoing by Richard Nixon were raised, his Attorney General, El-liot Richardson, appointed a special prosecutor, Archibald Cox, to inves-tigate regardless of partisan politics. Likewise, when credible allegations by Bill Clinton arose, his Attorney Gen-eral, Janet Reno—a Democrat—ap-pointed Robert Fisk as the independent counsel to investigate those allega-tions. Eric Holder has been unwilling to demonstrate that same faithfulness to law, and unfortunately Ms. Lynch has told us that she, too, is unwilling to do so. For that reason, I urge all of my colleagues to vote no on cloture and to insist on an Attorney General who will uphold her oath to the Con-stitution and to the people of the United States of America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
come before the Senate today to vote and to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of confirming Loretta Lynch as Attorney General. 
I disagree with my colleague from 
Texas. I serve on the Judiciary Com-mittee, as does the Senator from Texas. I listened to her questions. I asked her questions. I listened to her answers. In my view, she passed her senatorial interview. She has picked up support from several Republicans. She answered questions for 8 hours during her confirmation hearing and sub-mitted detailed responses to 900 writ-ten questions. 
What I would like to focus on today 
are the claims I just heard from the Senator from Texas that she is some-how lawless. 
Let’s look through the facts. She has 
earned the support of Members of both parties. Do the Republicans who sup-port her for this position think she is lawless? I don’t think so. She has 
earned the support of top law enforce-ment groups and 25 former U.S. attor-neys from both Republican and Demo-cratic administrations. 
Now let’s start with the obvious. She 
is supremely qualified for Attorney General. She has a world-class legal mind, an unwavering commitment to justice, an unimpeachable character, and an extraordinary record of achieve-ment. 
During her time as U.S. attorney for 
the Eastern District of New York, she tackled some of our Nation’s hardest 
cases, from public corruption, to civil rights violations, to massive crime rings. She currently leads the U.S. at-torney’s office that has been charged with prosecuting more terrorism cases since 9/11 than any other office in the country, including trying the Al Qaeda operative who plotted to attack New York City’s subway system. Would you hand this over to a lawless person? No. You would hand this over—this impor-tant job of going after terrorists—to someone who respects the law, who en-forces the law, not, as my colleague from Texas said, to someone who is lawless. 
This is a concern in my State. Just 
this week, our U.S. attorney, Andy Luger, indicted six people—six people— in the Twin Cities area who were plot-ting to go back to assist ISIS, to assist a terrorist group. So I care a lot about having an Attorney General in place who actually knows how to handle these terrorism cases, who is going to 
lead the Justice Department and un-derstands the importance of going after these cases. Loretta Lynch is exactly the type of tough and tested leader we need at the Justice Department to lead the effort. 
She has been endorsed by leaders 
ranging from the New York police com-missioner—I don’t know if my col-league from Texas considers him law-less—to the president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, to the president of the National Asso-ciation of Chiefs of Police. Alberto Gonzales says it is time to vote on Ms. Lynch. Rudy Giuliani says it is time to confirm her. These are not people my colleagues on the other side of the aisle normally say are lawless. 
This is the story of Loretta Lynch 
and why I think she has been able to wait out this long process. Loretta Lynch has a lot of patience. When she was a little girl, she took a test and did incredibly well on that test. She did so well that they didn’t believe she took that test. They asked her to take that test again, and she scored even higher. When she was valedictorian of the class, the principal came up to her and said: You know, this is a little awk-ward. You are African American, and we might want another White student to share the honor. That is what hap-pened to her. She said: All right. That is a woman who has been through something and can wait this out. She will wait no longer after today. 
The other thing I heard from our 
friends on the other side of the aisle— from Senator C
RUZ—was that somehow 
she is lawless because she supported something that every President since Dwight Eisenhower has supported, has asked their Attorney General to do. The Attorney General has looked at the legal issues surrounding the issuance of an Executive order regard-ing immigration. Every Attorney Gen-eral since Eisenhower’s administration has advised their President on these issues. The first George Bush, the sec-ond George Bush, Ronald Reagan—with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.005 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2370 April 23, 2015 
every single one of these Presidents, 
there was some kind of Executive order issued involving immigrants. 
I know because we have Liberians in 
Minnesota who, because of unrest in their country, have been there for dec-ades under an Executive order, some-thing that sometimes Congress gets in-volved and sometimes the President re-issues. But that is one example of a group of people who have been able to stay in our country legally, work in our hospitals, work in our industries, and raise their families in this country because of Executive orders. 
So to say that it is sometimes law-
less—how lawless for her to support this simple idea that a President can issue an Executive order. Of course, we can debate the merits of that. We can talk about the fact that of course we would rather have comprehensive im-migration reform. That is why I voted it. Of course that would be better, so the President could just tear up his Ex-ecutive action. He said he would be glad to do that. 
But the point of this is that every At-
torney General in the Republican ad-ministrations since Dwight Eisenhower has supported their President when they issued an Executive order. So this idea that by somehow saying that is legal makes this nominee lawless is just plain wrong. 
We look forward to another robust 
debate on immigration policy. Com-prehensive immigration reform should be debated and passed by Congress. But Ms. Lynch should be judged on her record and her record alone. When we look at her record, we should be proud to have her as our next Attorney Gen-eral of the United States of America. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
would like to make a few remarks about Loretta Lynch. While she should have been confirmed as Attorney Gen-eral months ago, I want to make the following points: Her qualifications are sterling. Her education, her experience as a U.S. attorney under two Presi-dents, as well as her accomplishments are unassailable. 
I have never seen a nominee in my 22 
years handle a confirmation hearing with such poise and answer questions with such command. During her hear-ing, I said Loretta Lynch was a com-bination of steel and velvet, and that, to me, sums her up perfectly. 
I met with her prior to her hearing 
and was deeply impressed. I reviewed her stellar record and found her to be a firm yet fair prosecutor—as a matter of fact, probably the prosecutor in one of the toughest districts—the Eastern District of New York—that exists in America. 
Having led this very large and impor-
tant U.S. Attorney’s Office under two Presidents, she is a proven leader and she also knows how to bring people to-gether to get the job done. I think that is important. Let me just talk about national secu-
rity. The Eastern District of New York, where Ms. Lynch served as U.S. attor-ney, has led the Nation in terrorism convictions among all U.S. Attorney Offices since 2001. She has overseen these cases. The six individuals con-nected to Najibullah Zazi, who was part of an Al Qaeda plot and planned to set off bombs on the New York subway system; Rezwanul Nafis, who at-tempted to use a weapon of mass de-struction against the New York Fed-eral Reserve Bank; four individuals, in-cluding Russell Defreitas, who plotted to attack JFK Airport; an individual who tried to go to Yemen to join Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula; and two individuals who allegedly were members of Al Qaeda and attacked U.S. military forces overseas. 
In February, her office announced 
that three individuals had been charged with attempting and con-spiring to provide material support to ISIL. Two were planning to fly to Syria to join ISIL. The third was arrested while boarding a flight to Turkey at JFK. Her office has also charged 11 in-dividuals, alleging that they illegally worked to secure more than $50 million in high-tech equipment for Russian military and intelligence agencies. 
At her confirmation hearing, Lynch 
emphasized the importance of the gov-ernment having the ‘‘full panoply of in-vestigative tools and techniques to deal with the ever-evolving threat of terrorism.’’ In sum, I am confident she is going to be a very strong voice lead-ing the Justice Department on issues of national security. I can only say I think, as those of us on the Intel-ligence Committee see—and the Pre-siding Officer is one of them—this be-comes more important every day. 
Her experience is just as deep on do-
mestic issues. As U.S. attorney for a major urban district, she clearly under-stands the importance of protecting us from gangs and organized crime, issues that are front and center in my home State of California. 
Her work in this area shows she un-
derstands local and international criminal organizations. 
In the last year, under her leader-
ship, three individuals connected to a major organized crime family pleaded guilty to a racketeering conspiracy. 
A gang leader was found responsible, 
after a five-week trial, ‘‘for six mur-ders, two attempted murder[s], armed robberies, murder-for-hire, narcotics, distribution, and gambling on dog fighting.’’ 
Another gang leader was convicted 
and sentenced to 37 years in prison for ordering the murder of two individuals, one of whom was believed to be associ-ated with a rival gang. 
Three individuals in a New York cell 
of an international cybercrime organi-zation were also convicted on charges stemming from cyberattacks that re-sulted in $45 million in losses. 
She has also made combatting 
human trafficking a priority. Over the last decade, her office’s anti-traf-
ficking program has indicted more than 55 defendants in sex trafficking cases and rescued more than 110 vic-tims of sex trafficking, including more than 20 minors. 
Simply put, Loretta Lynch has been 
on the frontlines in investigating and prosecuting a range of perpetrators, and I believe she will continue that work as Attorney General. 
I would be remiss if I did not express 
my extreme disappointment in the delay over Ms. Lynch’s confirmation. We have before us a nominee with im-peccable credentials to serve as the Na-tion’s chief law enforcement officer. During her confirmation, Senator L
EAHY asked a panel of witnesses who 
were pro and supposedly con to raise their hands if they opposed her. Not a single witness raised their hand. To me, that spoke volumes. 
Even Republicans who will vote 
against her because they disagree with the President praise her credentials and personal qualifications. But de-spite all of that, the Senate subjected her to, I think, an inexcusable delay. It is particularly sensitive because this would be the first African-American woman as Attorney General in the his-tory of the United States. 
If you look at race relations today 
and the impartial and important role that the Department of Justice plays, it seems to me that her appointment may well be the most important pos-sible appointment at this particular point in time. Her nomination has been pending for 56 days on the floor. That is more than twice as long as the seven most recent Attorneys General com-bined. 
So, hopefully, it is done now. I recog-
nize the other side will say they could not move the nomination because of the trafficking bill or for some other reason. But the fact remains that, his-torically, we customarily move back and forth between executive and legis-lative business. We could have done that here as well. We have confirmed district judges, we have confirmed indi-viduals who serve in various other ex-ecutive capacities, including subcabi-net positions. So we could have easily considered the nominee for one of the most important posts in this govern-ment. 
Let me conclude with this. I regret 
that a vote on her nomination cannot be unanimous. I hope it will be close to that. I do not think that will be pos-sible. She is that good. She deserves a unanimous vote. She is as fine as I have seen in my time in the Senate. 
Senator D
URBIN remarked in com-
mittee that her confirmation will be a truly momentous occasion for the Sen-ate and for our Nation. He said this should be a ‘‘solemn, important, and historic moment for America.’’ I truly believe he was right. I truly believe this is an uncommon nominee at an un-common time who can display a tre-mendous will, drive, motivation, and sense of justice as our U.S. Attorney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.006 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2371 April 23, 2015 
General. I am very honored to cast my 
vote in favor of her nomination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, 
briefly, this should be a happy day for America. This should be a day that is circled on the calendar as another day, as the Presiding Officer of this Senate knows, that this is about the American dream. This woman is the embodiment of the American dream in action. We should be celebrating her confirmation to the most important law enforcement position in the United States of Amer-ica. 
So why am I not happy? I am sad. I 
am depressed, because what we are going to witness in a few minutes is base politics at its ugliest. It does not get any uglier than this because what we are saying today—what my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are saying today is that it does not matter if you are qualified. It does not matter if you are one of the most qualified nominees for Attorney Gen-eral in the history of our country. That makes no difference. We have a new test: You must disagree with the Presi-dent who nominates you. Let me say that again because we love common sense in Missouri. This defies common sense. You must vote against a nomi-nee for the Cabinet of the duly elected President of the United States because she agrees with the duly elected Presi-dent of the United States. Think of the consequences of that vote. Think what that means to the future of advise and consent in this Senate. 
If we all adopt this base politics 
‘‘place in the cheap seats,’’ I can’t get elected President unless I am against Loretta Lynch, if we all adopt that in the future, how is any President elect-ed in this country going to assemble a Cabinet? Because it will be incumbent on all of us to be against Cabinet mem-bers who have the nerve to agree with the President who has selected them for their team. 
It is beyond depressing. It is dis-
gusting. She is so qualified. She has worked so hard all of her life. She is a prosecutor’s prosecutor. She has pros-ecuted more terrorists than almost anybody on the face of the planet. The notion that this has occurred because she agrees with the man who selected her—I think everyone needs to under-stand what that means to the future if all of us embrace that kind of base pol-itics in this decision. It is not a happy day. It is a very sad day. 
I am proud of who Loretta Lynch is. 
I am proud she will be Attorney Gen-eral of this country. I am sad it will be such a close vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Loretta 
Lynch is an historic nominee. What I worry about is this body is making his-tory for the wrong reasons. Senate Re-
publicans have filibustered her. She be-comes the first out of 82 Attorneys General in our Nation’s history to face a filibuster. On one hand she is an historic nomi-
nee for the right reason; the first Afri-can-American woman for Attorney General, a woman who is highly, highly qualified. Everybody agrees with that. But what a shame that we have the second part of history, to have her be the first out of 82 Attorneys General to be filibustered—to be held to this very disturbing double standard. This woman has had to face double stand-ards all her life—why one more? I will proudly vote for her. 
I ask unanimous consent to yield 
back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Loretta Lynch to be Attorney Gen-eral. 
Mitch McConnell, Richard Burr, John 
Cornyn, Lamar Alexander, Bob Corker, Jeff Flake, Susan M. Collins, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom Tillis, Lisa Murkowski, Harry Reid, Richard J. Durbin, Patrick J. Leahy, Patty Murray, Amy Klo-buchar, Kirsten E. Gillibrand, Charles E. Schumer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 66, 
nays 34, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 164 Ex.] 
YEAS—66 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—34 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Cassidy Coats Cotton Crapo Cruz 
Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Grassley Heller Hoeven 
Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Risch Rubio Sasse 
Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Toomey 
Vitter Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). On this vote, the yeas are 66, 
the nays are 34. 
The motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, under 
the previous order, there will be up to 2 hours of postcloture debate equally divided between the two leaders prior to a vote on the Lynch nomination. 
Mr. LEAHY. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —H.R. 1191 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
last week the Senate entered a unani-mous consent agreement to get on the bipartisan Iran congressional review act at a time to be determined by the two leaders. Now that the Senate has passed the antitrafficking bill and the Lynch confirmation vote has been scheduled for later today, it is my in-tention to turn to the Iran legislation. 
Therefore, I ask unanimous consent 
that at 3 p.m. today the Senate agree to the motion to proceed to H.R. 1191, as under the previous order, with de-bate only during today’s session of the Senate following the offering of a sub-stitute amendment by Senator C
ORKER  
or his designee, as under the previous order. 
I further ask that following leader re-
marks on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, Sen-ator C
ORKER be recognized to offer an 
amendment to the pending substitute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Madam President, it is my 
understanding that on Monday there will be opportunity for debate. 
Is that right, Mr. Leader? We will do that at closing tonight. 
That would be good. 
Madam President, I appreciate very 
much the understanding of the Repub-lican leader, the majority leader, about how to proceed on this. This is a really important piece of legislation. I don’t know of a piece of legislation in recent years that is more important than this. So I look forward to the Senate turn-ing to this legislation. 
I again applaud and commend Sen-
ators C
ORKER and C ARDIN for the deli-
cate and very good work they have done on this. This measure, I repeat, is important. It deals with matters of international affairs and Congress’s role in carrying out the constitutional responsibilities we have. This bill will take some time. I hope we can finish it as rapidly as possible. That is what I want. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Apr 28, 2015 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S23AP5.REC S23AP5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2372 April 23, 2015 
I also want to comment that I think 
it is important we have the oppor-tunity—and I am sure the Republican leader—to have our caucus on Tuesday, so that we by that time will have an idea how we are going to proceed for-ward on this. 
I have heard some Senators want to 
offer amendments really to hurt this bill. I hope that, in fact, is not the case. I hope people are trying to be constructive. Regardless of that, the leader has assured us that there will be an open amendment process. So no matter how a person feels about this bill, they will have an opportunity to offer amendments. In my opinion, we need to support the Corker-Cardin agreement. Those Senators worked so we can get the bill passed as soon as possible. 
So I have no objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, 
today the Senate takes up the nomina-tion of the 83rd Attorney General. 
We all know the former Democratic 
leadership could have processed this nomination during last year’s lame duck. But in the limited time we had, they chose to concentrate on con-firming a number of judges and getting a losing vote on NSA reform. Ms. Lynch, at that time, wasn’t high on the priority of the Democratic majority, but now I am pleased that the Senate was finally able to come to an agree-ment on the sex trafficking legislation, so we can turn to the Lynch nomina-tion. 
I voted against Ms. Lynch’s nomina-
tion in committee and will oppose her nomination again when it is time to vote this afternoon. I will spend a few minutes now explaining my reasons to my colleagues. 
This nomination comes at a pivotal 
time for the Department of Justice and our country. The next Attorney Gen-eral will face some very difficult chal-lenges—from combatting cybercrime, to protecting our children from exploi-tation, to helping fight the war on ter-ror. But beyond that, the new Attorney General has a mess to clean up. The Justice Department has been plagued the last few years by decisionmaking driven by politics—pure politics. Some of these I have mentioned before, but I would like to give just a few examples. 
The Department’s own inspector gen-
eral listed this as one of the top man-agement challenges for the Depart-ment of Justice: ‘‘Restoring Confidence in the Integrity, Fairness, and Ac-countability of the Department.’’ That is quite a major management challenge 
the Department faces. 
This inspector general cited several 
examples, including the Department’s falsely denying basic facts in the Fast and Furious controversy. The inspector general concluded this ‘‘resulted in an erosion of trust in the Department.’’ 
In that fiasco, our government know-
ingly allowed firearms to fall into the hands of international gun traffickers, and, I am sorry to say, it led to the death of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry. 
Then how did the Department re-
spond to all this obviously wrong ac-tion on their part? They denied, they spun, and they hid the facts from Con-gress. And if you hide the facts from the American Congress, you are hiding the facts from the American people. 
They bullied and intimidated whis-
tleblowers, members of the press, and, you might say, anyone who had the au-dacity to investigate and help us un-cover the truth. 
But Fast and Furious isn’t the De-
partment’s only major failing under the Holder tenure. It has also failed to hold another government agency ac-countable, the Internal Revenue Serv-ice. 
We watched with dismay as that pow-
erful agency was weaponized and turned against individual citizens who spoke out in defense of faith, freedom, and our Constitution. What was the De-partment’s reaction to the targeting of citizens based on their political beliefs? They appointed a campaign donor to lead an investigation that hasn’t gone anywhere, and then, after that, the De-partment called it a day. 
Meanwhile, the Department’s top lit-
igator, the Nation’s Solicitor General, is arguing in case after case for breath-taking expansions of Federal power. 
I said this before, but it bears repeat-
ing: Had the Department prevailed in just some of the arguments it pressed before the Supreme Court in the last several years—and I will give five ex-amples: 
One, there would be essentially no 
limit on what the Federal Government could order States to do as a condition for receiving Federal money. 
Two, the Environmental Protection 
Agency could fine homeowners $75,000 a day for not complying with an order and then turn around and deny that homeowner any right to challenge the order or those fines in court when the order is issued. 
Three, the Federal Government could 
review decisions by religious organiza-tions regarding who can serve as a min-ister of a particular religion. 
Four, the Federal Government could 
ban books that expressly advocate for the election or the defeat of political candidates. 
And five, lastly, the way this Solic-
itor General argued, as I said, would bring the most massive expansion of Federal power in the history of the country. The Fourth Amendment wouldn’t have anything to say about the police attaching a GPS device to a 
citizen’s car without a warrant and constantly tracking their every move-ment for months or years. 
Now, I have given five reasons of ex-
pansion of the Federal Government. These positions aren’t in any way mainstream positions. At the end of the day, the common thread that binds all of these challenges together is a De-partment of Justice which has become deeply politicized. But that is what 
happens when the Attorney General of the United States views himself—and these are his own words—as the Presi-dent’s ‘‘wingman.’’ 
Because of all the politicized deci-
sions we have witnessed over the last few years, I have said from the very be-ginning of this process that what we need more than anything else out of our new Attorney General is independ-ence. Ever since she was nominated, it was my sincere hope that Ms. Lynch would demonstrate that sort of inde-pendence. It was my hope that she would make clear that, while she serves at the pleasure of the President, she is accountable to the American people, because the job of Attorney General is defined by a duty to defend the Constitution and uphold the rule of law. The job is not simply to defend the President and his policies. 
I voted for Attorney General Holder 
despite some reservations and mis-givings, but I have come to regret that vote because of the political way he has led the Department. I realize that the quickest way to end his tenure as Attorney General is to confirm Ms. Lynch, but, as I have said, the question for me from the start has been whether Ms. Lynch will make a clean break from the Holder policies and take the Department in a new direction. 
Some of my Democratic colleagues 
have said that no one has raised any objection to Ms. Lynch’s nomination. This, of course, is inaccurate. No one disputes that she has an impressive legal background. It was her testimony before the committee that caused con-cerns for many Senators, including me. After thoroughly reviewing that testi-mony, I concluded that she won’t lead the Department in a different direc-tion. That is very unfortunate. After 6 years of Attorney General Holder’s leadership, the Department desperately needs a change of direction. 
I would like to remind my Demo-
cratic colleagues that it was not too long ago that a majority of Democrats voted against Judge Mukasey for At-torney General—not based on his records but instead based upon his tes-timony before the committee. In fact, then-Senator Obama had this to say about Judge Mukasey: ‘‘While his legal credentials are strong, his views on two critical and related matters are, in my view, disqualifying.’’ 
I asked Ms. Lynch about her views on 
Fast and Furious, on the IRS scandal, and other ways the Department has been politicized. She did not dem-onstrate that she would do things dif-ferently. Instead, she gave nonanswers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.010 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2373 April 23, 2015 
She was eloquent and polished but non-
responsive. 
The bottom line is that Ms. Lynch 
does not seem willing to commit to a new, independent way of running the Department. That surprised me very much. Based on everything we were told, I expected Ms. Lynch to dem-onstrate a bit more independence from the President. I am confident that if she had done so, she would have gar-nered more support. 
As I said when the committee voted 
on her nomination, to illustrate this point, we need to look no further than the confirmation of Secretary Carter to the Department of Defense earlier this year. When he testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Secretary Carter demonstrated the type of independent streak that many of us were hoping we would see in Ms. Lynch. 
Most of the media reporting on the 
two nominations seemed to agree. Headlines regarding the Carter nomi-nation in the New York Times and the Washington Post commended his shift from the President’s policies with headlines such as ‘‘Defense nominee Carter casts himself as an independent voice,’’ which was in the Washington Post, and in the New York Times, ‘‘In Ashton Carter, Nominee for Defense Secretary, a Change in Direction.’’ But on the Lynch nomination, those same newspapers highlighted that she de-fended the President’s policies on im-migration and surveillance with head-lines such as ‘‘Lynch Defends Obama’s Immigration Action,’’ which was in the New York Times, and from the Huff-ington Post, ‘‘Loretta Lynch Defends Obama’s Immigration Actions.’’ 
Secretary Carter was confirmed with 
93 votes. Only five Senators voted against Secretary Carter’s nomination. That lopsided vote was a reflection of his testimony before the Senate, which demonstrated a willingness to be an independent voice within the adminis-tration. Unfortunately, Ms. Lynch did not demonstrate the same type of inde-pendence. 
I sincerely hope Ms. Lynch proves me 
wrong and is willing to stand up to the President and say no when the duty of office demands it. But based upon my review of her record, I cannot support the nomination. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
rise today to discuss the nomination of Loretta Lynch, a proud New Yorker and soon-to-be Attorney General of the United States of America. She was born in North Carolina, and her father was a fourth-generation Baptist min-ister, a man who grew up in the seg-regated South, and her mother picked 
cotton when she was a girl so her daughter would never have to. Their daughter grew up to be one of the keen-est legal minds our country has to offer, someone who has excelled at every stage of her education and her career while cultivating a reputation— well deserved—as someone who is level- headed, fair, judicious, and eminently likable. 
If there is an American dream story, 
Loretta Lynch is it. Still, despite her intellectual and career achievements, Ms. Lynch has always been a nose-to- the-grindstone type, rarely seeking ac-claim, only a job well done. 
Throughout her career, she has had a 
yearning to serve the public, which began when she took a 75-percent pay cut to join the Eastern District as a prosecutor. There, she found her call-ing, handling some of the toughest liti-gation cases in the country on cyber crime, public corruption, financial fraud, police abuse, gang activity, or-ganized crime, and especially ter-rorism. 
When you look at the breadth and 
the depth of the cases she has handled, it is clear that Loretta Lynch is law enforcement’s Renaissance woman. Be-cause of her judicious, balanced, and careful approach to prosecuting on complex and emotional community-po-lice relations matters, Ms. Lynch has always emerged with praise from both community leaders and the police. America needs this kind of leadership in our top law enforcement position. 
In this age of global terrorism, the 
Attorney General’s role in national se-curity has never been more important. 
I know her well. I was the person who 
recommended her to the President to be U.S. attorney twice. I know how good she is. In some of the most dif-ficult cases—cases where the commu-nity was on one side and the police were on the other—she emerged with fair decisions that made both sides praise her. In this difficult world we are in, where we have so much tension, she is going to be great. That is why I was so proud when the President nomi-nated her for Attorney General. She is just great. But one sad note—there is one cloud on this sunny day, and that is the long time it took to confirm her. We heard about a whole lot of issues completely unrelated to her experience or her qualifications. No one can assail Loretta Lynch—who she is, what she has done, how good an Attorney Gen-eral she would be. 
One quick story about Ms. Lynch. As 
I mentioned, I originally recommended Loretta Lynch for the position of U.S. attorney in 1999 because I thought she was excellent. Sure enough, she was. 
When President Bush took office, Ms. 
Lynch went to the private sector to earn some money. When I had the op-portunity to recommend a candidate for U.S. attorney again when President Obama became President in 2009, I was certain I wanted Ms. Lynch to serve again. She had only served for about 1
1⁄2years. She had done such a good 
job, I said, we need her back. But she had a good life. She was making a lot of money and had gotten married in the interim. 
Knowing what a great person she is, 
I decided I would call her late on a Fri-day afternoon. I was confident that with the weekend to think it over, she would be drawn to answer the call to public service. When I called her Fri-day afternoon, she said to me, I was dreading this call, because she was happy in her life. But sure enough on Monday morning she called me back and said, I cannot turn this down be-cause my desire to serve is so strong. 
She is a great person in every way. 
On top of decades of experience at the highest levels of law enforcement and a sterling track record, Loretta Lynch brings a passion and deep commitment to public service befitting of the high office she is about to attain. 
She will make an outstanding Attor-
ney General. I believe every Member of this body will be proud of her, and I look forward to voting for her with great enthusiasm. 
I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, 
today I underscore my opposition to the nomination of Loretta Lynch to be the next Attorney General of the United States. While her experience is extensive, both her judgment and inde-pendence were called into question by her expressed views on President Obama’s clearly unconstitutional ac-tions on immigration, and this is some-thing that cannot be overlooked when considering a nominee to be our Na-tion’s chief law enforcement officer. 
Let’s review Ms. Lynch’s testimony 
before the Judiciary Committee on whether she believes the President’s actions are constitutional. During that hearing, Ms. Lynch stated that she ‘‘thought the legal opinion was reason-able’’ and that the President’s actions were a ‘‘reasonable way to marshal limited resources to deal with the prob-lem.’’ When asked for a yes or no an-swer on whether she thinks Obama’s executive actions on immigration were legal and constitutional, she stated, ‘‘[A]s I’ve read the opinion, I do believe it is.’’ 
What do these statements tell us? On 
the specific question of whether she thought the executive action was con-stitutional, Ms. Lynch was, at best, ambiguous. She attempted to obfuscate by saying that she found the under-lying legal opinion ‘‘reasonable.’’ In my view, all obfuscation aside, she suf-ficiently conveyed to the committee that she, in fact, thought the executive actions were legal and constitutional. 
Many have asked me: But, Senator 
M
CCAIN, wouldn’t you expect a Presi-
dential nominee to support a position being taken by the President who is nominating her? In most cases, the an-swer is yes. And, it is well known that, 
historically, I have been deferential to the President’s prerogative to select his senior advisors—even those who re-quire Senate confirmation. But, on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.012 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2374 April 23, 2015 
matters regarding the U.S. Constitu-
tion—particularly those that implicate the separation of powers between the executive and legislative branches, the Attorney General is different. 
It is the job of the U.S. Attorney 
General to represent the people of the United States and to ‘‘do justice.’’ It is not to serve as a policy instrument or cheerleader for the President. We have had years of that with Attorney Gen-eral Holder. It has to stop with this nomination. Inasmuch as, by her own testimony, Ms. Lynch sees merit in a position that impinges on the constitu-tional prerogatives of the branch of government that I serve, I must vote in opposition to her nomination. 
By the President’s own repeated ap-
praisal, the executive actions on immi-gration are unconstitutional. At least 22 times in the past few years, Presi-dent Obama claimed he did not have the authority to unilaterally change the law in the way he did. For years, he pointed to Congress as the only way this change could take place, but re-versed that position last November with his executive actions declaring the law as currently drafted to be inap-plicable to millions of people. The fol-lowing is a just a sampling of these oft- repeated statements: 
‘‘Comprehensive reform, that’s how 
we’re going to solve this problem. . . . Anybody who tells you it’s going to be easy or that I can wave a magic wand and make it happen hasn’t been paying attention to how this town works.’’ 
‘‘I can’t simply ignore laws that are 
out there. I’ve got to work to make sure that they are changed.’’ 
‘‘I am president, I am not king. I 
can’t do these things just by myself.’’ 
‘‘But there’s a limit to the discretion 
that I can show because I am obliged to execute the law. That’s what the Exec-utive Branch means. I can’t just make the laws up by myself. So the most im-portant thing that we can do is focus on changing the underlying laws.’’ 
‘‘With respect to the notion that I 
can just suspend deportations through executive order, that’s just not the case . . .’’ 
‘‘Believe me, the idea of doing things 
on my own is very tempting. I promise you. Not just on immigration reform. But that’s not how our system works. 
That’s not how our democracy func-tions. That’s not how our Constitution is written.’’ 
Whether you call it prosecutorial dis-
cretion or prioritizing enforcement, the argument does not survive scru-tiny. With the stroke of a pen, the President’s Executive action on immi-gration unilaterally changed the law as he saw fit, in violation of our Constitu-tion and the way our system of govern-ment wisely provides for laws to be changed. 
To the extent Ms. Lynch is willing to 
characterize this as reasonable and even constitutional, I cannot support her nomination. For all these reasons, I cast my vote in opposition to her con-firmation to be U.S. Attorney General and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. SCHUMER. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRANS -PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I rise 
in strong opposition to the fast-track bill the Finance Committee approved last night, and that I think will be on the floor next week or the following week, on the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. 
I think the most important aspect of 
this debate is that what we are dis-cussing with the TPP is not a new con-cept. It is not as though somebody came and said, I have a great idea; let’s try this trade agreement, and it is going to be really good for the Amer-ican worker and the American middle class and the American people. The truth is that we have seen this movie time and time and time again. Let me tell my colleagues that the ending of this movie is not very good. It is a pretty bad ending. I think most Ameri-cans understand that our past trade agreements have failed our American workers and have led to the loss of mil-lions of decent-paying jobs. 
What I simply don’t understand—if 
we were going forward in the first place, with a new idea, maybe we should give it a shot. But when we went forward with NAFTA, when we went forward with CAFTA, when we went forward with Normal Permanent Trade Relations and there were all of these folks telling us how great these agreements were going to be and it turned out that virtually everything they said was inaccurate—not true— why in God’s Name would we go for-ward with another trade agreement which is, in fact, larger than previous trade agreements? 
Let me give an example of what I 
mean. On September 19, 1993, President Bill Clinton said the following: 
I believe that NAFTA will create 200,000 
American jobs in the first two years of its ef-fect. . . . I believe that NAFTA will create a million jobs in the first five years of its ef-fect. 
So President Clinton was pushing the 
NAFTA agreement very hard, and that is what he said. 
In 1993, the same year, the Heritage 
Foundation, which is one of the most conservative think tanks in the coun-try—so here we have a liberal Presi-dent, Bill Clinton, and we have a con-servative think tank, the Heritage Foundation—this is what they said: ‘‘Virtually all economists agree that NAFTA will produce a net increase of 
U.S. jobs over the next decade.’’ 
In 1993, the distinguished Senator 
from Kentucky, who is now our major-ity leader, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , said: 
‘‘American firms will not move to Mex-ico just for lower wages.’’ M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL : ‘‘American firms will not 
move to Mexico just for lower wages.’’ 
Well, was President Clinton right? 
Was the Heritage Foundation right? Was Senator M
CCONNELL right? No. I 
think the evidence is pretty clear they were all wrong. 
According to a well-respected econo-
mist at the Economic Policy Insti-tute—and their facts usually hold up pretty well—NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680,000 American jobs. What President Clinton said was wrong, what the Heritage Foundation said was wrong. We lost substantial numbers of jobs. 
In 1993, the year before NAFTA was 
implemented, the United States had a trade surplus with Mexico of more than $1.6 billion. Last year, the trade deficit with Mexico was $53 billion. We had a trade surplus of $1.6 billion; last year we had a deficit of $53 billion. Now, how is that a success? I don’t know. 
In other words, NAFTA has been a 
disaster for American workers. 
What about the Chinese trade agree-
ment? I remember hearing all of the discussions about how great it would be if we had a trade agreement with a huge country such as China; thinking about all of the American products they would be buying, manufactured here in the United States. Here is what President Bill Clinton said about PNTR with China back in 1999. It is im-portant to remember what people said because they are saying the same thing about this trade agreement. But this is back in 1999, Bill Clinton, President, PNTR with China: 
In opening the economy of China, the 
agreement will create unprecedented oppor-tunities for American farmers, workers and companies to compete successfully in Chi-na’s market. . . . This is a hundred-to-noth-ing deal for America when it comes to the economic consequences. 
Once again, that is a liberal Presi-
dent. 
Now, we have the conservative think 
tanks that love unfettered free trade. In 1999, discussing PNTR with China, the conservative economists at the Cato Institute—these are really con-servative guys and this is what they said: 
The silliest argument against PNTR is 
that Chinese imports would overwhelm U.S. industry. In fact, American workers are far more productive than their Chinese counter-parts. . . . PNTR would create far more ex-port opportunities for America than the Chi-nese. 
Well, what can we say about that? 
The Cato Institute wrote in 1999: ‘‘The silliest argument against PNTR is that Chinese imports would overwhelm U.S. industry.’’ 
Sure. Right. If we go out to any department store 
in America and we buy products, where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.017 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2375 April 23, 2015 
are those products made? Guess what. 
They are made in China. It appears that, in fact, Chinese imports did over-whelm U.S. industry. The Cato Insti-tute was dead wrong. 
Again, nobody is really surprised at 
this. There is no more debate about this. Permanent Normal Trade Rela-tions with China, that trade agree-ment, was a disaster. 
The Economic Policy Institute has 
estimated that trade agreement with China has led to the loss of 2.7 million American jobs. The trade deficit with China has increased from $83 billion in 2001 to $342 billion in 2014. 
Now, in terms of China, I don’t know 
that the American people have any doubt about it. Every time we go shop-ping, the products overwhelmingly are made in China. People look in their own towns and in their own States—my State—and see losses of more and more manufacturing jobs. Since 2001, we have lost 60,000 manufacturing facili-ties in America. Not all of it is attrib-utable to trade; there are other rea-sons, but a lot of it is attributable to trade. Millions of decent-paying jobs are gone; people thrown out on the street as companies move to China, Vietnam, and other low-wage coun-tries. There is not a debate about it. That is exactly what has happened. Corporation after corporation has said, Why do I want to pay an American worker $15, $20 an hour? Why do I want to deal with the union? Why do I have to obey environmental regulations? I can move to China, I can move to Viet-nam, I can move to Malaysia or Mexico and I can pay people pennies an hour and bring the product back into the United States. That is what they said, and that is what they have done. 
Major corporation after major cor-
poration has reduced employment in America at the same time as they have increased employment in other coun-tries. 
Not only is it the loss of jobs, it is 
the race to the bottom. It is employers saying to workers, Look, I am cutting your health care, I am not giving you a raise, and if you don’t like it, I am moving to China because there are peo-ple all over the world who are prepared to work for wages a lot lower than you are receiving. You can take it or leave it. That is one of the reasons why today the typical American worker is working longer hours for lower wages than he or she used to and why wages have gone down in America. That is what the global economy has done. That is what these horrendous unfet-tered free-trade agreements have pushed on American workers. That is the Chinese trade agreement: an esti-mated 2.7 million American jobs lost. 
Then we have the Korea Free Trade 
Agreement, which has led to a loss of some 60,000 jobs. Our trade deficit with that country has gone up from $16.6 bil-lion in 2012 to $25 billion in 2014. 
So we have a history of failed trade 
agreement after failed trade agreement after failed trade agreement and people say, Hey, we failed, we failed, we failed; 
let’s do the same thing again and this time we are really, really, really going to succeed. I don’t think anybody real-ly believes that. 
I do understand that Wall Street 
loves this trade agreement and they are staying up nights worrying about ordinary Americans; and I understand that the major corporations in this country love this agreement and the truck companies love this agreement, which gives us enough reason to hold this agreement in doubt. 
Now, the Obama administration says, 
Well, trust us. Forget about the other trade agreements. This TPP is some-thing different. It is a better agree-ment. This time will be different. This time it will support about 650,000 American jobs. Well, supporters of un-fettered free trade were wrong about NAFTA, they were wrong about CAFTA, they were wrong about PNTR with China, and they were wrong about the Korea Free Trade Agreement and— surprise of all surprises—they are wrong again. 
If the fast-track is approved, it would 
pave the way for the passage of the TPP—the Trans-Pacific Partnership— trade agreement. As my colleagues know, this trade agreement is poised to be the largest free-trade agreement in history, encompassing 12 nations that account for roughly 40 percent of the global economy. This is a very big deal. 
Let me speak about two of those 
countries that are involved in the TPP; those are Vietnam and Malaysia. We are fighting here—and I understand there are differences of opinion—we are fighting here in the U.S. Congress to raise the minimum wage. I happen to believe a $7.25 minimum wage, which is what it is federally, is a starvation wage. I would like to see it go up over a period of years to $15 an hour. The Presiding Officer may disagree, and there are others who disagree. 
Let me tell my colleagues what the 
minimum wage is in Vietnam. The minimum wage in Vietnam is 56 cents an hour—56 cents an hour. So we have American workers being forced to com-pete against people who make 56 cents an hour. And we have a situation, just as one example of many, where the Nike company—a company which pro-duces over 365 million pairs of athletic shoes each year—goes all over the world. Do you know how many of those athletic shoes are manufactured in the United States of America? Fifty mil-lion? Twenty million? Ten million? One million? Zero. On the other hand, they employ 330,000 workers in Viet-nam—mostly young women—and while they refuse to tell us, give us the de-tailed information, our supposition is that most of those women make very low wages. 
Let’s be clear about what is going on. 
According to a November 11, 2014, arti-cle in the Vietnamese newspaper Thanh Nien News: ‘‘Analysts acknowl-edge that Vietnam’s abundance of cheap labor has played an increasingly pivotal role in wooing foreign firms 
looking to set up overseas manufac-turing operations in a country with a population of 90 million.’’ 
In other words, that is what this is 
all about. Wages are very low in Viet-nam. Companies from the United States and all over the world will go to that country. Allowing the TPP to pass will make it easier for multinational companies to shut down in America and move to Vietnam. That is wrong. 
When we talk about free trade, it is 
important to understand what is in-volved. Whom are we competing against? Are we competing against Ca-nadian workers whose standard of liv-ing is as high or higher than ours? Are we competing against workers in Ger-many whose standard of living may be higher than ours? No. We are com-peting against people who are strug-gling to stay alive, earning the lowest possible wages that keep a human being alive. 
Last year, the Human Rights Watch 
published a report on Vietnam. Here are some of the quotes from that re-port: 
The human rights situation in Vietnam de-
teriorated significantly in 2013, worsening a trend evident for several years. The year was marked by a severe and intensifying crack-down on critics, including long prison terms for many peaceful activists whose ‘‘crime’’ was calling for political change. 
In other words, in Vietnam, if you 
speak up, you want political change, there is a likelihood you will end up in jail. 
Vietnam bans all political parties, labor 
unions and human rights organizations inde-pendent of the government. . . . The authori-ties require official approval for public gath-erings and refuse to grant permission for meetings, marches, or protests they deem politically or otherwise unacceptable. 
It is not my point to beat up on Viet-
nam. They are a struggling country—a poor country that went through a ter-rible war with the United States that caused them incredible harm. But when we look at a trade agreement, when we say to American workers: This is your competition, people who are making 56 cents an hour in some cases, people who can’t form an independent trade union, people who politically can’t stand up and speak up for their rights, is that really appropriate and fair to the American worker? I don’t think it is. I don’t think it is. 
Let me say a word not just on Viet-
nam but another country in that con-sortium of partners in the TPP; that is, the country of Malaysia. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 
New York Times article, dated Sep-tember 17, 2014. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Sept. 17, 2014] 
REPORT CITES FORCED LABOR IN MALAYSIA ’S 
ELECTRONICS INDUSTRY  
(By Steven Greenhouse) 
Nearly one in three migrant workers in 
Malaysia’s thriving electronics industry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.016 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2376 April 23, 2015 
toils under forced labor conditions, essen-
tially trapped in the job, a factory moni-toring group found in a report issued on Wednesday. 
The monitoring group, Verite ´—which con-
ducted a two-year investigation commis-sioned by the United States Department of Labor—found that 32 percent of the indus-try’s nearly 200,000 migrant workers were employed in forced situations because their passports had been taken away or because they were straining to pay back illegally high recruitment fees. 
The report said those practices were preva-
lent among the migrants from Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Nepal, Vietnam and other countries who work in Malaysia’s nearly 200 electronics factories. Those factories, which produce consumer electronics, mother-boards, computer peripherals and other elec-tronic goods, account for a third of Malay-sia’s exports and produce for many well- known companies, including Apple, Flextronics, Samsung and Sony. 
The Verite ´report said that 92 percent of 
the migrant workers in Malaysia’s elec-tronics industry had paid recruitment fees and that 92 percent of that group had paid fees that exceeded legal or industry stand-ards, defined as more than one month’s wages. 
The report said about half of the migrant 
workers who borrowed for their recruitment fees spent more than a year paying off those fees. According to the report, 94 percent of the migrants did not have their passports when Verite ´’s investigators interviewed 
them, and 71 percent said it would be impos-sible or difficult to get their passports back when needed. 
‘‘This most modern of industrial sectors is 
characterized by a form of exploitation that long ago should have been relegated to the past,’’ said Daniel Viederman, chief execu-tive of Verite ´. ‘‘The problem is not one of a 
few isolated cases. It is indeed widespread.’’ 
Labor Department officials commissioned 
the study because the federal government frowns on the importation of goods made by forced labor. They sought an investigation after seeing evidence that the problem was serious in Malaysia. 
Twelve investigators working for Verite ´ 
interviewed a total of 501 workers from near-ly 200 Malaysian factories. According to the study, ‘‘92 percent reported feeling compelled to work overtime hours to pay off their debt, and 85 percent felt it was impossible to leave their job before paying off their debt.’’ Sev-enty-seven percent had to borrow money to pay their recruitment fees. 
‘‘Workers are paying too much to get their 
jobs,’’ Mr. Viederman said. ‘‘That leaves them vulnerable to being trapped in their jobs.’’ 
He told of a migrant worker from Nepal 
who spoke good English and was the only one of five children with a college degree. His family paid a recruitment agent $1,500 for his job, which was more than twice the annual income in Nepal, and they borrowed much of that at a 36 percent annual interest rate. 
When the Nepali arrived in Malaysia, his 
passport was taken from him at the airport, and he has not seen it since, he told the Verite ´interviewer. ‘‘He has now completed 
14 months of a three-year contract, and he has not been able to save any money’’ be-cause he is still paying back the recruitment fees, Mr. Viederman said. The Nepali works 12 hours a day, often seven days a week, and said it would take two years to finish repay-ing the loan. 
‘‘He doesn’t want to be in Malaysia any-
more,’’ Mr. Viederman said. ‘‘He wants to quit and return home, but then he would have to pay a hefty fine and purchase his own plane ticket and still have the loan pay-ment hanging over his head. He wasn’t sure 
if he could get his passport back.’’ 
The report found that 30 percent of foreign 
workers said they slept in a room with more than eight people, and 43 percent said there was no place where they could safely store their belongings. Twenty-two percent of the workers said they had been deceived about their wages, hours or overtime requirements during the recruitment process. 
Mr. Viederman said many workers faced a 
‘‘one-two punch’’—being charged high re-cruitment fees and then being paid less than they had been promised. He said many work-ers were told that their wages would be with-
held or they would be reported to authorities if they complained or protested. 
The Malaysian Embassy in Washington did 
not respond to inquiries—Tuesday was a na-tional holiday. 
Officials from Samsung and Sony did not 
respond to questions about Malaysia. 
Asked about the reports of forced labor, 
Chris Gaither, a spokesman for Apple, said: ‘‘This is an issue we have paid a lot of atten-tion to and done a lot of work on. We were the first electronics company to mandate re-imbursement to workers who were charged excessive recruitment fees.’’ 
Mr. Gaither said Apple’s supply chain, 
which employs 1.5 million workers world-wide, employs 18,000 in Malaysia, including 4,000 migrant contract workers. He said that since 2008, Apple had helped migrant workers in Malaysia and elsewhere to reclaim $19.8 million in excessive recruitment fees, which he defined as more than one month’s wages. Apple uses about 30 factories in Malaysia, and Apple had audits done at 18 of them in the last year to investigate forced labor and other problems. 
Mr. Viederman said companies should 
strengthen their codes of conduct to bar pay-ment of recruitment fees for workers at any factories they use and to prohibit supplier factories from taking migrant workers’ pass-ports. He said companies should make sure their factory monitors engaged in aggressive investigations to unearth such practices. In addition, he called for a grievance procedure for workers that would hold the companies, suppliers and labor brokers accountable. 
The Verite ´report found 62 percent of mi-
grant workers said they were unable to move around freely without their passports. Fifty- seven percent said they could not leave their job before their contract was finished be-cause they would be charged an illegally high fine, lose their passport or be denounced to the authorities. 
Forty-six percent reported having encoun-
ters with police, immigration officials or a volunteer citizens security corps. Most of the 46 percent said they had to pay a bribe, were detained or were threatened with detention or physical harm. Twenty-seven percent of the foreign workers said they could not come and go freely from their housing. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, what 
the New York Times article talks about is that today there are nearly 200 electronics factories in Malaysia where high-tech products from Apple, Dell, Intel, Motorola, and Texas Instruments are manufactured and brought back into the United States. It turns out Malaysia is a major center for the manufacturing of electronics, and some of the largest electronics manufactur-ers in the world are centered or have plants in Malaysia. If the TPP is ap-proved, that number will go up sub-stantially. Now, what is wrong with that? 
Well, let’s talk about what is going 
on in Malaysia, where American com-panies in this country and American 
workers will have to compete as part of the TPP. Well, it turns out that many of the workers at the electronics plants in Malaysia are immigrants to that country and are forced to work there under subhuman working conditions. 
According to Verite, which conducted 
a 2-year investigation into labor abuses in Malaysia, which was commissioned by the U.S. Department of Labor—this report was commissioned by the U.S. Department of Labor. 
This report tells us that 32 percent of 
the electronics industries’ nearly 200,000 migrant workers in Malaysia were employed in forced situations be-cause their passports had been taken away or because they were straining to pay back illegally high recruitment fees. 
According to the New York Times ar-
ticle commenting on the study, 92 per-cent of the migrant workers in Malay-sia’s electronics industries had paid re-cruitment fees, and 92 percent of that group had paid fees that exceeded legal or industry standards defined as more than one month’s wages. 
Ninety-four percent of the migrants 
did not have their passports when Verite’s investigators interviewed them. Let me repeat that. The pass-ports were taken away from 94 percent of the people whom these investigators interviewed. Now, if you are a migrant in a foreign country and your passport is taken away, you have no rights at all. You can’t leave. You may not be able to travel. You have no rights at all. In other words, many of these workers who wanted to leave Malaysia were unable to do so. They were forced to stay and continue to work under these subhuman conditions. 
Mr. President, 30 percent of foreign 
workers—this is again in the report from Verite, commissioned by the U.S. Department of Labor—30 percent of foreign workers said they slept in a room with more than eight people, and 43 percent said there was no place where they could safely store their be-longings. 
Well, when we talk about competi-
tion and a competitive global economy, I do not believe the American worker should be forced to compete against workers who are literally held in slave- like conditions, unable to leave the country, having their passports taken away, working for pennies an hour. 
Let me conclude simply by saying 
this: This trade agreement is being pushed on the Congress by the largest corporations in the United States of America. They love unfettered free trade because it enables them to shut down in America and move to low-wage countries where they can employ work-ers at pennies an hour. This trade agreement is pushed on us by Wall Street, that wants to make sure that around the world they will have finan-cial regulations that make it easier for them to do what they do, rather than serve the economies of countries around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.002 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2377 April 23, 2015 
This legislation is strongly supported 
by the pharmaceutical industry that will have the opportunity to prevent poor countries around the world from moving to generic drugs and make medicine affordable to the poor people in these countries. So all of the billion-aire class, all of the powerful corporate world is supporting this trade agree-ment. 
Who is opposing this trade agree-
ment? Well, virtually every trade union in America whose job it is to stand up for American workers. They are in opposition. I was just at a rally with them the other day. They are united. They are in opposition. You have many environmental groups that understand this is a bad agreement. You have medical groups that under-stand this is a bad agreement for poor people in developing countries, and you have millions of workers in this coun-try who do not want to compete. They are not afraid of competition. We are a productive country. They do not want to compete against people making 56 cents an hour or against forced labor in Malaysia. That is where we are today. 
Where we are today is, Do we go for-
ward with a failed trade policy or do we take a deep breath and say enough is enough? Let us rethink trade policy. Let us figure out a way we can grow the American economy, create decent jobs in the United States, and, by the way, help poor people around the world. All of us want to see wages go up in poor countries around the world, but that does not mean wages have got to go down in the United States of America. We need a trade agreement that works for our people, works for people around the world but is not a trade agreement that only works for the Big Money interests in the United States. 
I hope very much the Senate will 
take a real hard look at this trade agreement, take a hard look at what people have been saying for years about previous trade agreements and say we are not going down this failed path anymore. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING DR . IRWIN SCHATZ  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I came 
across an article in the New York Times on Sunday that called my atten-tion to the passing of an amazing man, a man who has a connection to the U.S. Senate. 
I rise to pay my respects to a man of 
uncommon integrity. Dr. Irwin Schatz passed away on April 1 at the age of 83. Beloved and respected in the medical community, Dr. Schatz spent his ca-reer helping people. He was a major 
contributor to the Honolulu Heart Pro-gram, a landmark study with half a century of followup on Japanese Amer-ican men in Hawaii. 
Dr. Schatz was the rare critic of the 
notorious Tuskegee, AL, syphilis med-ical experiments. 
From 1952 to 1972, the U.S. Public 
Health Service conducted the Tuskegee clinical study on poor African-Amer-ican sharecroppers. They wanted to know about untreated syphilis on Afri-can Americans. There were 600 men en-rolled in the study. Almost two-thirds had syphilis, while the rest were used as control subjects. Between 1932 and 1947, the date when penicillin was de-termined to be the cure for the disease, at least seven men died, and their wives, children, and untold number of others had been infected. 
Men participating in the study were 
told they were being treated for bad blood. Bad blood wasn’t running in the veins of these men, it was running in the veins of those who decided this study was worth more than their hu-manity. 
Dr. Irwin Schatz was 4 years out of 
medical school working as a cardiolo-gist at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit when he came across the December 1964 issue of the journal ‘‘Archives of Inter-nal Medicine,’’ which mentioned the Tuskegee study. We cannot be sure how many other people read this issue, but Dr. Schatz read it, and he was horri-fied. 
Dr. Schatz wrote to the study’s sen-
ior author, Dr. Donald Rockwell. His letter was only three sentences long. These three sentences could have put his career at risk. Here was this young doctor criticizing an investigation overseen by some of the leading figures in the American Public Health Service. 
Here is what he wrote: 
I am utterly astounded by the fact that 
physicians allow patients with a potentially fatal diseases to remain untreated when ef-fective therapy is available. I assume you feel the information which is extracted from observations of this untreated group is their sacrifice. If this is the case, then I suggest the United States Public Health Service and those physicians associated with it in this study need to reevaluate their moral judg-ment in this regard. 
The sad reality is that the Centers 
for Disease Control and Prevention buried Dr. Schatz’ letter, and it would sit in their archives until 1972. A Wall Street Journal reporter found the let-ter the same year that Peter Buxtun, health service employee turned whis-tleblower, told the world about this horrific study. 
Dr. Schatz went on to serve in a vari-
ety of hospitals. In 1975 he joined the University of Hawaii and eventually became chairman of their department of medicine. In 2009, he was named a medical hero by the Mayo Clinic be-cause of his career but also because of the moral fury he expressed in that three-sentence letter. 
Irwin Schatz was truly a hero. My 
prayers and thoughts go out to his sons, Jacob, Edward, Stephen, and our 
colleague Senator B
RIAN SCHATZ , his 
nine grandchildren and his family. 
Mr. President, I would like to speak 
on a separate topic very briefly. 
The moment is going to finally arrive 
in just a few minutes when we are going to, I hope, approve by a bipar-tisan vote the nomination of Loretta Lynch to be our next Attorney Gen-eral. This is a milestone in the history of the United States—the first African- American woman to become Attorney General of this country. 
I would like to say that I am sorry— 
and I am—for the delay in bringing this nomination before the Senate. It should have been done long ago. She is an extraordinary person from an ex-traordinary family. We have been blessed with her public service for so many years, and now she has reached the top in her career to be able to serve as our next Attorney General. 
I will, with a great deal of admira-
tion and respect, be voting in favor of this nomination. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I eagerly 
echo the words of my dear friend, the senior Senator from Illinois. This is a great, historic moment. Earlier today, we ended the filibuster on this woman, Loretta Lynch. We ended the filibuster of her nomination to be Attorney Gen-eral of the United States. 
The good news is that we ended the 
filibuster. The bad news is that for the first time in our Nation’s history, we had to overcome a filibuster for an At-torney General nominee—of either party. Eighty-two prior Attorneys Gen-eral, going back to George Washington straight through, and not one of them has been treated the way Loretta Lynch has been treated. 
I have come to know what a strong 
and good woman she is from her time as U.S. attorney and straight through to her confirmation hearing. At her 
confirmation hearing, those opposed to her brought witnesses but when I asked them, are there any of you who would vote against her, not a single hand went up. 
You see, I know her strengths. I 
know she has persevered through much more difficult circumstances in her life. I believe this will make her even stronger. But do I hope after this ex-tended delay, that Senate Republicans will show her more respect as Attorney General of the United States than she has received as a nominee. 
She deserves all of America’s respect 
and our gratitude for being willing to continue to serve our Nation. Loretta Lynch is eminently qualified to be At-torney General. She has twice been unanimously confirmed by the Senate to be U.S. attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of New York. Her record as a top Federal prosecutor in Brooklyn is un-impeachable. 
I have no doubt that as Attorney 
General, Ms. Lynch will effectively, fairly, and independently enforce the law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.030 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2378 April 23, 2015 
She has received the highest praise 
from those on both sides of the aisle. A group of 26 former United States Attor-neys from both Republican and Demo-cratic administrations have written, ‘‘Ms. Lynch has the experience, tem-perament, independence, integrity, and judgment to immediately assume this critically important position.’’ A former Associate Attorney General serving at the Justice Department under President Bush wrote to me say-ing that ‘‘[Ms. Lynch is] uniquely qualified to serve as Attorney Gen-eral.’’ Former Republican mayor of New York City, Rudy Guiliani, said, ‘‘If I were in the Senate, I would confirm her,’’ and Louis Freeh, former director of the FBI and Federal judge, has writ-ten ‘‘[i]n my twenty-five years of pub-lic service—23 in the Department of Justice—I cannot think of a more qualified nominee to be America’s chief law enforcement officer.’’ This is just a glimpse of the broad support she has received. 
Loretta Lynch deserves to be consid-
ered by this Chamber based on her record, her accomplishments, and her extraordinary character. Let us come together. Let us make history by con-firming Loretta Lynch to be the first African-American woman to serve as Attorney General of the United States. 
I ask unanimous consent to yield 
back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, all time is yielded back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General? 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
BOOZMAN ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 165 Ex.] 
YEAS—56 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken Gillibrand 
Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—43 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Gardner Grassley Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Risch Roberts 
Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As a re-
minder, expressions of approval or dis-approval are not permitted from the gallery. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the majority leader making the usual request that the President be no-tified, but I have a sneaky suspicion the President knows what the final vote was. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the Senate resume legislative session and be in a period of morning business until 3 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FIRST 100 DAYS OF THE 
REPUBLICAN-LED SENATE 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last 
Thursday marked the 100th day of the new Republican-led Senate. While it is still very early, and there is still much to be done, we can report there has been bipartisan progress in a number of important areas. So I am optimistic. I am optimistic that the momentum we have seen over the last several months is going to translate into further suc-cesses on behalf of Americans. 
It is interesting to read from last 
Thursday’s USA TODAY: The first 100 days of Republican Congress. The head-
line is: ‘‘Lawmakers try to prove it’s possible to be productive.’’ So people are noticing the fact that we are keep-ing our campaign promises. 
During the last campaign season we 
told people all across the country that if they just gave us the opportunity to govern, we would do it in a bipartisan way. In November, the American peo-ple did send an unmistakable message to Washington. Voters across the coun-try said they were tired of gridlock and tired of a lack of action. They said it was time for a new majority—a Repub-lican majority—a majority to get the Senate working again and to get Amer-ica on a better course. 
Republicans have responded, and we 
are working hard to make the Senate accountable again to the people who sent us here. And you don’t have to take my word for it. Just the other day, the Bipartisan Policy Center came out with its healthy Congress index. This is a group of former Republican and Democratic leaders of Congress. They talked about how the new Senate has been showing signs of life. The total number of days worked, they re-port, is up from that of previous years—43 days in the first 100 calendar days of this Senate versus 33 days at the same point last Congress, and 33 days in the Congress before that. 
Also, the number of bills reported out 
of committee is way up. In the first 100 days we had 15 bills reported out of committees in the Senate compared to just 8 in the first 100 days of the pre-vious two Congresses. Imagine that, our committees are working, and we are pushing out bipartisan bills, such as the Iran congressional review bill that passed unanimously in the For-eign Relations Committee. 
The number of amendments voted on 
is larger than it has been in previous Congresses. In the first 100 days of this Congress, we voted on more than 100 amendments. These are amendments by both Republicans and Democrats. For all of last year there were only 15 up-and-down votes on amendments— just 15 for the entire year. This year we topped that number of amendment votes by January 22. 
That is just one more way the Senate 
is working again. In the first 100 days we passed a dozen bipartisan bills. We passed the bipartisan Keystone XL Pipeline jobs bill. We passed a bill to make much-needed reforms to the Medicare program and to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. We passed the Clay Hunt Vet-erans Suicide Prevention Act. We reached an agreement to help victims of modern slavery who are abused and exploited by human traffickers. These important bills are just part of our commitment to work together to solve problems for the American people. 
On top of all that, we passed a budget 
that actually balances over the next 10 years. Even former Democratic Senate leader Tom Daschle recently said that ‘‘there’s been more open debate and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.032 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2379 April 23, 2015 
consideration of issues’’ under Senator 
MCCONNELL ’s leadership. Well, that is 
exactly right. The Senate is working again, and we are just getting started. 
I am hopeful we can continue to work 
together to find solutions for more issues that matter to the American people. As chairman of the Indian Af-fairs Committee, I can say that we have made real progress on bills to im-prove the lives of people across Indian Country. We have passed bills to im-prove irrigation projects, to help pro-tect children in foster care, and to in-crease self-governance by Indian tribes. It has been a positive agenda, and I am grateful for the hard work and dedica-tion of all the committee members. 
Along with a group of six Democrats 
and six Republicans who are working as cosponsors, I introduced a bill to speed up exports of American liquefied natural gas. We have bipartisan agree-ment on the need to streamline the permitting process for the sale of this clean American energy. 
This week we also made great 
progress on a bipartisan bill on the waters of the United States. I am opti-mistic we can reach an agreement with Senators on the other side of the aisle to get that issue behind us. 
The American people want an honest 
debate on important issues such as these. The American people want their representatives in the Senate to be able to offer amendments. The Amer-ican people want to see their Senators take a stand and cast a vote up or down. That is how the Senate should work. That is how the Senate has been working for the first 100 days under Re-publican leadership. 
I am pleased with how productive the 
Senate has been over the first 100 days. Of course we want to do more, and we will have the chance shortly. I look forward to more votes, more debate, and more consideration of ideas from both sides of the aisle. This is the com-mitment Republicans made to the American people, and we are keeping that commitment. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am 
happy to stand here today knowing that the Senate has had a pretty good week of getting its work done—or I should say the people’s work done—and overwhelmingly passing important leg-islation that will actually help, first of all, victims of human trafficking, but generally speaking, help make the lives of our constituents, the American people, just a little bit better. I am talking about the antitrafficking legis-lation in particular—something I am particularly excited about—the unani-mous, 99-to-0 vote yesterday. We passed 
this piece of legislation after a hard- fought few weeks of debate. The Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act was a bill we all agree was worth fighting for. Why? Is this important to the rich and powerful, the people who have a lot of influence here in Washington and around the country? No. We thought it was worth fighting for because it would help the people who, frankly, need a voice. They need somebody to speak up for them because they can’t speak for themselves. This antitrafficking bill, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, protects the most vulnerable peo-ple in our country. 
I thank the majority leader for his 
tireless help and commitment to mak-ing sure we got this job done to fight this monstrous crime and punish those who seek to hold our children in what has been appropriately called nothing less than modern-day slavery. 
As the majority leader said yester-
day, today is a new day. Under his leadership, the Senate is now in a new era of bipartisanship and functioning. If there is one thing I heard last year as I was campaigning for reelection in Texas or traveling around the coun-try—I am sure the Presiding Officer had the same experience—it is that people would tell me how frustrated they were with Washington and the fact that no one seemed to be working together to try to solve the problems that were making their lives more dif-ficult. ‘‘Dysfunction’’ was the word most commonly used. 
But now, after this first 100 days of a 
new Congress, I think we are dem-onstrating that we are capable of func-tioning and working together in the best interest of the American people. Does that mean we are sacrificing our principles? People are Republicans or Democrats for good reason: They have a different point of view. But what is inexcusable is for Republicans and Democrats to refuse to work together and get nothing done. 
We have a colleague, a very conserv-
ative colleague who years ago told me, while working with a very liberal col-league—I asked him: How is it that somebody who really represents the book ends in terms of ideology—Repub-lican versus Democrat, liberal versus conservative—how is it that you actu-ally are able to get things done? 
He said to me: Well, it is easy. It is 
the 80–20 rule. We take the 80 percent we can agree on and we leave the 20 percent we can’t agree on for another day and another fight. 
As we are celebrating, in a sense, a 
new era of bipartisanship and func-tioning here in the Senate, it is clear we can’t rest on our laurels. We still have a lot of work to do, and I would like to spend a couple minutes talking about that. 
Our upcoming agenda will include 
some very important and weighty mat-ters, including the Iran Nuclear Agree-ment Review Act, which will give Con-gress the ability and time to scrutinize any agreement reached between the 
Obama administration and the P5+1 nations, while also prohibiting the President from lifting sanctions on 
Iran during this period of review. 
This commonsense bill was unani-
mously reported out last week by the Foreign Relations Committee. I think that is a little bit of a surprise to many given the fact that the President ini-tially said that if Congress were to pass this sort of legislation giving the American people a voice in this nuclear agreement, he would veto it. Well, when this came roaring out of the For-eign Relations Committee with unani-mous support and when it became clear that enough Democrats were going to join together with Republicans to pass this legislation and prevent a veto by having enough votes to override a veto, then the President very commonsensically said: Well, I think I will sign it. I will agree to go along with that. 
So the President finally agreed with 
Republicans and Democrats in the Sen-ate that congressional oversight was warranted and admitted last week that he would not stand in the way of this legislation. 
We are here not to guard our own 
prerogatives or privileges as individual Senators. That means essentially noth-ing. What we are here for is to stand in the shoes of our constituents—the 26.9 million people whom I represent in Texas, the people of Arkansas whom the Presiding Officer represents—and it is absolutely critical that we, as the representatives of the American peo-ple, have the opportunity to review this Iran deal and to consider its impli-cations, to debate it, and to make that entirely transparent to the American people because this is about not just the national security of the nation of Israel, this is about our national secu-rity as well as that of our other allies. 
We will spend much of the next few 
days and perhaps through next week discussing this bill, so I won’t belabor my thoughts on that at this time, but I did want to express a few concerns on the current state of the proposed framework with Iran. 
On April 2, President Obama an-
nounced not a deal with Iran but a ‘‘historic understanding with Iran.’’ 
Well, people naturally asked: What 
does that understanding look like? What does it consist of? Where can I get a copy of it so I can read it? 
To our surprise, there wasn’t a deal. 
Nothing was written. It was somehow a historic understanding that—even the parties who negotiated it disagreed about the details. So it should come as no surprise that the President and the P5+1 countries have not been able to secure an actual deal with Iran, which is our biggest threat and most dan-gerous adversary in the Middle East. After all, let’s think about whom we are talking to and with—the nation of Iran. This is the No. 1 state sponsor of international terrorism, a country that has repeatedly lied to and deceived in-spectors in the past as a matter of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.033 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2380 April 23, 2015 
standard operating procedure. As 
Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel re-minded us just last month, for more than 30 years Iran has been hostile to America and her allies. In fact, Iran first killed Americans back in the early 1980s and has subsequently killed Americans mainly through proxies since that time until the present time. This is the same regime that has con-tinued to target the United States since 1979. It is the same regime that has been on the State Department’s terrorism blacklist since 1984 following an Iran-backed terrorist attack that resulted in the deaths of hundreds of American servicemen, including many from my State. Given this track record, does anybody really wonder what Iran would do with a nuclear weapon? 
As these important negotiations con-
tinue for the next months, there re-main a lot of question marks about Iran’s true intentions and about wheth-er the deal—once it is done—the Obama 
administration is finalizing will essen-tially cement Iran’s status as a nuclear threshold nation. 
I remember Prime Minister 
Netanyahu speaking to a joint meeting of the Congress. He said the framework he has seen doesn’t prevent Iran from gaining a nuclear weapon. What he said is that essentially the framework paves the way or paves the path to a nuclear weapon, which, of course, would rep-resent a tremendous change in Amer-ican policy. 
Our policy has been—the administra-
tion’s policy has been, as stated, no nukes for Iran, none. But at least ac-cording to the framework that has been leaked, there appears to be more of the nature of a pathway toward a nuclear weapon as opposed to a prohi-bition. I look forward to continuing the discussion in the coming days, but Iran is only one issue we will be turning to as the Senate continues to work on bi-partisan legislation to get work done for the American people. 
We will be working on the very im-
portant issue of trade. Trade is impor-tant to my State, and it is important to the United States. Anytime we can open new markets to the things we grow in our agricultural sector or the livestock we raise—the beef, pork, poultry sector—anytime we can create and open new markets to the things we manufacture and we make in the United States, it strikes me it is a good thing, because while we occupy only 5 percent of the world’s territory, we constitute 20 percent of the purchasing power in the world. That means 95 per-cent of the population—80 percent of the purchasing power in the world—lies beyond our shores. It just makes sense to me that we would want to open our markets, our goods that we make and grow and raise to markets overseas; in this case, primarily to Asia. But once we take up the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, once it is negotiated, then at some future point we will turn to Eu-rope and the so-called TTIP negotia-tion. Last night, I am glad to report that 
the Finance Committee reported out the trade promotion authority piece of this legislation. This is something that has been a little bit misunderstood and, frankly, it is a little confusing. People have asked, Why in the world would you want to give the President authority to negotiate this Trans-Pa-cific Partnership negotiation? The sim-ple answer is this trade promotion au-thority is not just for President Obama and his administration—he is only going to be there for the next 20 months. This will last for 6 years and go into the next Presidential adminis-tration. 
The fact is, you can’t negotiate 
something as complex as a trade deal like the Trans-Pacific Partnership with 535 negotiators; in other words, all the Members of the Senate and all the Members of the House. But what this does provide is that once a deal is reached, it has to be laid before the Congress and it has to be laid before the American people so they can read it and understand it. 
After about 6 months, then there will 
be a debate in the Senate, and we will have an up-or-down vote. If we do not think it serves the interests of the United States, of our citizens and of our country, we can vote it down. But conversely, if we think this does im-prove trade and the economic pros-pects, jobs and wages for the American people, then we can vote to approve it. This bill will open American goods and services to global markets, which is good for our economy, good for jobs, and good for better wages, something that has been under a lot of negative pressure over the last few years. 
To sum up this week, we passed legis-
lation that will help thousands of vic-tims of modern-day slavery—typically, a girl between the ages of 12 and 14— who are routinely sex trafficked in our own backyards. This will provide real resources. It will not only help rescue them but begin to help them heal and to begin the path to restoration. 
I think this should be a proud accom-
plishment for the Senate. But the bot-tom line is, we still have a lot of work to do, and I look forward to more ac-complishments with my colleagues and for the new spirit of bipartisanship to continue as we tackle real problems for the American people. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska is recognized. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor to discuss the importance of trade and the Nebraskans who de-pend upon it. Since 1989, U.S. agricul-tural exports have nearly quadrupled in value. This is a direct result of our trade agreements, which have opened foreign markets to our goods. In 2014 alone, the value of U.S. agriculture ex-ports was $152.5 billion, yielding a trade surplus of more than $43 billion. This surplus is the result of hard work 
by millions of American farmers and ranchers. 
My home State of Nebraska is lead-
ing the way in progress as a top pro-ducer and exporter of agriculture and manufacturing products. In 2013, Ne-braska exported $7.3 billion in products tied to agriculture and the processing industries. By trading internationally, we are creating jobs and long-term in-come here at home. From farms and ranches to food processing, transpor-tation, and manufacturing industries, countless parts of our economy rely on flow of goods across our Nation and around the world. 
Nebraska’s Governor, director of ag-
riculture, and 22 Nebraska agriculture stakeholders echoed the necessity of these trade agreements, urging con-gressional leaders to quickly pass im-portant legislation for these agree-ments to materialize. This point was reinforced in a recent Omaha World- Herald Editorial, which noted that Ne-braska producers operate on a global scale and therefore understand the eco-nomic benefit of robust free-trade agreements. 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture 
estimates that every $1 billion of U.S. agricultural exports generates $1.3 bil-lion in economic activity and supports the full-time work of approximately 6,600 Americans throughout the econ-omy. Simply put, international trade is an essential component of opening for-eign markets to U.S. agriculture and food products. The best avenues we have to open new markets, increase that productivity, and create jobs are through strong, fair, and inclusive free- trade agreements. 
With more than 95 percent of the 
world’s population located outside the United States, economic growth and job creation depend on trade opportuni-ties that allow our U.S. companies and our producers to tap into new markets to sell more American products. 
As we debate, the world’s population 
continues to grow. In more and more countries, we see a growing middle class with a mounting appetite. What do they want to eat? They want high- quality meat, produce, and food prod-ucts from the United States of Amer-ica. What a tremendous opportunity for American producers to capture new markets and reach more consumers worldwide, but these new markets can-not be developed unless the United States is at the table and at the table negotiating for comprehensive free- trade agreements that ensure pro-ducers and exporters receive that fair deal. 
In order to accomplish this goal, the 
Senate must first pass trade promotion authority or the TPA. TPA effectively combines Congress’s authority to regu-late foreign commerce alongside the President’s authority to negotiate treaties. It reinforces the role of Con-gress to set negotiation priorities, and it requires the President to consult ex-tensively with legislators throughout 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.034 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2381 April 23, 2015 
this entire negotiation process. Under 
TPA, Congress retains its authority to review and determine whether the pro-posed trade agreement will be imple-mented through an up-or-down vote. 
TPA has been granted to every Presi-
dent since Gerald Ford. This long-standing and proven partnership be-tween the legislative and executive branches is essential to finalizing those free-trade agreements that create countless opportunities for American enterprise. TPA will allow us to actu-ally complete the trade negotiations that are currently underway. America is on the brink of some very ambitious and progrowth deals. It will also pro-vide our negotiators with the credi-bility they need in order to conclude those trade agreements. Our trading partners must be certain the United States is serious about its trade prior-ities and that we are serious about our commitments. To get the best deal, there is no doubt our trade negotiators need this vital negotiating tool. 
Furthermore, as this administration 
negotiates the two largest regional trade agreements in history, we must position ourselves to extract the best deals possible. The Trans-Pacific Part-nership or the TPP includes countries such as Japan, Vietnam, and Malaysia, which have great, tremendous opportu-nities for our exports. This agreement will give us greater access to the fast-est growing economic region in the world. The Transatlantic Trade and In-vestment Partnership is between the European Union and the United States, which together account for nearly half of global GDP. 
I support the negotiations for each of 
these regional trade agreements. Both agreements hold enormous potential for continued progress in agricultural exports, and they will create jobs here at home. The United States has nego-tiated free-trade agreements with 20 countries over the past three decades. These trading partners only represent 10 percent of the global economy, but they consume nearly half of the U.S. exports. Economic growth and Amer-ican job creation would only expand under TPP, where negotiating coun-tries represent the fastest growing economies in the world. 
That said, it is critical trade agree-
ments eliminate barriers and level the playing field for American businesses. Fair, two-way market access that eliminates tariffs is essential to any comprehensive trade agreement. 
We are in the 21st century, and our 
trade agreements should reflect 21st century principles. TPA is critical to providing our trade representatives with the necessary tools to finalize these pending negotiations, while also ensuring that the unsung heroes of the American dinner table—our farmers, our ranchers, our food processors—re-ceive the greatest benefit. 
Nebraska’s farmers and ranchers are 
global leaders and the very best at pro-ducing safe, high-quality food to feed the world. It is imperative that foreign markets are open, balanced, and that 
they provide a level playing field for all of our U.S. products. One of best ways we can do this is by expanding free trade and authorizing TPA. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this very important legislation. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Under the previous order, the 
motion to proceed to H.R. 1191 is agreed to. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1140 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I call up 
amendment No. 1140, which is the text of the substitute amendment to S. 615, which was reported out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. C ORKER ], 
for himself and Mr. C ARDIN , proposes an 
amendment numbered 1140. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am 
thrilled to be here on the floor with my partner, Senator B
ENCARDIN , who is 
the ranking member of the Foreign Re-lations Committee. We had an out-standing week last week in our Foreign Relations Committee in passing out this bill that is now before us on a 19- to-0 vote. I thank all of the members of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, which obviously includes Sen-ator C
ARDIN , Senator R ISCH, Senator 
MENENDEZ , Senator R UBIO, Senator 
KAINE, Senator J OHNSON , Senator 
COONS , Senator F LAKE , Senator U DALL , 
Senator G ARDNER , Senator B OXER , Sen-
ator P ERDUE , Senator S HAHEEN , Sen-
ator I SAKSON , Senator M URPHY , Sen-
ator P AUL, Senator B ARRASSO , and Sen-
ator M ARKEY . 
Also, before we get into discussing 
the text, I wish to thank Senator B OB 
MENENDEZ and Senator M ARK KIRK, 
who have been all things Iran. From the very beginning, these two Senators have led this body to put in place sanc-
tions—crushing sanctions—that have led us to this place. I cannot thank them enough for their leadership in dealing with the issue of Iran. 
Last year, we did a significant 
amount of work on creating some kind of review process relative to a final agreement that might be worked out with Iran. I thank Senator L
INDSEY , 
GRAHAM who has been a stalwart in en-
suring that Congress play a role in the 
ultimate final deal that may or may not occur. Senator G
RAHAM has been 
steadfast in wanting congressional re-view. Senator J
OHNMCCAINhas joined 
in that effort and has been outstanding to work with, as well as Senator J
IM 
RISCH and Senator M ARCO RUBIO, who 
have also pushed for this type of legis-lation. 
When we began this process, there 
were some original—or when we moved to the process we are now in, there were some original supporters of this current bipartisan bill who really caused us to have the leverage, if you will, to move to the place where we are today. Again, Senator M
ENENDEZ cer-
tainly was one of those who led us in that effort; Senator G
RAHAM ; Senator 
TIMKAINE, who came here as a former 
Governor of Virginia and who has been so focused on Congress playing its ap-propriate role. Obviously, Senator M
CCAIN, as he has been a leader from 
the beginning, Senator J OEDONNELLY , 
Senator M ARCO RUBIO, Senator H EIDI 
HEITKAMP , Senator K ELLY AYOTTE , 
Senator B ILL NELSON , Senator J IM 
RISCH, and Senator A NGUS KINGhave 
played a role in creating the leverage, if you will, to get us where we are today. 
As Senator C
ARDIN knows, we now 
have 62 cosponsors of this legislation that is now before us, obviously from both parties. So I think this is quite an accomplishment. 
Obviously, we have a tremendous 
amount of work in front of us with this bill now on the floor. I know Senator C
ARDIN and I hope that people will 
come to the floor and begin offering their amendments, begin debating, begin discussing. Obviously, we won’t be taking up any amendments, per the order that is before us, until Tuesday, but we hope people will begin bringing their ideas and amendments to the floor and certainly begin discussing the important issue of Iran. 
Let me speak a little bit about what 
this bill does. First of all, I think ev-eryone knows the administration is part of the P5+1. It is today negoti-ating an agreement to try to keep Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. I think all of us know there was a polit-ical agreement that was achieved the first part of April that was more of a verbal agreement about how the P5+1 and Iran might interact in a manner that hopefully would keep Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. 
One of the things that I think every-
one in this body knows and many peo-ple on the outside may not is that Con-gress has played a substantial and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.036 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2382 April 23, 2015 
maybe the biggest role in getting Iran 
to the table in the first place. There were three sets of sanctions, three types of sanctions that have been in-strumental in making this happen. They include the U.N. Security Council sanctions that have been put in place. The executive branch has put some sanctions in place as well. But Con-gress especially has four tranches of sanctions which have been put in place since 2010 which really have had a crushing effect on Iran’s economy. They haves created all kinds of infla-tion, and they have caused them not to be able to export the amount of oil— the 40 percent of the oil that they produce. That has hurt them in manu-facturing. 
I see Senator M
ENENDEZ has just 
come to the floor. He may not have heard me, but I cannot thank him and Senator K
IRKenough for their leader-
ship on each set of those tranches— putting them in place, taking the lead-ership, and bringing Iran to the table. 
I think the second thing people may 
understand is that on the U.N. Security Council sanctions, the White House has the ability, with the other members of the permanent Security Council, to lift those at any time they wish. They can obviously lift the executive sanctions. One of the things that all of us have been concerned about, though, is that Congress put in place the sanctions that really brought them to the table. We want to ensure that Congress has the ability, before those sanctions are lifted, to be able to voice an opinion through a vote. 
What this legislation does—and we 
will be talking about it a great deal over the next week—is four things: 
First of all, it forces the administra-
tion, in the event a final deal is agreed to, to bring all of those details to Con-gress, including the classified annexes we would likely not see until 6 months or so after an agreement is reached, without this legislation, if we can pass it. 
Secondly, it keeps the executive 
branch from being able to lift the con-gressionally mandated sanctions that we put in place, while we have a rea-sonable period of time to go through the documents that have been provided to us. 
Thirdly, it allows Congress to take a 
vote. The vote can take all kinds of forms. It can be a vote of approval. It also allows the leader to decide not to take a vote at all or we could take a vote of disapproval. If we decided that this was not something that was good for our country, not good for the Mid-dle East, then we could cause this vote of disapproval to take place, and if it passed, it would keep the executive branch from being able to lift the con-gressionally mandated sanctions we have put in place. 
The fourth and very important com-
ponent is that it causes us to know whether Iran is in compliance. This bill stipulates, if passed, that the President would have to certify to us every 90 days as to whether Iran is in compli-
ance. If there are significant viola-tions, on a 10-day basis, let us know that is taking place so we can respond 
accordingly. 
Let me close by saying this: I believe 
everybody in this body hopes we are able to achieve a negotiated agreement that will keep Iran from getting a nu-clear weapon. I think everyone under-stands that is the best thing for our country. I think everybody also under-stands that Iran is a country in which we have little trust. Iran is a country that is the major exporter of terrorism in the region. Iran is a country that has a terrible human rights record. Iran is a country that is really moving ahead relative to its ballistic missile design. And, obviously, Iran is a coun-try that has been doing some things in its nuclear program that give us reason to believe they are moving toward a nuclear weapon. 
One of the worst things we could pos-
sibly do is enter into an agreement with Iran that doesn’t keep them from getting a nuclear weapon—in other words, one that is faulty, that has flaws, and that allows them to get a nuclear weapon. What that would mean is we would have a situation where the No. 1 exporter of terrorism in the re-gion had access to not just a nuclear weapon but very quickly had access to the $130 billion-plus that they have trapped overseas to conduct even more terrorism in the region, which could allow their economy to all of a sudden be growing at more rapid rates and, again, to have resources available to conduct even more terrorism in the re-gion. As we can imagine, having an actor such as Iran has acted—and we hope at some point that behavior will change—having access to a nuclear weapon certainly would create the pos-sibility of nuclear proliferation in the region. 
So I think this is a very important 
piece of legislation. I thank Senator C
ARDIN for the way he has come into 
this and worked with us in a manner to reach an accommodation so that we have sufficient, ample, actually ex-traordinary support on both sides of the aisle to ensure that Congress has its rightful role in this agreement. It is one of the biggest geopolitical agree-ments we will deal with probably dur-ing the time we are here in the Senate. 
With that, I yield the floor to my 
good friend Senator C
ARDIN . Again, he 
has done exemplary work in bringing us to this point. I thank him for all of his efforts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
thank and congratulate Senator C
ORKER for his extraordinary work in 
reaching this moment where we have brought to the floor of the Senate a bill that deals with congressional oversight of the nuclear discussions and agree-ments taking place between the P5+1, our negotiating partners in Iran. 
It was just 3 weeks ago that the 
framework was announced by the White House and that Senator C
ORKER  
and I started our discussions to see whether we could find a common path forward on a bill which, to say the least, was very controversial; a bill which the President of the United States had threatened to veto; a bill in which there were Democrats and Re-publicans lined up on different sides of this issue, and it appeared just about impossible that we would be able to reach a bipartisan agreement on a path forward for the legislation. 
Senator C
ORKER exercised the great-
est leadership and diplomacy. He men-tioned all the members of our com-mittee. Each of those members has pretty strong views on this issue. This was not a simple matter of people say-ing: Gee, I will just yield to the thoughts of others. The only way we could reach this moment was to ask and solicit and listen to each member of the committee, and that is what Senator C
ORKER did. He encouraged me 
to do the same in regard to not just the Democratic members, because Senator C
ORKER talked to some of the Demo-
cratic members and I talked to some of the Republican members. We had to have that type of confidence. 
I again congratulate Senator C
ORKER  
on his leadership. It has been a real pleasure to work with him. I am proud that we bring this bill forward with a 19-to-0 vote from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
We have a long history in this coun-
try of putting aside partisan dif-ferences on foreign policy issues. I know we often quote from one of our former colleagues, but I think it is worth putting into the R
ECORD the 
comments of Senator Arthur Vanden-berg, Jr. 
He was a Republican Member of this 
body who said 63 years ago: 
To me ‘‘bipartisan foreign policy’’ means a 
mutual effort under our indispensable two- Party system, to unite our official voice at the water’s edge so that America speaks with maximum authority against those who would divide and conquer us and the free world. It does not involve the remotest sur-render of free debate in determining our po-sition. On the contrary, frank cooperation and free debate are indispensable to ultimate unity. In a word, it simply seeks national se-curity ahead of partisan advantage. 
Mr. President, that is exactly what 
the Foreign Relations Committee did. We had a very robust debate, there were many different views, but at the end of the day we spoke with unity. In speaking with unity, our country today is stronger, and that is exactly where we needed to be. 
What we are trying to do, and I think 
as a result of the actions of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee—and I hope it will be approved by this body and by the House and sent to the Presi-dent for signature—we are in a strong-er position to accomplish our goal. Our goal is pretty simple, to prevent Iran from ever acquiring a nuclear weapon because we know that is a game chang-er in the region—a game changer in re-gard to not just one country in that re-gion but to just about every country in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.037 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2383 April 23, 2015 
that region. Their security is threat-
ened and the U.S. security is threat-ened. 
So what we did in the bill that we 
bring forward to you is a compromise— a compromise. Each of us gave and lis-tened and we found common ground. We could use more compromise on the issues that confront this country in the work we do. I would hope my col-leagues would look at how we worked out these issues and use it as a model for other opportunities to move for-ward on issues that are important. 
Senator C
ORKER pointed out why we 
are here—why we had a bill for con-gressional review. It started in the 1990s, when Congress passed sanctions against Iran because we saw, at the time, that Iran was developing the nu-clear capacity to develop a nuclear weapon, and we said that could not happen. We imposed sanctions against Iran. Congress did this on several occa-sions in an effort to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state, tell-ing them there would be an economic price to pay until they changed course. 
Administrations—including Presi-
dent Obama’s administration—worked with the international community and we were able to get U.N. sanctions. Congress’s action was responsible for leading Iran to being willing to nego-tiate, and that is where we are today. Only Congress—only Congress—can permanently remove those sanctions or permanently change those sanctions. 
So Congress must be involved in the 
sanctions and in the discussions. That is exactly what this legislation does. It provides an orderly process for us to re-view any agreement reached by the President and our negotiating partners with Iran. No congressional action will take place until and unless the Presi-dent submits an agreement that he has made with our negotiating partners and Iran. 
The April 2 framework that was re-
cently announced is not an agreement and is not subject to review. There would be a 30-day review period, during which Congress would have the oppor-tunity to review the agreement. No sanctions or additional sanction relief could be imposed during that 30-day pe-riod. If you read the April 2 framework, the President has made it clear that Iran will only get sanction relief if they earn sanction relief, if there is concrete progress made in dismantling their nuclear program. It is hard to be-lieve that could take place within 30 days. So this 30-day period is a very reasonable period for Congress to be able to review any agreement. 
As Senator C
ORKER pointed out, all 
information—all information—would be presented to us, and we would have an opportunity for full hearings and de-bate as to what we should do. It would follow the regular congressional order as far as committee hearings and po-tential action on the floor of the Sen-ate and the House. Senator C
ORKER  
pointed out the options we would have. We could approve the agreement, we could disapprove the agreement, we 
could pass legislation affecting the sanctions, we could take whatever ac-tion we think is appropriate, but no ac-tion is required. 
The agreement can commence with-
out congressional action. If we do take congressional action, the President has the prerogative of a veto, and if the President vetoes, we have the preroga-
tive of an override of the veto. That is how the checks and balances system of our country should operate. 
There is a second major component 
to this legislation and that is for the oversight of an agreement after it is reached; that is, there would be a quar-terly certification by the President of the United States to Congress that Iran is in compliance with the agreement. If there is a material breach, it would trigger an expedited process so Con-gress could act, that we could not only snap back sanctions that may have been relieved, but if appropriate, we could impose additional sanctions if Iran had a material breach of the agreement. That is very important be-cause I think we all agree, if we are going to have an effective agreement, that agreement must give us time be-fore Iran can become a nuclear weap-ons country; that we can, through full inspections, determine if they have breached the agreement because, quite frankly, no agreement is going to be based on trust because we don’t trust Iran. It is going to be based upon in-spections and being able to confirm their compliance with the agreement. If they don’t comply with the agree-ment, we need to make sure we have adequate time and take adequate steps to prevent them from becoming a nu-clear weapons state. This review proc-ess and an expedited process in Con-gress puts Congress in the position of working with the administration to make sure we take those effective steps. 
As Senator C
ORKER pointed out, 
there are other issues with Iran in ad-dition to the nuclear proliferation issues. We have serious concerns about Iran. It sponsors terrorism. Its human rights violations against its own citi-zens is horrible. Its ballistic missile program is of great concern. The threats against Israel and other coun-tries in that region are all of direct in-terest to the United States. So, in this legislation, we provide for regular re-ports twice a year to the Congress of the United States about the activities that Iran is participating in, in regard to terrorism and human rights. 
I call our colleagues’ attention to the 
detailed requirements, on pages 37 and 38 of the bill, concerning issues about whether Iran’s financial institutions are engaged in money laundering, whether Iran is advancing its ballistic missile program, an assessment of whether Iran has directly supported, fi-nanced, planned or carried out any ter-rorism against the United States, ‘‘whether, and to the extent to which, Iran supported acts of terrorism . . . all actions, including international 
fora, being taken by the United States to stop, counter, and condemn acts by Iran’’ involving terrorism; ‘‘the impact on the national security of the United States and the safety of United States citizens as a result of any Iranian ac-tions reported under this paragraph. . . . ’’ It is all required that that infor-mation be given to us because we may want to use that for other strategies against Iran. 
An amendment that was added re-
quires ‘‘an assessment of whether vio-lations of internationally recognized human rights in Iran have changed, in-creased, or decreased, as compared to the prior 180-day [period].’’ 
We are going to monitor their human 
rights record, and we will have that in-formation. So, yes, we are concerned about issues beyond nuclear prolifera-tion, but this agreement that is now being negotiated by the President deals with preventing Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state. 
It is clear. I want to underscore this 
because Senator C
ORKER was very 
strong to make sure it got into the bill. It says that ‘‘United States sanctions on Iran for terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missiles will re-main in place under an agreement. . . .’’ We are not talking about actions we have taken against Iran for ter-rorism or human rights violations. 
That is a separate issue—a major con-cern to us. What we are talking about is how do we implement oversight and review an agreement concerning nu-clear weapons programs. 
And lastly, we make it very clear in 
this agreement that ‘‘the President should determine the agreement in no way compromises the commitment of the United States to Israel’s security, nor its support for Israel’s right to exist.’’ Israel is a key ally of the United States and our friendship is deep. Our commitment is solid. We make that very clear in the bill that is before you. 
Let me conclude with two additional 
points—one dealing with the amend-ment process. As Senator C
ORKER  
pointed out, we asked Members who be-lieve they can approve this bill to come forward. Let’s see the amendments and try to work with you on the amend-ments. Let’s maintain the bipartisan cooperation we have. Let’s maintain a strong bill that accomplishes its pur-pose. Come down and let us take a look at it. Remember, we have a lot of strong views in the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee and we came to-gether. Let’s keep that same spirit, and I would just urge those who may have amendments to come on down and let us see them. We have today and up to before next Tuesday. Share them with us so we have an opportunity to keep the unity we have. 
Then, lastly, I just want to join 
where Senator C
ORKER began, and that 
is to thank the incredible effort that took place on behalf of this bill. Sen-ator C
ORKER already mentioned all my 
colleagues who were involved here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.039 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2384 April 23, 2015 
Senator M ENENDEZ and Senator 
KAINE are both on the floor. On the 
Democratic side, they are the authors of this bill. They are the ones who drafted it. They are the ones who are responsible for why we are here today— from the Democrats. I thank both of them. From the beginning they said: We want a process to review. We are not talking about the merits. The mer-its are something we will pick up later. We want to preserve the normal pre-rogatives of the Senate, and we want to keep politics out of it. That was their intent from day one. Quite frankly, working with Senator C
ORKER , that is 
what I carried out in my negotiations with Senator C
ORKER ; to maintain that 
balance that was the intent of the leg-islation. So I thank both of them and the other members of our committee who were involved. 
Lastly, on a point of personal privi-
lege right now, because I might forget to do this later, I want to thank Jodi Herman of our staff and Margaret Tay-lor, Algene Sajery, and Chris Lynch for the extraordinary amount of time they put in. 
I want to thank President Obama. I 
want to thank President Obama for giving me his time so I understood what he was trying to achieve and how we could work together in order to achieve the objectives of the United States, and I thank Katie Fallon and Denis McDonough of his staff for the work they put in so we could reach this moment. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
want to rise in support of this bipar-tisan legislation, with a sincere hope that we can pass the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act as it was unani-mously voted out of the committee. 
I have worked tirelessly with the 
chairman and with the ranking mem-ber and with members of the com-mittee—Senator K
AINE, who had so 
much input in the conceptualization of what we wanted to do to bring this bill to the floor with the strongest bipar-tisan support. 
In my view, the best way to send a 
clear message to Tehran about our ex-pectations is for Congress to pass the Corker-Menendez Iran Nuclear Agree-ment Review Act as it was voted out of committee. The spirit of bipartisanship that underscores Congress’s critical role in the highest priority, national security, the nuclear nonproliferation challenge of our time, was unani-mously passed out of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee. I hope we can send this same message from the Senate floor. 
Countering Iran’s nuclear ambitions 
has been something I have worked on passionately for a long time. Senator C
ORKER and I fashioned language that 
became the framework of this final bill to ensure that Congress remains en-gaged in reviewing and, if there is an agreement, overseeing its implementa-
tion. 
So I want to thank Chairman 
C
ORKER . He has just done an excep-
tional job. He had this concept before any of us were agreed to it, and he was willing to work with us—and was dog-ged, I must say—until we got to the point that we would come together and offer the legislation in a bipartisan way. That has been the hallmark of his chairmanship and it was the hallmark of his time as ranking member when I was chairman. I appreciate the fashion in which he has worked to continue to move the committee, as I started it, in a bipartisan way, because as the rank-ing member Senator C
ARDIN says, that 
is when we are most powerful in terms of foreign policy. 
I thank Senator C
ARDIN for his work 
in helping to forge a deal that both sides of the aisle can come to this floor and support with a clear conscience, knowing that we have sent a clear mes-sage to Tehran and that we are united, as we have always been, on Iran policy, and on this issue we speak with one voice. 
The simple fact is, if the P5+1 and 
Iran ultimately achieve a comprehen-sive agreement by the June deadline, at the end of the day, Congress must make a judgment on it and have over-sight responsibility. This legislation provides it. It establishes a managed process for congressional review and a framework for congressional oversight. 
Now, I differentiate between this 
agreement and others the administra-tion has cited for exclusive Executive action because the sanctions relief that is at the heart of this deal was crafted by Congress and enacted by Congress into law. It is primarily statutory. As the author of those sanctions, working with others, I can tell you we never en-visioned a wholesale waiver of sanc-tions without congressional input and without congressional action. 
The limited sanctions relief provided 
in the law was intended to provide the President with discretion to waive spe-cific sanctions in specific cir-cumstances, such as if a country was making real progress in reducing their oil purchases from Iran. So my goal has always been one goal; that is, to make certain Iran does not have the in-frastructure to develop a nuclear weap-on. 
I have worked on that goal since my 
earliest days in Congress. Now, as we approach the witching hour for an agreement, the best way to achieve our goal is with bipartisan support on this legislation that strengthens the U.S. hand in moving from a political frame-work to a comprehensive agreement and sets out clear and decisive expecta-tions for Iranian compliance. 
The message we send to Tehran is 
that sanctions relief is not a given, and sanctions relief certainly is not a prize for signing on the dotted line. This bill ensures that Iran must fully comply with all provisions of an agreement that effectively dismantle its nuclear weapons program and provide robust 
inspection and verification mecha-nisms to ensure its compliance with every word of that deal. 
If Iran breaches an agreement, Con-
gress will have the ability to restore sanctions on an expedited basis. Now, as I have said, I have been outspoken on this issue from the beginning, for years, for as long as I have been here. Frankly, I have many questions about the framework agreement. I have ques-tions about the divergent under-standings of the agreement. 
I have questions about the pace of 
sanctions relief. I do not believe Iran should get a signing bonus. I am con-cerned by the President’s most recent statement that greater sanctions relief could come upfront for Iran. I have questions about Iran’s retention of re-search and development authorities and to what extent they can advance their research and development, be-cause greater research and develop-ment means more sophisticated cen-trifuges that can spin faster and, there-fore, dramatically reduce breakout time toward a nuclear bomb. 
I am concerned about the ability to 
snap back sanctions if there are viola-tions of the agreement. From what I can see, we have a committee process that will not guarantee that the snap-back will take place or that it will take place expeditiously. I am con-cerned about the International Atomic Energy Administration’s ability to ob-tain ‘‘anytime-anywhere’’ snap inspec-tions. What happened to Iran having to come clean about the possible military and weapons dimensions of their pro-gram? 
More than anything else, I am con-
cerned about what will happen when the critical elements of the proposed agreement expire after 10 years. Are we relegated to accepting Iran as a nu-clear weapons state? The presumption that Iran will become a compliant Nu-clear Non-Proliferation Treaty state in that time for me is not borne out when you see their insistence and our acqui-escence to keeping key nuclear infra-structure and key nuclear facilities under the agreement. 
It is not borne out by history. Iran 
has been on a single path toward nu-clear weapons for more than 20 years. By deceit and deception—sometimes without detection until there were well-established covert facilities—they have advanced their drive for nuclear power to the precipice of achieving a nuclear bomb. For me, these are all issues that speak more forcefully to the reasons for having congressional review and oversight of any potential agreement. 
Now, I did not fashion, along with 
colleagues, a sanctions regime for the sake of sanctions. It was for the sake of getting Iran to deter its course. There is no one who would want to see the successful result of that design more than I. But by the same token, I do em-brace what the administration has said time and time again that no deal is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.040 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2385 April 23, 2015 
better than a bad deal. I will independ-
ently judge what that deal is when and if there is a final deal. 
At a minimum, this legislation gives 
us the oversight role to monitor and address our concerns. So I urge my col-leagues, when the bill comes for a vote, to vote for it as it was voted out of committee, because it does what all of us want to do: provides a clear oppor-tunity for a review of any agreement, so we can express, if desired, our sup-port or opposition to any agreement and have a clear oversight role with es-tablished parameters for compliance. 
Let’s vote on what the agreement 
does, not what it might have done or could have done if we had different amendments to it. I respect everybody’s views and everybody’s rights to have amendments. I hope those who have ideas will work with the chairman and the ranking member. But I will oppose amendments, at least with my own vote, that I consider to be poisonous and that undermine the very essence of what we have accomplished in the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. 
Sometimes you have to know when 
you hit a home run and be able to cross the plate and say, We hit a home run— and not think that you are still stuck in the dugout. What we did in the com-mittee is pretty close to a home run as far as I can see it. So let’s vote on the merits of the bill that give us the over-sight and the ability to pass the judg-ment that we need to send a clear mes-sage that we are united in our deter-mination to prevent Iran from ever be-coming a nuclear weapons state, poten-tially igniting a nuclear arms race in the most dangerous tinderbox of the world. 
So I urge my colleagues to suppress 
any intentions that will drive us to a point that we can’t have that strong vote, that we can’t send that strong message to Iran. There is no stronger message to Iran, particularly in this critical time, in which I think we strengthen the administration and the P5+1’s hand by saying there is a con-gressional review and potential judg-ment. 
So that final agreement we get, hope-
fully, can be one we can all embrace. We can do that—we can actually have an effect by passing this legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I just 
want to again thank Senator M
ENEN -
DEZ for his tremendous leadership on 
this issue. He brought up a point I wish I had made in my opening comments. I have made it every time I have pre-sented this bill elseways. But a lot of people do not realize that at present, because of the waivers that are part of the sanctions that we put in place— some of them through independent pieces of legislation, some of them through NDAAs—in each case the President was given a national security waiver. Again, as the Senator mentioned, it 
was never thought that waiver would be utilized to waive things ad infi-nitum. At present—a lot of people do not realize this—but the President today has the power, without this leg-islation, to go straight to the U.N. Se-curity Council, without coming to Con-gress, and implement whatever deal he wants to implement with Iran. He has that ability. 
So when you think about what is 
happening here, and this is what is so powerful about this bipartisan effort, is that we together—we together—have said: Wait a minute. If we pass this leg-islation, we want to retake the ability ourselves to lift those sanctions or to have them lifted; we do not want the President going straight to the U.N. Security Council. 
I know Senator K
AINE is on the floor. 
I cannot thank him enough for getting involved at the time he did. I remem-ber distinctly in the committee meet-ing, where we had testimony from our Secretary of State, him articulating, better than anyone yet, the fact that at some point down the road we are going to have to permanently lift the sanctions, which, by the way, could be 5, 6, 7 years down the road, long after the sanctions regime has totally im-ploded. We are going to have to do it permanently down the road. 
Would it not make sense for us to go 
ahead and review this on the front end and have the opportunity, if we think it is not something worthy of this, to disapprove or to approve if we decide to do that. 
So I know Senator K
AINE wants to 
speak. I cannot thank him enough for his knowledge of congressional respon-sibilities as it relates to these kinds of issues and his input, which was invalu-able at the time it occurred. He really created the momentum for us to move ahead. 
I will yield the floor, thanking him 
very much for his efforts in this regard. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak in favor of the Corker-Menendez bill. I thank Chairman C
ORKER for his 
kind words and for the opportunity to work together on something, in what I believe to be the best traditions of our committee and the Senate. I thank my ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN , for 
being a great facilitator at the end to help us get over a number of chal-lenging issues, to a point of unanimity on the committee, and to Senator M
ENENDEZ , whose long-term interest 
on this issue has been so consistent and so helpful and whose work on this par-ticular piece of legislation was critical. 
I believe Senator C
ORKER began, and 
I want to begin as well, with a condo-lence to the family of Dr. Weinstein, a Marylander who—the announcement today about his death in Afghanistan in a drone strike sort of reminds us of the stakes that are involved in these kinds of issues. When we are talking about American military action or about diplomacy around a nuclear 
weapons program, it is not a bill we are talking about, it is not a concept we are talking about, we are talking about human lives; that even in the best of circumstances there will be days like today when there will be sad news and Americans who are in harm’s way be-cause of the dangerous nature of the world—and I feel like the announce-ment today about Dr. Weinstein—our condolences to his family should re-mind us of the seriousness of our obli-gation. 
Senator C
ARDIN started with that 
great wisdom of Senator Vandenberg that ‘‘politics stops at the water’s edge.’’ Now, we probably all know that was never 100 percent true. I know a little bit about some of the challenges Jefferson and other Virginians had early. There is always politics, but there is a core wisdom to that prin-ciple, a very important wisdom. 
Of course, we are going to battle be-
cause we see things differently, and people seeing things differently can sometimes get to a greater under-standing. That is what we hope to do. But the reason politics should stop at the water’s edge is because we want to send a unified message to our allies as they depend on us. We need to send a unified message to our adversaries about our intentions. 
But I would say in a personal way, 
because of maybe representing the Commonwealth of Virginia, we have to send a unified message to the men and women in our armed services who serve, who are serving in battlefields, who are serving in theaters of military operations around the world. When we are contemplating decisions about something so big that could potentially lead to war—we just deployed Virginia- based ships like the Theodore Roosevelt 
to Yemen to potentially check Iranian ambitions vis-a-vis the Houthi rebels in Yemen. Those are Virginians, many from other States, who are deployed on those ships. 
We owe it to those who are serving 
and risking their lives to try to be as nonpartisan as we can, so they know they are not serving just because one party thinks they should or the other party thinks they should, but the mis-sions they are undertaking are mis-sions of national consensus. I feel that very strongly. That is why I am so gratified this bill now reaches the floor on a fundamental matter in a bipar-tisan way. 
With respect to our negotiations with 
Iran, there was a view out there on the table that if Congress wanted to be in-volved, it must be because we are against diplomacy. In the committee I said that notion was offensive to me. There were those even who suggested that those who wanted a congressional oversight role were prowar, which was highly offensive and insulting. 
I am prodiplomacy. I supported the 
President’s commencement of these ne-gotiations in November of 2013. I think America has a wonderful diplomatic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.043 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2386 April 23, 2015 
tradition where we have been able to 
achieve a lot when diplomacy is done right. 
I actually think the negotiation pe-
riod from November 2013 to today has 
produced tangible benefits for the United States, our allies, and the world because Iran has rolled back its stock-pile of 20-percent enriched uranium. They have allowed inspections they didn’t allow before. And even nations and leaders who were skeptical about whether the negotiation would work have admitted to me: Maybe I shouldn’t have been skeptical. The ne-gotiation period has produced some benefits. 
In the framework announced on April 
2, I see some items I like and I see some other things I have some deep questions about. But a commitment by Iran, for example, to roll back uranium stockpiles from 10,000 kilograms to 300 kilograms—just a fraction of what would be necessary to produce even one weapon—would be very positive. 
But I say all that just to say that as 
a prodiplomacy Senator, as someone who would love to find a negotiation that would work to a positive end, I be-lieve strongly that a congressional re-view role of a matter such as this is necessary, it is helpful, and it is some-thing, frankly, that the American pub-lic deserves. It is necessary for the rea-sons that have been described. 
Now, a President, under article II 
powers, has significant ability to con-duct foreign policy and even strike agreements without congressional ap-proval. There are many things a Presi-dent can do in the foreign policy sphere without congressional approval. 
But this is fundamentally a negotia-
tion about what Iran must do to get out from under sanctions that Congress has constructed, that Congress has im-posed, and that Congress has perfected and approved over the years. If that is the negotiation, there is no way to have an ultimate deal about the unwinding and eventual repeal of a congressional sanctions statute with-out congressional review. So Congress is necessary to this deal. 
Second, congressional review is help-
ful. It is helpful for the negotiators, as they are in this final chapter, to know that they must negotiate to their very best because they will have to sell this deal to Congress as the elected rep-resentatives of the American people. That is a helpful discipline for our ne-gotiators. It is helpful for the Iranians who want to get out from under con-gressional sanctions to have some sense of how Congress might ulti-mately look at this deal. 
Put yourself in the Iranian shoes. We 
want them to make huge concessions, not modest ones. But what is their in-centive to make big concessions to get out from under congressional sanctions if they have no idea what Congress will likely do? We have put a process in place that will give them some sense of what Congress would do in an orderly way, and that will be an incentive, I believe, for larger concessions. Not only is this review bill necessary, 
not only is it helpful, but it is what the American public expects and deserves. I think we have all been looking at the way the American public has been re-acting to this negotiation. 
The American public is like all of us. 
They are deeply worried about an Ira-nian nuclear weapons program. They are like all of us. They would love it if we could find a diplomatic end to the Iranian nuclear weapons program. They are like all of us. They are skep-tical about whether Iran will follow an agreement, and they overwhelmingly believe that if there is an agreement, it should be an agreement that Congress approves. 
Why do they think Congress should 
approve it? Is it because we have fan-tastic approval ratings? Absolutely not. We don’t have great approval rat-ings. But, the American public says: In our anxiety about whether we can trust Iran on a deal, we will feel better if both the executive and the legislative have looked at this deal and con-cluded—like you would try to get a sec-ond opinion from a doctor on some-thing that was very important—that it is a good deal for our country and our national security. They are going to feel more comfortable, given the nat-ural anxiety they have about Iranian compliance. 
That is why this bill is so important. Finally, I want to talk about how the 
bill got here because I do think there is a lesson for the floor activity on the bill but also for the body, more gen-erally. 
This bill was filed in original version 
in 2014, and I did not sign onto it. 
Our chairman, Senator C
ORKER , and I 
were in the Middle East in January with five other Senators, in Saudi Ara-bia, Qatar, and Israel. 
As we returned after a set of discus-
sions with governmental leaders, mili-tary leaders, civil society, and political leaders about many topics, including the Iranian negotiation, Senator C
ORKER , a friend, sort of challenged me 
a little bit: Hey, you are the guy who likes to say that Congress needs to play a role. I have been pushing hard for Congress to play a role in an au-thorization of military force against ISIL. If that is what you think, why aren’t you on this bill about congres-sional approval of a deal with Iran? 
I said: You are absolutely right con-
gressional approval, but there are some aspects of the bill I don’t like. 
The chairman said to me: Then, fine, 
you rewrite it or propose amendments, and let’s see if we can work together. 
So I did and others did, and we put 
our best good-faith proposals down on the table. We found a listening ear, a staff, and a set of Senators on both sides of the aisle who were willing to try to exercise that congressional ap-proval role—but do it in the right way, not the wrong way. 
When we filed this bill on September 
27, there were two Democratic original sponsors and two Republican original sponsors. Then there were five addi-
tional Democratic cosponsors and five additional Republican cosponsors. 
So from the very day this bill hit the 
floor, we were trying to build it in a bi-partisan way to show that the Vanden-berg maxim, although it is not as true even when it was stated and it cer-tainly is not as true today as we would like it, still had some power. And we wanted to show the body that we could do it in a bipartisan way so that our al-lies, our adversaries, and our troops would see that we could act in a bipar-tisan way on something so important. 
There were steps between the filing 
of the bill and the Foreign Relations Committee action that threatened to push the bill off of the bipartisan rails into partisanship in ways that might have served the short-term purpose but that would have probably killed the bill. The chairman and others made sure that did not happen. 
So when we got to the vote in the 
Foreign Relations Committee—and it went from 2 plus 2, to 7 plus 7, and eventually, 19 to zero—we carefully worked at every step along the way to make this bipartisan and, hopefully, to send an example on the floor that this is what it should be. Robust debate and amendment, of course, is what this body is about. But we want to make sure that review of this most impor-tant matter is done in a way that is careful, prompt, and deliberate, accord-ing to rules that all can respect and all can understand. 
I conclude with thanks to my col-
leagues on the committee, to the lead-ership of the chair—both as the origi-nal drafter of the bill, then as the drafter willing to entertain other ideas, and then as the chair of this com-mittee, trying to bring this to a pro-ductive place. 
I thank Senator C
ARDIN for his great 
role in helping us bridge differences and, especially, for his communication with the White House. The White House threatened to veto this bill, but Senator C
ARDIN , probably better than 
most, was able to listen to the con-cerns and then try to respond to the concerns in a way that we could make the bill productive. 
This matter is so important that we 
just cannot tackle it in any way other than trying to follow—the best we hu-manly can—that Vandenberg maxim. I hope, as we get into deliberations on the floor next week, that this would be the spirit of all the colleagues who tackled this most important matter. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator K
AINE. I appreciate his outline 
of how this legislation went from un-likely to have much impact, because we didn’t have the consensus and the numbers necessary to get it through the finish line. It would have had a very, very difficult time getting through the committee—let alone the floor of the Senate, the House, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.044 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2387 April 23, 2015 
signed by the President—but for how 
people listen to each other. 
So I am pleased the two of you went 
on the trip together because I think we need to do more of that in the Senate. 
Senator K
AINE and Senator C ORKER  
are both individuals who have a deep respect for the proper role of the Sen-ate, the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, and the Senators. 
I am proud to serve with both of you. 
I am pleased to see that we have found ways that we really can bridge dif-ferences in order to achieve a common purpose. We were not interested in scoring political points. We are inter-ested in doing what our responsibility is all about. 
So Senator C
ORKER is now probing a 
way in which we can reauthorize the State Department, the role that our committee should have, and, therefore, to directly deal with our responsibil-ities in the Senate through the appro-priate committee. I think all of these are efforts with which, working to-gether, we can have the Senate perform the proper role in this government of ours to make sure that the legislative branch weighs in where it is appro-priate on foreign policy issues. 
I thank Senator K
AINE and Senator 
CORKER for giving us a good model as 
to how legislation should be developed. I was proud to work with Senator C
ORKER so that we could get the White 
House and get some of our Members who didn’t quite share the enthusiasm of this legislation to a place where they are comfortable in supporting the bill—not only supporting the bill but enthusiastically supporting the bill in order to get it done. 
I also appreciate your mentioning 
Warren Weinstein. Warren Weinstein was a resident of Maryland. His wife, Elaine, I talked to on frequent occa-sions. She is a very brave woman and did everything she could to bring her husband home. Warren Weinstein was a USAID worker in Pakistan. He did that because he wanted to do good for the world. 
He was very well respected, carrying 
out his mission in a most professional way. He was on his way home, basi-cally, when he was kidnapped in 2011 by Al Qaeda. As we know, the President announced today that he was killed in January, along with an Italian na-tional who was also serving. Our thoughts and prayers first go out to the families. Our hearts are broken. 
Senator M
IKULSKI , Congressman 
DELANEY , and I have frequently met 
with the family over the years to try to put a spotlight at the appropriate time in dealing with the hostage situa-tion. It is very difficult to deal with a hostage situation when it is not a gov-ernment that is holding the person, and it makes it much more com-plicated. 
But I do think that in addition to 
doing everything we can to keep our Americans safe who go to these coun-tries on our behalf, using diplomacy, basically, and developing assistance for a more stable country, we have to do 
everything we can to keep them safe. We have to recognize the risk factors in circumstances such as this. We have to have strategies to do everything we possibly can to bring these people back home safely. 
I know you all share that. But then 
we have to make the world a little bit safer, and that is what this review stat-ute is all about. I do believe it does give us a better opportunity to get the right agreement from Iran that would prevent it from becoming a nuclear weapons power, which is a game chang-er for the security in that region. 
I wish to mention just one other ex-
ample. There was an enormous human tragedy when another boat carrying desperate refugees and migrants cap-sized in the Mediterranean Sea. In the most recent instance over 850 men, women, and children have died. Now these are very desperate situations when you take these dangerous voy-ages. 
The number of people who have died 
in the Mediterranean—in 2014 we know that well over 218,000 refugees and mi-grants crossed the Mediterranean Sea, many fleeing violence, conflicts, and persecution in Syria, Iraq, and Eritrea. We also know that Yemen is involved here. Last year’s death total surpassed 1,750 victims. 
I mention that because what Iran is 
doing in this region is adding to the migration and refugee issues. Its sup-port of terrorism, its involvement in Yemen, its involvement in Syria, and its involvement in other countries are causing people to take desperate action in order to stay safe. So we are here today to do something about that. 
It is just another motivation for us 
to do everything we can to provide the types of policies that are necessary in that region of the world to make peo-ple safer and to have sustainable coun-tries that can protect all of their citi-zens. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today 
we will begin the most important de-bate this Congress will have this year, probably this Congress, perhaps in the entire tenure any Member of this Sen-ate has. This debate is not just about this piece of legislation but about a nu-clear Iran and the consequences a nu-clear Iran would create for the world. 
Iran is today the greatest threat to 
the world. Iran already is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, ac-cording to the Obama administration’s own State Department. We see their re-gional aggression on display in Syria, in Lebanon, in Iraq, and now in Yemen. They have a very bad habit of killing Jews around the world, from Israel, to 
Bulgaria, to Argentina. They hold four U.S. citizens hostage today without just cause or due process. They do all those things without a nuclear weapon and with tens of billions of dollars fro-zen overseas. 
What could we expect if Iran is able 
to develop nuclear weapons capabili-ties? 
First, we will see more regional ag-
gression as they use their nuclear um-brella to continue their drive for re-gional dominance throughout the Mid-dle East. They would use the tens of billions of dollars sanctions relief would give them not to build hospitals or schools or roads or to improve the lives of their people but, rather, to prop up their proxies, such as the Hezbollah or the Houthis or the Shiite militia currently at risk of tearing Iraq apart. 
Second, they are likely to use those 
nuclear weapons. Ayatollah Khamenei, the original Supreme Leader, upon tak-ing power said the Islamic revolution did not care about Iran or the Persian nation or its history, they cared about spreading worldwide Islamic revolu-tion. This is not a normal state, and these are not normal leaders. 
Third, we will see a nuclear arms 
race throughout the Middle East. As many Senators in this institution have heard from senior government officials of Sunni states throughout the gulf, they cannot tolerate a Persian Shiite nuclear power. Whether they develop with their indigenous capabilities, in some instances, or whether they pur-chase it from overseas, we will see the world’s most dangerous and volatile re-gion strung with nuclear tripwires. 
Fourth, these countries may provide 
nuclear weapons to terrorists to be used against American troops in the re-gion, against our allies, such as Israel, or other countries or in one of the har-bors on America’s coasts, if not in America’s heartland. 
Fifth, terrorists or insurgents could 
get their hands on nuclear materials if they were able to destabilize or topple the wrong regime, as has tended to happen in the Middle East in the last 4 years and in recent decades. 
The President started these negotia-
tions on the grounds that we would stop Iran from getting a nuclear weap-on. Yet he has consistently backpedaled, conceded, and reversed himself. Rather than now trying to dis-mantle and disarm Iran’s nuclear arms program, we are content to trying to manage it, to limit its breakout time to 1 mere year, if that. 
The United Nation’s Security Council 
has passed multiple resolutions saying that Iran has no right to enrich ura-nium. Yet now we are going to concede Iran the right to keep thousands of centrifuges, to continue advanced re-search into centrifuges, and to keep its stockpile of uranium. 
The President said barely more than 
a year ago, after the negotiations started, that Iran had no reason to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.046 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2388 April 23, 2015 
have a hardened underground military 
bunker in which they kept centrifuge cascades in Fordow. Yet, according to our own proposed fact sheet—much of which Iran disputes—we are going to concede the Fordow issue. 
The President said at the very same 
time after negotiations had begun that Iran had no reason to keep its uranium stockpiles, and Iran had, in fact, re-portedly agreed to tentatively export those to a third party. At the last minute, in Switzerland earlier this month, they reversed themselves, say-ing they were going to insist on keep-ing their stockpile, and we conceded on that front as well. 
We have insisted throughout the pe-
riod of these negotiations that we would not grant Iran immediate sanc-tions relief. The President’s own term sheet said we wouldn’t grant such re-lief. Iran’s term sheet says differently. Just Friday, when confronted with this discrepancy, the President said we may have to find creative ways around this disagreement—creative ways to give Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, on its way to becoming a nuclear threshold power, tens of bil-lions of dollars and reportedly even a $50 billion signing bonus, as if Iran were not a theocratic dictatorial re-gime but a blue chip prospect in the NFL draft. 
These negotiations have also ex-
cluded most of Iran’s outlaw behavior— currently developing intercontinental ballistic missiles for which there is no reason other than striking the United States; holding those four hostages without due process or fair trials—and stopping its regional aggression and stopping its support for terrorism. 
This legislation has some good ele-
ments in it. It would suspend the Presi-dent’s ability to waive any sanctions for approximately 7 weeks while we consider any proposed bill if such a deal is reached at some point in the fu-ture. It would also require the Presi-dent to certify every 90 days that Iran is living up to its obligations under any such deal. But it only goes into effect after such a deal is announced. Any deal along the lines the President pro-posed 2 weeks ago is dangerous for the United States and dangerous for the world, and it is Congress’s job to stop such a deal before it happens. 
The sponsors of this bill didn’t upend 
the constitutional baseline. This bill should be submitted for a treaty. The President should have to get 67 votes for a major nuclear arms agreement with an outlaw regime. Instead, Con-gress has to get 67 votes in the Senate to block such a bill. That is why I in-tend to support Senator J
OHNSON ’s 
amendment that would require this to be submitted as a treaty. 
This legislation omits most of Iran’s 
outlaw behavior, and it doesn’t lay out the terms on which Congress would in-sist, before there is sanctions relief, in addressing this outlaw behavior. And it may allow the President to argue in the future—if a mere 34 Senators vote against a resolution of disapproval— 
and say that Congress has acquiesced in his agreement and that he now has support from the Congress and is not just acting on his own whim. 
Therefore, I expect to offer and I ex-
pect to support amendments that are offered in three main categories—first, an amendment that would treat any resolution of disapproval as a privi-leged amendment subject not to a 60- vote threshold but to a 51-vote thresh-old. We should not let 34 Senators block a resolution of disapproval from going into effect. We certainly shouldn’t allow 41 Senators to impede the will of 59 Senators who disagree with any future deal from forcing the President to veto it and depriving him of the ability to claim that Congress has acquiesced to his action. 
The second main category would be 
to limit the administration’s discre-tion in the future on reporting about breaches of an agreement, should an agreement be reached and should it not be blocked by the Congress. 
This legislation says the administra-
tion should report potentially signifi-cant breaches to the Congress and then determine whether those potentially significant breaches are a material breach, which is defined as substan-tially reducing Iran’s breakout time or improving Iran’s nuclear program. We should strike those lawyers’ vague terms. They should submit every breach to us. They should submit every time the breakout time is decreased or Iran’s nuclear program improves its po-sition. It is our job as the people’s rep-resentatives to decide whether it is ma-terial, whether it is significant. 
The third category of amendments is 
that Iran should not get sanctions re-lief until they live up to their inter-national obligations, until they meet the very baseline terms the President himself laid out at the beginning of these negotiations or even after the ne-gotiations had begun, and until Iran acts like a civilized country. 
There should be no sanctions relief 
until the President can certify that the hardened underground military facility at Fordow is closed. He himself said Iran had no need for it. 
There should be no sanctions relief 
until Iran has lived up to its inter-national obligation to the IAEA—the U.N.’s nuclear watchdog—and disclosed the past military dimensions of its nu-clear program, without which inspec-tors have no baseline to know what the status of their program is today. 
There should be no sanctions relief 
until the President can certify that Iran is not developing intercontinental ballistic missiles. They have missiles that can defend their own territory and that can strike most of their neighbors in the Middle East. They are devel-oping intercontinental ballistic mis-siles for one reason: to strike the United States with a nuclear warhead. 
There should be no sanctions relief 
until the President can certify that Iran is no longer sponsoring terrorism because it goes to the heart of the 
threat Iran poses. Other countries in the world are a nuclear threshold power—Japan, Germany, and South Korea. We don’t have debates about those countries being a nuclear thresh-old power because they are normal countries with normal leaders who do not call us the Great Satan and Israel the Little Satan and threaten to wipe Israel off the map. Until the nature of the Iran regime changes, we cannot allow them to have weapons of this na-ture. And they will not change until they have renounced terrorism. 
Next, the President should have to 
certify that Iran is not cooperating with North Korea—as it has done countless times on ballistic missile programs and nuclear technology—an outlaw regime whose current nuclear status foretells the future of this deal. In 1994, the agreed framework was sup-posed to stop North Korea from becom-ing a nuclear power. Yet, just 12 years later, they have developed nuclear weapons. Now, by most estimates, they have 20—a number that could double in just a few years—with much of the United States falling underneath the threat of a North Korean nuclear at-tack. 
Next, there should be no sanctions 
relief until all four American hostages are released—Pastor Saeed Abenini; Amir Hekmati, a decorated marine; Robert Levinson; and Jason Rezaian, a Washington Post reporter. That should have been a term before we even sat down at the table, that no American citizen will be held hostage by an out-law, third-rate regime like Iran—before we started negotiating with them. They and their families deserve no less. 
There should be no sanctions relief 
until the President can certify that Iran has agreed to anytime, anywhere inspections. This is an ongoing point of major dispute between President Obama and Iran’s leaders, but if we can’t go to their military facilities, if we can’t inspect any facility instantly, without notification, we will be en-gaged in the same kind of cat-and- mouse regime that has caused inspec-tion regimes to fail time and time again. 
Finally, Iran should recognize 
Israel’s right to exist. It is not too much to simply say that Israel has a right to exist as a Jewish and a demo-cratic country. This is a country that just a few months ago was tweeting— tweeting—nine different reasons why Israel should be annihilated from the world. 
These are very simple terms, most of 
which President Obama himself out-lined before these negotiations began or which are clear and binding inter-national obligations on Iran. They are good amendments that would strength-en this bill—a bill that touches on the most important issues that most of us will address during our time in the Senate. 
When we considered the Keystone 
Pipeline bill—an important bill but a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.047 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2389 April 23, 2015 
bill that dealt with a single pipeline— 
we considered almost 250 amendments, and we voted on 40. Surely, we should have the same kind of robust consider-ation, debate, and voting on this bill. I strongly support the majority leader’s call earlier this morning for exactly that kind of robust process. Most of these amendments touch directly on the heart of this legislation. I look for-ward to casting up-or-down votes on a 51-vote threshold on all of these amendments and many more that my colleagues may offer. 
I regret that I may miss some of this 
debate. I may have to ask some of my colleagues to submit amendments for me. My first child is due today. By the time this bill gets to the floor next week for debate and voting, I expect my first child will have arrived. But I will not allow my son to live under the threat of a nuclear Iran—the threat of nuclear attack and ultimate nuclear war—any more than I will allow the sons and daughters of all Americans to live under that threat. 
So I look forward to this debate. I 
look forward to stopping Iran from get-ting a nuclear weapon. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORKER. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
AND NORTH DAKOTA’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN VIET-NAM 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I rise 
today to continue our efforts to honor the Nation’s and North Dakota’s Viet-nam veterans and specifically those brave servicemembers who were killed in action during the Vietnam war. 
Mr. President, 198 soldiers from 
North Dakota died while serving in Vietnam. Today, I am honored to speak about some of these brave men and the stories their families have shared with us. I need to credit David Erbstoesser of 
Bismarck, a Vietnam veteran, for his service and for his years of reaching out to the family members of these fallen North Dakota patriots. Over the past 20 years, David contacted each family to obtain a photo of every serv-icemember and a photo of their grave-stone. I am grateful to David for meet-ing with my staff to share his collec-tion of obituaries, news articles, and photos he has collected. 
The Bismarck High students and 
their teachers are also researching North Dakota’s servicemembers who didn’t come home from Vietnam. Today, I am happy to include research 
from BHS’s 11th grade students about two such men: Gary Myers and David Bujalski. 
RAPHAEL ‘‘JOHN’’ FROST  
The first of our soldiers is John 
Frost. John was from Hunter. He was born on March 16, 1948. He served in the Army’s 196th Infantry Brigade. John was 20 years old when he was killed on December 20, 1968. 
John was the oldest of three children 
and helped his dad on the family farm. During high school, John participated in the school newspaper, choir, the Letterman’s Club, a school play, and was a class officer. He was also an all- around athlete who earned letters in track, baseball, football, and basket-ball. His mother Lois still remembers how proud she was the day he scored 33 points in one basketball game in a win-ning effort. 
After high school, John enrolled at 
Valley City State College. He was a quiet, fun-loving boy who dreamed of returning to his hometown to work as a teacher and basketball coach. 
John’s mother and brother Kevin re-
member John’s kindness, especially to-ward his Grandma Alice while she was staying with the family recuperating from breaking her hip. While his par-ents were out of town, John stayed home caring for his grandmother, even making potato pancakes for her. 
JON GREENLEY  
Jon Greenley was from Fargo. He was 
born on January 30, 1942. He served in the Air Force’s 774th Tactical Aerial Flight Squadron. Jon died on January 7, 1966. He was 23 years old. 
Jon was one of three sons. His broth-
er Doug remembers that Jon respected authority. Jon sent Doug a letter stat-ing that the only time he questioned their parents’ judgment was when he was buying a lawnmower and they sug-gested he buy a type he didn’t like. 
From a young age, Jon had an inter-
est in planes and in the military. He joined the North Dakota Air National Guard. When his parents wouldn’t take him to see the Air Museum in Ohio, he hitchhiked there. 
Jon attended North Dakota State 
University and became president of the international relations group there. He was named Outstanding ROTC of the Air Force and was the first alternate to the Air Force Academy. The Fargo AMVETS post, founded in 1980, was named after Jon. His body has never been recovered. 
DAN HERDEBU  
Dan Herdebu was from Baldwin. He 
was born on July 21, 1948. He served in the Army’s 1st Aviation Brigade. He was 19 years old when he died on March 10, 1968. 
Dan and his two brothers attended 
their two-room school through the eighth grade and attended Bismarck High School. 
Dan planned to put his aviation expe-
rience to good use by flying helicopters for law enforcement or medical facili-ties someday. 
Dan’s older brother Eugene was in 
basic training when Dan was killed in a helicopter crash in Vietnam. After Dan’s death, Eugene also served in Vietnam in the Army. 
ALAN HINZPETER  
Alan Hinzpeter was from Minot. He 
was born on May 12, 1949. He served in the Army’s 101st Airborne Division. Alan died on September 6, 1971. He was 22 years old. Alan was one of four chil-dren. His brother Gordie also served in Vietnam, and their father served in World War II in the Navy. 
Alan’s friends and family called him 
Pete and remember him as a hard worker who was smart and generous with his money. He was a jokester who liked everyone and whom everyone liked. His oldest sister Jean tells about the time he wanted to watch the World Series, so he smoked a cigarette at school so he would be suspended. Jean says that Alan was 5 feet 4 inches but had a big personality. Many people at-tended his funeral and still to this day remember him fondly. 
GERALD ALLEN ‘‘AL’’ IVERSON  
Al Iverson was from Oakes. He was 
born on May 26, 1947. He served in the Army’s 9th Infantry Division. He was 20 years old when he died on November 1, 1967. 
Al was the second youngest of 14 
kids—7 boys and 7 girls. Al’s siblings say he was a fun-loving brother with red hair and freckles. He loved baseball and fishing. He also enjoyed spending time with his older siblings’ kids, the oldest in his family, and he wanted to get married someday and have six kids of his own. 
Al had 3 months left before he was 
scheduled to return home. He was the first Dickey County soldier to die in Vietnam. 
NORBERT FROEHLICH  
Norbert Froehlich was from Belfield. 
He was born on March 4, 1947. He served in the Army’s 503rd Airborne Infantry Regiment. Norbert died on January 30, 1968. He was 19 years old. 
He was the ninth of 10 kids and grew 
up on his family farm. Three of his brothers also served our country in the military. 
His friends, both in the Army and 
from high school, remembered Norbert as a friend who stuck by them through thick and thin. His brother Don says that Norbert was wounded in Vietnam and was supposed to be on R&R in Aus-tralia but chose to stay in Vietnam to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.049 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2390 April 23, 2015 
help his fellow soldiers. His church in 
Belfield recognizes him every year on the anniversary of his death. After his death, the Army promoted Norbert to corporal. 
GERHARDT JUST  
Gerhardt Just was from Wishek and 
was born October 31, 1925. He served in the Army’s 1st Aviation Brigade. Gerhardt died on August 27, 1965. He was 39 years old. He was survived by his wife Lillian, daughters Oteeka and Cora, and his son Butch. 
Gerhardt joined the Army, served in 
Korea, and then reenlisted in the Army to provide for his family. 
Gerhardt’s oldest child, Oteeka, re-
members that it was so important for her dad to support his family finan-cially that after his pickup caught fire and burned the driver’s seat, he put a kitchen chair in the cab so he could drive to his second job. 
His kids have memories of spending 
their last time together working on the house he bought them, installing grass in the yard and painting the house days before his deployment. 
Gerhardt was killed just a month 
after arriving in Vietnam. 
Gerhardt’s children appreciate how 
after his death, Gerhardt’s parents and siblings always welcomed his widow and children into their family with open arms. 
GARY MYERS  
Gary Myers was from Fort Yates and 
was born on November 4, 1947. He served in the Marine Corps’s 3rd Recon-naissance Battalion. Gary was 20 years old when he died on May 13, 1968. 
Gary’s father served in the Army 
during the Korean war and was sta-tioned in Germany, where Gary was born. Gary spent 1 year at Dickinson State University before enlisting. 
Gary’s sister Linda remembers him 
as an outgoing person who loved to help people when he had a chance. He was an honor student and enjoyed play-ing sports, including wrestling, foot-ball, and rodeo. When we wasn’t busy with sports, Gary was helping his fa-ther work on their cattle ranch. 
Gary’s hometown friends and fellow 
soldiers reported that Gary was killed in Vietnam while leading a mission to retrieve his lieutenant’s body 1 month before Gary was scheduled to return home to his family in the United States. 
LARRY OLSON  
Larry Olson was from McHenry. He 
was born on June 26, 1945. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. Larry died on June 19, 1968. He was 22 years old. 
Larry’s grandfather served in World 
War I, his father in World War II, and his brother and nephews also served our country. 
Larry was the oldest of six children. 
His sister Rita remembers him as the big brother who always watched out for her and kept bullies away. 
Larry was a hard worker and a good 
friend. Fellow soldiers from his regi-ment loved Larry so much that they 
asked Rita to show them his grave. 
RICHARD ‘‘RICK’’ BORGMAN  
Rick Borgman was from Minot and 
was born on January 23, 1947. He served in the Army’s 101st Airborne Division. He was 21 years old when he died on March 3, 1968. 
Rick’s mother Anita and sister Pat 
remember him as a loving, gentle per-son. He participated in Boy Scouts, worked at the Red Owl grocery store, and enjoyed fast cars and life in gen-eral. 
Rick left behind his widow Linda, his 
son Shannon, and daughter Laura. Linda learned that she was pregnant with Laura shortly after Rick’s fu-neral. Linda remembers Rick’s big heart, great sense of humor, and that he was loved by many. She says she can see Rick whenever she looks at Shannon and Laura and that Shannon’s laugh is contagious, just as his dad’s was. 
Linda is grateful that her second hus-
band, Bruce Sullivan, a Vietnam vet-eran, adopted Shannon and Laura and lovingly helped her raise them. 
DAVID BUJALSKI  
David Bujalski was from Carrington. 
He was born on August 18, 1940. He served in the Army Corps of Engineers’ 65th Energy Battalion. On August 15, 1967, David died. He was 27 years old. 
David was the youngest of six chil-
dren, lovingly called ‘‘Little David.’’ But after reaching the height of 6 foot 2 inches, his family more often referred to cheerful and friendly David as a gentle giant. 
He graduated in the top third of his 
class from West Point and married Bar-bara. They had a daughter Elizabeth while David was stationed in Germany. They moved to Arizona, and David be-came a commander. His first sergeant there was quoted saying, ‘‘He was re-vered by his cadre, loved by his stu-dents, and respected by his superiors.’’ 
David felt a duty to serve in Viet-
nam, and 8 days after arriving there, he was killed by a sniper. His second daughter Kathleen was born 6 weeks later. 
David’s brother Jack, also a West 
Point graduate, wrote the following about his brother: 
David’s life was too short for him to have 
reached his full potential. We can only con-jecture as to what he would have achieved, but we do know that he influenced the lives of all who knew him. 
LESLIE CARTER  
Leslie Carter was from Jamestown. 
He was born on November 3, 1943. He served in the Navy as a medic. He was 24 years old when he died on July 1, 1968. 
Leslie left behind his widow Marlys 
and his daughter Heidi. Leslie met Marlys through his brother Douglas. While home on leave, Leslie won Marlys over, and the couple later mar-ried. A year after their wedding, their daughter Heidi was born. Heidi was 5 months old when her father died and never had an opportunity to meet him. One of Leslie’s high school friends, 
who also served in the Navy, James Bitz, called Leslie ‘‘Butch’’ and remem-bers him as one of the nicest, most gen-erous people he had ever had the pleas-ure of knowing. 
DAVID CORCORAN  
David Corcoran was from Grand 
Forks. He was born on May 5, 1951. He served in the Army’s 101st Airborne Di-vision. David died on June 26, 1969. He was 18 years old. 
David was one of five children and 
the only son. He loved hunting with his father, grandfather, and uncles. He also loved cars and playing basketball. David helped construct a figure 8 race-track in Grand Forks and was happy to be able to race his own cars on the track a few times before being de-ployed. 
Wanting to serve his country like his 
World War II veteran father, David joined the Army at age 17. His family hoped he would not be assigned to a combat unit because he was only 17, but a day after his 18th birthday, he re-ceived his orders to Vietnam. 
WILBERT FLECK  
Wilbert Fleck was from Breien and 
was born November 22, 1949. He served in the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. He was 19 years old when he died on July 27, 1969. 
Wilbert was one of 13 children—7 
boys and 6 girls. Six of the seven boys served in the military. 
Wilbert’s brothers and sisters remem-
ber him as a selfless and caring person. He was always willing to help out a neighbor. He was dedicated to caring for his aging parents and was ex-tremely protective of those he loved. 
Wilbert died taking charge of his pla-
toon after his platoon leader was killed. His sister Pauline says that this was just the kind of person he was—al-ways willing to put the needs of others before his own. Wilbert was Pauline’s best friend. 
LOWELL HARDMEYER  
Lowell Hardmeyer was from Mott. He 
was born on February 16, 1949. He served in the Army’s 198th Light Infan-try Brigade. He died on June 10, 1970. He was 21 years old. 
Lowell was the younger of two sons. 
He was a blue-eyed boy who loved horses and grew up on his family farm and ranch in the Prairie Hills. 
In 1967, Lowell graduated from high 
school and enrolled in the National Electronics Institute in Denver before serving in the Army. 
In Vietnam, Lowell had various du-
ties, including rear security guard, walking on point patrol, and radio op-erator. He was killed when his com-pany came under mortar attack. 
Lowell’s cousin, Lauren, remembers 
Lowell was a shy, sweet young man. Lauren says that Lowell’s parents, George and Clara Hardmeyer, grieved Lowell’s death until their own in the 1990s. 
MERLYN PAULSON  
Merlyn Pauslon was from Fargo and 
he was born on June 19, 1936. He served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.052 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2391 April 23, 2015 
in the Air Force’s 8th Tactical Fighter 
Wing. He was 35 years old when he went missing on March 29, 1972. 
Merlyn was one of nine children, six 
boys and three girls. Five of the boys served their country, three in World War II and two in Vietnam. 
Merlyn’s brother Bob remembers him 
as a wonderful boy who people couldn’t help but love. Bob jokes that Merlyn had personality to burn. 
Merlyn went missing when his plane 
was shot down by a surface-to-air mis-sile. Fourteen years later, in 1986, his body was finally recovered. Years later, his family was finally able to lay him to rest in Arlington National Ceme-tery. 
These are just a few stories that, by 
sharing today with the Senate and sharing today on the floor of the Sen-ate, I hope will remind us all of the tre-mendous sacrifice that not only these young men have provided for their country but the sacrifice also of their families, their children, and the wives they leave behind, the parents they leave behind, and that it is a constant reminder that we must never forget the duty to our country and we must never forget those among us who have paid the ultimate price. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE STATE OF THE SENATE AS 
AN INSTITUTION 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, in the 
last Congress, I came to the Senate floor to express my concern about the state of the Senate as an institution, how it had been beset by dysfunction, destructive partisanship, and corrosion of its vital characteristics. 
Today, I wish to reflect on some of 
the progress we have made in the first few months of this Congress in restor-ing this great institution to its essen-tial role in our constitutional system. While significant progress has been made, there still remains much more to be done. 
Central to properly understanding 
our responsibilities as Senators is an appreciation of the Senate’s role in our system of government. Consider the particularly distinct purposes of the two Houses of Congress. The House of Representatives is the organ of govern-ment designed to embody the will of the people. Its small constituencies and short terms allow its Members to be as closely in touch with the voters as pos-sible. With 435 Members, robust partici-pation by every Member in each debate is impossibly cumbersome. Thus, the House’s work is defined by majority rule as logically befits a body that rep-resents the popular will. By contrast, the Framers designed 
the Senate to serve as what they called ‘‘a necessary fence’’ against the ‘‘fick-leness and passion’’ that sometimes drives popular pressure for hasty and ill-considered lawmaking—or, as Ed-mund Randolph put it, ‘‘the turbulence and follies of democracy.’’ Similarly, James Madison described its purpose as ‘‘protect[ing] the people against the transient impressions into which they themselves might be led.’’ 
Through its character and its institu-
tional structure, the Senate not only checks transient and occasionally in-temperate impulses but also refines the popular will with wisdom and sound judgment. Perhaps the most important characteristic that guarantees this key function is the Senate’s relatively small size, which enables each and every Senator to contribute meaning-fully in debate. 
The primacy of individual Senators’ 
rights has long guided the development of the Senate’s rules and traditions, in-cluding the right to extend debate, open amendment consideration, and a committee system that gives all Mem-bers, from the most seasoned chairman to the newest freshman, a hand in drafting and improving legislation. Moreover, there is the reality that to function efficiently and effectively, the Senate frequently requires temporary modifications to the institution’s of-tentimes complex and cumbersome rules—agreements that require the unanimous consent of all Senators to take effect. 
The expansive rights of Senators are 
a double-edged sword—at once both the great genius of the institution and the source of some of the greatest pitfalls that may befall it. By giving a minor-ity of Senators—sometimes even a mi-nority of one—great sway over the business of the whole body, each one of us is entrusted with enormous powers that can be used to grind the Senate to a halt. These powers can be used to do enormous good when used wisely and judiciously—from forcing a majority to reconsider misguided legislation to ex-tracting important guarantees from the executive branch in exchange for allowing a nomination to go forward. 
The former Senator from Oklahoma, 
Dr. Tom Coburn, was a leading expo-nent of these rights. During his time in the Senate, he was legendary for his use of the rules to stop wasteful spend-ing and limit the expansion of the Fed-eral Government. While we may not al-ways have agreed on particular mat-ters, it is beyond question that his willingness to stand up for what he be-lieved in—even in the face of over-whelming opposition—did enormous good for our Nation. Dr. Coburn’s serv-ice demonstrates exactly why the Sen-ate allows a minority to hold such a sway over this body. 
Nevertheless, while the whole Repub-
lic has benefited time and again from a Senate minority’s judicious exercise of its rights, we know all too well how these rights can be abused. Today, the Senate’s procedures have become by-
words for mindless obstruction. In the minds of many of our fellow citizens, what drives the exercise of minority rights is not the interests of thoughtful legislating or productive oversight but, rather, reflexive partisanship and polit-ical grandstanding. 
From various quarters, including 
some within this very body, we often hear calls to eliminate the various rights of the minority. Although these calls may be instinctively appealing, we should decisively reject them. After all, without these minority rights, the Senate would lose its unique character, which has allowed it to serve the Re-public so well for so many years. The Senate, stripped of its minority rights, would merely duplicate and needlessly frustrate the work of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
Those of us in the present day should 
recall that we are not the first in our Nation’s history to confront the poten-tial for great dysfunction. In par-ticular, we should recall the example of the late Senator from Montana, Mike Mansfield. Senator Mansfield served as majority leader from 1961 until 1977, holding that position longer than any other Senate leader. These were turbu-lent times for the Nation and the Sen-ate alike, when the issues of the day could hardly have been more divisive and problematic. 
Near the beginning of his tenure, 
when a determined minority stalled President Kennedy’s legislative prior-ities, Senator Mansfield faced great pressure from within his own party to exert the majority’s power more asser-tively. In an act of great courage, Mansfield resisted these calls to bend the Senate’s rules. Although tempted by the prospect of important policy and political victories, he instead counseled that the remedy to gridlock ‘‘lies not in the seeking of shortcuts, not in the cracking of nonexistent whips, not in wheeling and dealing, but in an honest facing of the situation and a resolution of it by the Senate itself, by accommodation, by respect for one another, [and] by mutual restraint.’’ 
Senator Mansfield was absolutely 
right, and his wisdom is perhaps more relevant now than ever. For the Senate to function effectively, Senators of all stripes must practice mutual re-straint—Republican and Democrat, conservative and liberal, majority and minority alike. 
In practice, restraint requires dif-
ferent sacrifices of different Senators, depending on their position. For the majority leadership, it is measured in part by what sort of measures are brought before the Senate for consider-ation. Do they tend to be divisive and partisan messaging bills, or do they tend to be measures that can gather bi-partisan support—those that may offer less prospects of a messaging victory but greater prospects for actually be-coming law? Have the measures typi-cally been considered by the com-mittee of jurisdiction, allowing for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.054 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2392 April 23, 2015 
thorough vetting and best chance for 
bipartisan consensus? 
Restraint is also measured in how 
the majority conducts its consider-ation of a particular measure. Is there an open amendment process that al-lows all Senators to contribute to the Chamber’s work and seek means of mu-tual accommodation, or does the ma-jority leader fill up the so-called amendment tree, thereby freezing leg-islation in the exact form that he de-mands? Is the full Senate allowed suffi-cient time for full and free debate on a measure important enough for consid-eration on the floor, or does the major-ity leader move to end debate as soon as it begins? 
The need for mutual restraint also 
creates correlative obligations for the minority. From filibusters, to poison- pill amendments, to objections, to rou-tine unanimous consent requests—an often underappreciated but incredibly important tool to chew up this body’s valuable time—Senators in the minor-ity have numerous ways in which they can grind this body to a halt and derail a measure. Senators on both sides of the aisle—myself included—have relied on these means before. Their use can be quite legitimate when employed judi-ciously and motivated by serious pol-icy disagreement; however, when em-ployed indiscriminately for the purpose of frustrating the operation of the Sen-ate for partisan gain, the use of such tactics is deeply improper. 
The appropriateness of the minori-
ty’s behavior hinges in large part on the actions of the majority. With the power to decide the Senate’s business, including what the Senate considers as well as how it considers it, the major-ity’s behavior rightfully shapes the mi-nority’s response. Majority restraint invites minority restraint, begetting productive legislating, whereas major-ity overreach invites minority intran-sigence, causing only dysfunction. 
The Senate’s dysfunction over the 
past few years resulted from exactly that—repeated instances of overreach by the majority in direct contradiction to the restraint counseled by Senator Mansfield. This overreach occurred along a wide variety of fronts, many of which my colleagues and I spoke out against in great detail. 
In the last Congress, many bills that 
received floor consideration had com-pletely bypassed the committee proc-ess. In fact, each of the past four Con-gresses set a new record for the use of this extraordinary procedure. The un-fortunate but predictable result was the waste of the Senate’s valuable floor time on partisan messaging bills that no one seriously expected to become law. 
Instead of allowing an open amend-
ment process, the previous majority used the procedural maneuver known as filling the tree to deny Senators the right to offer an amendment. By refus-ing to allow amendments out of a de-sire to prevent a vote on commonsense bipartisan ideas, such as building the Keystone XL Pipeline and rolling back 
bureaucratic red tape, the previous ma-jority invited minority opposition to the underlying measures, killing im-portant bipartisan legislation such as the energy efficiency bill and the sportsman’s bill. 
In the last Congress, almost a year 
went by during which the majority al-lowed votes on only 11 minority 
amendments. During that period, all 45 Senators in the minority together got fewer votes on amendments than, for example, one House Democrat, Con-gresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. In 
fact, the Congressional Research Serv-ice confirms that the previous majority leader used his position to block the consideration of amendments more than twice as often as the previous six majority leaders combined. 
The previous majority also fre-
quently moved to end debate on a measure at the very same time it was brought up for consideration, employ-ing this tactic far more often than pre-vious majorities. Its effect is not to end debate on legislation but to prevent it all together. Whenever those of us then in the minority resisted this demand that we end debate as soon as we began consideration, the majority wrongfully labeled it a ‘‘filibuster.’’ Worst of all, the majority used this supposedly un-precedented level of obstruction to take the drastic step of abolishing ex-tended debate all together on most nominations using the so-called nu-clear option. 
With the new leadership of the Sen-
ate under the senior Senator from Ken-tucky, we have made enormous progress toward restoring this sense of mutual restraint. Consider the sort of legislation the current majority leader has brought up for floor consideration so far this Congress: the bipartisan Hoeven-Manchin bill to authorize the Keystone XL Pipeline; the permanent solution for Medicare’s Sustainable Growth Rate and reauthorization of the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, which passed 92 to 8; and the Cornyn-Klobuchar bill to fight the scourge of modern-day slavery known as human trafficking. 
These are not Republican messaging 
bills. The majority leader has admi-rably avoided the temptation to fill our agenda with partisan bills just to score cheap political points. Instead, we have focused on bills that command broad bipartisan support. Moreover, consider the bills that the majority leader has indicated are next up for floor consid-eration: the Corker-Menendez Iran nu-clear agreement legislation that passed the Foreign Relations Committee with unexpected and impressive unanimity; the bipartisan Alexander-Murray re-write of No Child Left Behind; and our bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act, which passed out of the Finance Committee last night with the support of 13 Repub-licans and 7 Democrats. By identifying these priorities, the majority leader has indicated that his focus on bipar-tisan committee-vetted legislation is 
not a fleeting illusion but a long-term commitment to responsible leadership. 
The way in which the majority leader 
has conducted our consideration of these bills also demonstrates this com-mitment to restraint. We have seen committee consideration of legislation restored as the norm. We have also seen a renewed commitment to an open amendment process. In January, for ex-ample, the Senate voted on more 
amendments in 1 week than in all of last year. By my count, we have voted on 114 individual amendments in less than 4 months, the majority of which were offered by the minority. Many of these were tough votes, but the need to govern responsibly far outweighed any political cost. Instead of cutting off de-bate before it even begins, we have moved at a deliberate pace to allow the amendment process to flourish, tem-pering our own desire to move legisla-tion faster in order to legislate accord-ing to the best traditions of this body. 
This is not to say that the past 4 
months have been perfect. There have been times when the sailing has been a bit rocky. While the current minority has repeatedly displayed admirable co-operation—the sort of mutual restraint that Senator Mansfield wisely lauded so many years ago—there have been times when some of my colleagues have fallen prey to the temptation of partisan obstruction. 
In particular, I was extremely dis-
appointed by the logjam that developed over the Hyde amendment and impeded progress on the bipartisan human traf-ficking bill. The gridlock over what should have been an uncontroversial provision indicated a troubling willing-ness on the part of some to derail our efforts to legislate responsibly and in-stead resort to tired and discredited war-on-women rhetoric to win cheap political votes. 
I was so encouraged by this week’s 
resolution of that impasse. The willing-ness on the part of leaders on both sides of the aisle to break the gridlock reflected the best of the Senate’s great tradition of statesmanship. I want to extend my sincere thanks and respect to the senior Senators from Wash-ington, Minnesota, and Texas, Senators M
URRAY , KLOBUCHAR and C ORNYN , as 
well as everyone else who helped craft the compromise. 
By putting partisanship aside, they 
have not only benefitted the victims of human trafficking; they have also helped reinvigorate the ethos of accom-modation and mutual restraint that is at the heart of this institution. We should all look to this example as a model of leadership worthy of the world’s greatest deliberative body. 
It is incumbent on all of us to get the 
Senate back to work for the American people. By returning to the spirit of comity that served this body so well for so long, we have already made real and meaningful progress. I urge all of my colleagues to continue in this noble pursuit. It is undoubtedly worth the cost. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.056 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2393 April 23, 2015 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to honor the millions of Armenians who were deported during the Arme-nian genocide in 1915, and the 1.5 mil-lion men, women, and children who were killed. April 24, 2015, marks the Centennial Remembrance Day of the Armenian genocide, and my thoughts go out to the descendants of the vic-tims and all of the Armenian people as the world commemorates this tragedy. 
As we reflect upon this horrific pe-
riod in history, we are reminded of the importance of promoting tolerance and standing firm against hatred and dis-crimination. That is why I have always recognized the terrible atrocities that took place in Armenia as genocide and why I consistently support resolutions in the Senate to remember the anniver-saries of the Armenian genocide. I will continue to support these resolutions and speak about this issue so we never forget the families who were torn apart and destroyed due to brutal intoler-ance. 
Nevada is home to a vibrant commu-
nity of thousands of Armenian Ameri-cans. Through churches and other or-ganizations, Armenians in Nevada have demonstrated a commitment to work-ing to improve their communities and serve others. For instance, the Arme-nian Relief Association in Las Vegas has dedicated years to serving the Las Vegas community and providing Satur-day school for children to learn Arme-nian history. Kirk Kerkorian, an im-mensely successful Armenian Amer-ican businessman and philanthropist, has shaped Nevada’s booming tourism industry and created jobs with his in-vestments on the Las Vegas Strip. Kirk has also generously donated to organi-zations across the Nation and in Arme-nia through his charitable foundation, the Lincy Foundation, to support im-portant causes such as public edu-cation, health care, and infrastructure development. Another well-known Ar-menian American, the late Jerry Tarkanian, will long be remembered in Nevada not only for his success leading the University of Nevada, Las Vegas basketball team, but also for his dedi-cation to teaching young college ath-letes to be better people and proudly represent their city. 
I am proud that, for years, Nevada 
has officially recognized the Armenian genocide, and that Nevada continues to find ways to honor this strong commu-nity and Armenian history. I am grate-ful for the efforts of the Armenian 
American Cultural Society of Las Vegas, which raised thousands of dol-lars for an Armenian Genocide Monu-ment at Sunset Park in Las Vegas, Ne-vada. The monument will represent the 12 provinces where Armenians were slaughtered during the genocide, and will provide Nevadans with a place for reflection for years to come. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. 
Between 1915 and 1923, the Ottoman 
Empire carried out genocide against the Armenian people. Over the course of 8 years, more than 1.5 million Arme-nians were marched to their deaths in the deserts of the Middle East, mur-dered in concentration camps, drowned at sea, and forced to endure unimagi-nable acts of brutality. 
Over the years, this deliberate mas-
sacre of the Armenians has been well- documented and confirmed by scholars and experts. And there are countless testimonies from victims who lived to tell of their harrowing experiences. 
In his memoirs, Henry Morgenthau, 
the American Ambassador to the Otto-man Empire between 1913 and 1916, wrote: ‘‘When the Turkish authorities gave the orders for these deportations, they were merely giving the death war-rant to a whole race; they understood this well, and in their conversations with me, they made no particular at-tempt to conceal the fact.’’ 
Despite an irrefutable body of evi-
dence, the U.S. Government has re-fused to call the deliberate massacre of the Armenians by its rightful name. Mr. President, 100 years have passed since the beginning of the Armenian genocide. It is long past time for our government to finally acknowledge one of the greatest atrocities of the 20th century for what it was—genocide. 
This year, I am proud to be an origi-
nal cosponsor of a Senate resolution calling on the President to ‘‘ensure that the foreign policy of the United States reflects appropriate under-standing and sensitivity concerning issues related to human rights, crimes against humanity, ethnic cleansing, and genocide documented in the United States record relating to the Armenian Genocide.’’ 
But each day that goes by without 
full acknowledgement by the United States prolongs the pain felt by the de-scendants of the victims of the Arme-nian genocide, as well as the entire Ar-menian community. 
By affirming the Armenian genocide, 
the United States would join countries 
across the globe—including Argentina, Canada, France, Italy, Poland, Russia, Switzerland, and Venezuela—as well as the Holy See and 43 U.S. States in standing on the right side of history. 
For years, I have urged both Demo-
cratic and Republican administrations to finally acknowledge the truth of the Armenian genocide. Today, I reiterate my call and I hope that this year the United States will finally correct this century-old injustice. During a recent mass commemo-
rating the 100th anniversary of the Ar-menian genocide, Pope Francis said: 
It is necessary, and indeed a duty, to 
honour their memory, for whenever memory fades, it means that evil allows wounds to fester. Concealing or denying evil is like al-lowing a wound to keep bleeding without bandaging it! 
On this April 24, as we take time to 
remember and honor the victims of the Armenian genocide, I hope the United States will heed the eloquent words of Pope Francis by formally and un-equivocally affirming the incontestable fact of the Armenian genocide. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I wish to 
solemnly observe the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. 
One hundred years ago, one of the 
greatest tragedies of the 20th Century began when the young Turk leaders of the Ottoman Empire executed more than 200 Armenian leaders and intellec-tuals. What followed was an 8-year sys-tematic campaign of oppression, which by 1923, left an estimated 1.5 million Armenians dead and over a half a mil-lion survivors exiled. 
These atrocities affected the lives of 
every Armenian living in Asia Minor and, indeed, across the globe, and many called for the United States to take ac-tion. The U.S. Ambassador to the Otto-man Empire during this dark time, Henry Morgenthau, Sr., unsuccessfully pleaded with President Wilson to take action, and later remembered the events of the genocide, saying: 
I am confident that the whole history of 
the human race contains no such horrible episode as this. The great massacres and per-secutions of the past seem almost insignifi-cant when compared to the sufferings of the Armenian race in 1915. 
Former President Theodore Roo-
sevelt also called for an American re-sponse, saying, ‘‘Until we put honor and duty first, and are willing to risk something in order to achieve right-eousness both for ourselves and for oth-ers, we shall accomplish nothing; and we shall earn and deserve the contempt of the strong nations of mankind.’’ 
Unfortunately, the United States and 
the world did not intervene. It is a tes-tament to the unbreakable spirit of the survivors of the Armenian genocide that they persevered and went on to enrich their countries of emigration, including the United States. That is why today we not only commemorate this grave tragedy, but we celebrate the traditions, the contributions, as well as the bright future of the Arme-nian people. Indeed, my home State of Rhode Island continues to be enriched by our strong and vibrant Armenian- American community. 
Denial of this history is inconsistent 
with our country’s values and as we mark this centennial, I once again join with my colleagues on a resolution that encourages the United States to recognize the Armenian genocide. We must continue to guard against hatred and oppression so that we can prevent such crimes against humanity. I would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.057 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2394 April 23, 2015 
note that, earlier this month, Pope 
Francis held a mass to recognize this centennial and described this mass atrocity against Armenians as the first genocide of the 20th century. On this, the 100th anniversary, the United States should similarly recognize this horrific tragedy as genocide, joining the ranks of the many countries that have already done so. 
I remain committed to supporting ef-
forts, as ranking member on the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee and as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, to provide assistance to Armenia to promote economic growth, strengthen security, and support demo-cratic reforms and development. 
I am pleased that on May 7, at my in-
vitation, His Holiness Aram I, Catholicos of the Worldwide Armenian Apostolic Church and the Great House of Cilicia, will serve as guest Chaplain before this body and continue this im-portant message. We must find a way to come together to recognize what happened a century ago and show our unwavering support to those facing persecution today. I hope we can do that. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to commemorate and reflect on the centennial anniversary of the be-ginning of the Armenian genocide. With great sadness, we remember the beginning of the genocide of 1.5 million Armenians, Assyrians, and Greeks who died 100 years ago. On April 24, 1915, the campaign targeting the Armenian peo-ple began. They, along with Assyrians and Greeks, were viewed as threats to the Ottoman Empire and driven from their homeland. The persecuted mi-norities were uprooted from their way of life leaving behind generations of family history, property, and memo-ries. The Armenians were then force- marched into the desert without proper rations and supplies, with most dying along this brutal passage. The remain-ing survivors were detained in con-centration camps rampant with disease and hunger. These mass killings are historically documented and served as a tragic prelude to the Holocaust. 
This solemn anniversary offers us a 
chance to renew our commitment to the principle of ‘‘never again,’’ a vow that surfaced after the Holocaust. And so today I rise to proclaim never again can an ethnic group be targeted due to race, religion, or ethnicity. 
f 
BANGLADESH RANA PLAZA 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, 
April 24 marks the 2-year anniversary of the Rana Plaza building collapse which resulted in the death of over 1,130 Bangladeshi workers and the in-jury of approximately 2,500 more. To date, this remains the single largest disaster of its kind. Since 2013, many in the governmental, nongovernmental, private, and business sectors have pledged their financial resources and time to addressing the numerous issues and problems surrounding the ready- 
made garment industry. Even though progress has been made, many prom-ises remain unfulfilled, especially in providing Bangladeshi workers the rights they deserve. 
As a long-term U.S. ally, I want Ban-
gladesh to be prosperous because only through a growing economy that deliv-ers shared prosperity to its people can stability be ensured. 
The country’s garment industry is 
now, and will be for the foreseeable fu-ture, the engine of economic growth as it accounts for close to 80 percent of foreign exchange earnings. The United States, which remains the single larg-est country buyer of Bangladeshi gar-ments, has an important responsibility to ensure that those garments are made in a way that do not put people’s lives at risk and that fairly rewards workers for their labor. 
Domestically, while there has been 
progress in conducting safety inspec-tions and hiring additional inspectors, much work remains in providing for freedom of association. On this front, I have been very disappointed by the role played by the government of Ban-gladesh. The record over the past 2 years shows that the Bangladeshi gov-ernment has failed to keep promises it made to our Government and to the European Union. 
It has failed to pass a labor law in 
line with international labor standards and has not promulgated implementing regulations for the law that exists. 
Workers still have no rights to form 
unions in Export Processing Zones and once again the government is saying it has no power to change regulations be-cause of contractual obligations to companies. 
The government of Bangladesh has 
made little progress with regard to the inspection of well over a thousand fac-tories that it agreed to inspect for fire safety. 
The government of Bangladesh per-
sonnel responsible for investigating un-fair labor practices are not doing so and some police have refused to accept cases filed by labor organizers who ex-perience violence from management- hired thugs. Such antiunion behavior on the part of employers is common throughout many developing countries but in the case of Bangladesh, it is compounded by the government’s ac-tions which actively abet such behav-ior. For that, the government of Ban-gladesh must be held responsible. 
There needs to be a clear, consistent 
and transparent union registration process. While approximately 300 fac-tory-level garment unions have been registered in the last 2 years, more than 100 unions that filed for registra-tion have been rejected by the govern-ment, many for arbitrary or unfair rea-sons. 
The people of Bangladesh need mech-
anisms where workers can swiftly get the justice they deserve when their rights are violated. Bangladeshi au-thorities need to properly investigate, address and, if necessary, penalize em-
ployers for unfair labor practices to end the culture of impunity that sur-rounds employer resistance to legally protected union activity. 
So as my colleagues can see, much 
work remains. 
Until substantial progress is made, 
the Office of the U.S. Trade Represent-ative has rightfully decided to keep in place the suspension of Bangladesh’s Generalized System of Preferences— GSP—trade benefits with the United States. I support this decision. 
The ‘‘Accord on Fire and Building 
Safety in Bangladesh’’ and the ‘‘Alli-ance on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh’’ are two private sector ini-tiatives made up of American and Eu-ropean retailers which have conducted safety inspections in more than 2,500 factories. As a result, some factories have adopted new safety practices and have made physical improvements such as the installation of fire doors to make it safer for workers to evacuate when fires occur. These inspections have resulted in the full or partial shutdown of a number of unsafe fac-tories. The private sector has a critical role to play in changing the RMG cul-ture in Bangladesh and I strongly urge both coalitions to focus on how work-ers’ rights can be improved in the com-ing years. 
Aside from ensuring that improve-
ments are made to prevent another Rana Plaza, it is critical that full com-pensation is paid to the victims and their families. As of today, the ‘‘Rana Plaza Donors Trust Fund’’ has received roughly $21 million from a variety of donors, including both large global brands and the Bangladeshi Prime Min-ister’s Fund. While $21 million sounds impressive, the fund is suffering from an approximate $9 million shortfall. Because of this, some victims and their families have only received approxi-mately 70 percent of the money they are entitled to. I am happy to hear that Benetton has recently agreed to donate to the Fund. I hope that other compa-nies that had business at Rana Plaza come forward and contribute, or con-tinue contributing, their fair share. 
It is encouraging to see different ele-
ments of the international community come together to support the garment factory workers in Bangladesh. Real progress in the RMG sector will require continued vigilance on the part of the international community. Earlier this year, we were once again saddened by the news of yet another tragedy involv-ing the collapse of a building in Ban-gladesh. On March 12, in the town of Mongla, a cement factory collapsed and tragically killed eight people while injuring approximately 60 others. Whether in a garment factory or ce-ment factory, we must remain vigilant to ensure that workers’ safety and workers’ rights are top priorities of the U.S. government and international buyers in Bangladesh. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:12 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.062 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2395 April 23, 2015 
REFUGEE AND MIGRANT DEATHS 
IN THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
discuss an enormous human tragedy: another boat carrying desperate refu-gees and migrants capsized in the Med-iterranean Sea and, in this most recent instance, over 850 men, women, and children have died. It is profoundly heartwrenching to view the anguished images of innocent refugees and mi-grants, men and women, old and young, who embarked on this desperate jour-ney bound for a more hopeful future, but which instead ended in death on the Mediterranean Sea for so many people. 
In 2014, we know that well over 
218,000 refugees and migrants crossed the Mediterranean Sea, many fleeing violence, conflict, and persecution in Syria, Iraq, Eritrea and elsewhere, traveling on overcrowded and unseaworthy boats. Last year, over 3,500 women, men, and children died or went missing in their desperate at-
tempts to reach Europe. According to the International Organization on Mi-gration, IOM, this year’s death toll in the Mediterranean Sea is believed to have surpassed 1,750 victims already—a drastic spike when compared to the same period last year. During the first 3 weeks of April alone, more than 11,000 people have been rescued. 
This is a journey of unimaginable 
peril, and only the most despairing families with nothing to lose would sacrifice their lives in the hopes that this voyage will deliver an escape from misery. From Syria to Iraq, from South Sudan to Yemen, multiplying conflicts, gross human rights viola-tions, statelessness, the effects of cli-mate change, and food and water inse-curity are all contributing to millions of people being forced from their homes in search of safety and survival. 
The international community is wit-
nessing the enormous costs of unending wars and the failure to resolve or pre-vent conflict. The number of refugees, asylum-seekers and internally dis-placed people worldwide has, for the first time in the post-World War II era, exceeded 50 million people, according to the United Nations High Commis-sion on Refugees, UNHCR. 
This massive increase is largely driv-
en by the war in Syria, which is now in its fifth year. The Assad regime’s ruth-less attacks on Syrian civilians—com-pounded by horrific violence by armed extremists—has led to Syria’s disinte-gration and massive internal and exter-nal displacement of its people. 
Europe, facing conflicts to its south 
in Libya, east in Ukraine, and south-east in Syria, Iraq and the Horn of Af-rica, is currently seeing the largest numbers of refugees and migrants ar-riving by boat across the Mediterra-nean. To confront this enormous chal-lenge, European Council President Donald Tusk called on member states on Monday, April 20, to meet their funding commitments for Trident, the European Union’s, EU, naval operation in the Mediterranean. EU leaders also 
agreed to meet on Thursday, April 23, to consider increasing resources for rescue operations and the 10-point ac-tion plan on migration proposed by the Joint Foreign Affairs and Home Coun-cil. 
The proposed plan would alleviate 
pressure on the member states receiv-ing the majority of those rescued and also aims to combat trafficking and smuggling. 
The EU’s proposed 10-point plan is an 
important first step, but a bold and comprehensive response is urgently needed. First, rescue at sea is and should be the top priority. It is a moral imperative based on European values, as well as a fundamental principle of maritime law. A robust search and res-cue operation, comparable to Mare Nostrum, that focuses on saving lives must be reinstated. While the rein-forcement of the Joint Operations in the Mediterranean is welcomed, border surveillance operations are not an an-swer to this crisis. 
Second, there needs to be a credible 
and firm commitment from countries both in Europe and across the globe to resettle significant numbers of refu-gees. Moreover, efforts to encourage legal alternatives to such dangerous voyages must be pursued. These in-clude enhanced family reunification, private sponsorship programs, and study and labor migration programs for people in need of international pro-tection. 
Finally, I urge the U.S. Government 
to provide robust assistance, and to work closely with our European part-ners, so that we might all rise to the demands presented by this humani-tarian crisis and commit to the meas-ures needed to prevent tragedies such as the drowning deaths of 850 men, women, and children off the coast of Libya this past weekend. 
f 
NATIONAL MINORITY HEALTH 
MONTH 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing April as National Minority Health Month. 2015 marks the 30th an-niversary of this event, which provides us with an opportunity to celebrate the progress we have made in addressing minority health issues and health dis-parities in our country and to renew our commitment to continue this criti-cally important work. 
Minorities now make up more than 35 
percent of the American population and that number is expected to rise in the future. However, study after study has shown that minorities, especially African Americans and Latinos, con-tinue to face significant health dispari-ties in diseases such as diabetes, HIV/ AIDS, and asthma. 
Currently, over 26 million Americans 
suffer from diabetes. But African Americans are twice as likely to be di-agnosed with, and to die from, diabetes compared to non-Hispanic whites. Afri-can Americans are also more than 2
1⁄2 
times more likely to suffer from diabe-tes-related end-stage renal disease than non-Hispanic whites, and are more likely to have other complications, such as lower extremity amputations. 
Obesity, which increases the risk of 
developing diabetes, is also more prev-alent in minority communities. Nearly 4 out of 5 African-American women are overweight or obese, as well as 78 per-cent of Hispanic men. It is no coinci-dence that, nationwide, 27.2 percent of African Americans and 23.5 percent of Latinos lived below the Federal pov-erty line in 2013. Limited means and the lack of access to fresh fruits and vegetables in ‘‘food deserts’’ prevent many people from accessing the nutri-tion they need to lead healthy lives. 
Those living in impoverished areas 
are also much more likely to be ex-posed to polluted air, which exacer-bates respiratory conditions like asth-ma. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, in 2012, African Americans were 20 percent more likely to have asthma versus non- Hispanic whites. 
HIV and AIDS, which are especially 
prevalent in low-income neighborhoods with widespread drug use, continue to devastate minorities across the coun-try. African American women are 23 times more likely to have AIDS than their white counterparts and Hispanic women are four times more likely to be infected. In Maryland, African Ameri-cans are diagnosed with HIV at more than 10 times the rate of white Mary-landers. 
The role that access to resources, 
proper nutrition, and clean air plays in our well-being cannot be overstated. According to a 2012 report about Balti-more neighborhoods from the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, those living in higher-income parts of the city live, on average, near-ly 30 years longer than their neighbors in impoverished areas. 
Fortunately, thanks to the Afford-
able Care Act, ACA, we have recently made health coverage more accessible and affordable than it has been in dec-ades. By reducing the number of unin-sured Americans across the country, the ACA is working to address health inequalities. Between 2013 and 2014, the percentage of uninsured Latinos dropped by 7.7 percent, and the per-centage of uninsured African Ameri-cans fell by 6.8 percent. 
Also, as a result of the ACA, in-
creased funding is available for com-munity health clinics. Mr. President, 300,000 Marylanders, including more than 140,000 African Americans and 38,000 Latinos, are served by these clin-ics. 
Under the ACA, preventive services, 
which are critical to the early detec-tion and treatment of many diseases that disproportionately affect minori-
ties, are now free for 76 million Ameri-cans, including 1.5 million Maryland-ers. 
In 2011, African American women in 
Maryland died from cervical cancer at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.055 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2396 April 23, 2015 
nearly twice the rate of white women. 
This disparity is simply unacceptable and illustrates the importance of ac-cess to preventive health care services: cervical cancer is preventable through regular screening tests and follow-up and, when detected and treated early, it is highly curable. 
In our country, we are incredibly for-
tunate to have the National Institutes of Health, NIH, which works tirelessly to improve the health of all Americans, and the NIH’s National Institute for Minority Health & Health Disparities, NIMHD, has the specific mission of ad-dressing minority health issues and eliminating health disparities. I am proud of my role in the establishment of the NIMHD, which supports groundbreaking research at univer-sities and medical institutions across our country. 
This critically important work 
ranges from enhancing our under-standing of the basic biological proc-esses associated with health disparities to applied, clinical, and translational research and interventions that seek to address those disparities. 
Some examples of recent NIMHD- 
funded projects include exploring ra-cial disparities in sudden infant death syndrome, SIDS, to inform health edu-cation interventions about safe infant sleep practices, which historically have been shown to be less effective among African Americans; evaluating a com-munity-based intervention to promote follow-up among uninsured minority women with abnormal breast or cer-vical cancer screening results; and de-veloping a culturally tailored lifestyle intervention to prevent diabetes among African American and Hispanic adults. 
Enhancing our understanding of the 
complex disparities across racial, eth-nic, and other minority populations and their specific risk factors will help us develop better preventive health care, reduce long-term health care costs, and improve the quality of life for millions of Americans. 
Minority health disparities cost 
many of our constituents their health and even their lives, and they cost our health care system and economy, as well. A 2009 joint center study found that direct medical costs resulting from health inequities among minori-ties totaled nearly $230 billion between 2003 and 2006. With indirect costs such as lowered work productivity and lost tax revenue added to the equation, the tab amounts to more than $1.24 tril-lion. 
We owe it to our constituents to do 
everything in our power to fight for af-fordable, high-quality health care for everyone. One’s ethnic or racial back-ground should never determine the quality of his or her health or the length of his or her life. This month, let us renew our commitment to ensur-ing access to affordable, high-quality health care for all Americans, and pledge to do everything we can to eliminate health disparities in our country. TRIBUTE TO ROSE BAUMANN 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
rise today to recognize my chief of staff, Rose Baumann, and to pay trib-ute to her hard work on behalf of the people of Minnesota as a member of my staff for the past 9 years. 
For anyone who has met Rose, it will 
come as no surprise to you that Rose went from being a junior staffer in my office in 2006 just after graduating from Gustavus Adolphus College to my chief of staff just 7 years later. For the first 4 of those 7 years, Rose handled health care issues first as an outreach director in the Twin Cities and then as a legis-lative assistant in Washington. Rose approached every challenge with dedi-cation and grace, regardless of whether she was helping a constituent access their Medicare benefits or talking with Minnesota physicians about health care reform proposals or organizing and executing a health care summit. Rose’s intelligence, strong Minnesota work ethic, tenacity, and optimism al-ways seemed to ensure success. 
During the health reform debate, 
Rose played a critical role in helping me highlight cost-saving health care delivery models like the Mayo Clinic uses and worked to ensure we reward quality, not quantity, of care. She worked tirelessly to advocate for Min-nesota’s hospitals, providers, patients, and industries, and that hard work is reflected today as we watch these poli-cies being implemented. 
As my legislative director for 3 years, 
Rose advanced my legislative agenda while successfully managing 12 people and every policy area. My work on con-sumer safety, transportation, inter-national adoptions, protection of our natural resources and cutting redtape at our Federal agencies all became law under Rose’s leadership. Her natural ability, organization, and plain old hard work ensured that my legislative ideas became reality, while crucial events such as the confirmation hear-ing for Justice Elena Kagan were a suc-cess. 
Rose has been a remarkable chief of 
staff. She is a natural leader who quickly adapts to any situation, no matter how large or small. Her enthu-siasm has been a motivating force in my office, and her compassion toward the people of Minnesota and under-standing of the problems they face has been instrumental to my ability to serve them in the Senate. 
Rose Baumann—a proud native of St. 
Louis Park, MN—will soon begin a new professional adventure with new chal-lenges, and I have no doubt that she will succeed. She is also getting mar-ried later this year, and I am so happy to see her so excited about this new phase of her life. 
Mr. President, I hope you will join 
me as I say thank you to Rose Baumann for her 9 remarkable years of service to my office, the Senate, the people of the State of Minnesota, and the United States of America. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TENNESSEE NISSAN STORY 
∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks at 
the Nissan plant in Smyrna, Tennessee earlier this week. 
TENNESSEE NISSAN STORY  
Thank you Randy, Gov. Haslam, Mr. Mar-
tin, ladies and gentlemen of Nissan. 
When Randy invited me, he suggested I tell 
a little history of the Tennessee Nissan story in 5 minutes. And I am delighted to have that opportunity, and I would like to do it by putting a few human faces on the story that is usually told in cars and trucks and dollars and cents. And the best face is the one that Randy told me of his mother. 
I remember sitting up with her one night 
and the boys had gone to their rooms, and she said to me she was sad. And I said, ‘‘Why would you be sad?’’ She said, ‘‘Because I’ve got smart boys and they will never find a job around here, and I will never see my grand-children.’’ Well as Randy said, two years later, here came Nissan. 
There were many faces that had to do with 
the history of this company in the last 35 years. One was President Jimmy Carter. Two months after I was elected, I was at a White House dinner, and he said, ‘‘Governors, go to Japan. Persuade the Japanese to make in the United States what they sell in the United States.’’ And at that time, Nissan made no cars and trucks in the United States, and Tennessee had almost no auto jobs. 
So I took a photograph of the United 
States at night, taken at night from a sat-ellite, to see Mr. Kawamata, the Chairman of Nissan. I showed it to him. He said exactly where is Tennessee? I said right in the mid-dle of the lights, which is where you want to be if you’re building a plant with lots of heavy things that you want to ship around the country. 
I thought Tennessee and Japan were a per-
fect match. They had no cars here, and we had almost no auto jobs here. 
In Detroit in 1980 at the Republican Con-
vention, the country was in a recession. Ev-erybody was gloomy. As I looked around at all the gloomy faces, I said, ‘‘You guys have so much more money than we do. You’ve got higher teacher salaries. You’ve got better universities. You have all these things be-cause you’ve got the auto industry.’’ 
So I skipped a meeting with Ronald 
Reagan, came home to meet with Takashi Ishihara, the CEO of Nissan. He was a big bluff chief executive. He knew exactly the depth of the lock in Dickson County. And he knew he wanted 400 acres in Rutherford County, where the McClary’s had a farm. So one of the faces of Nissan was sitting on the back porch with the McClary family, they were in their 70’s, and persuading them to sell their farm to Nissan and then Mr. Ishihara wanted to get the next 400 acres, which was owned by Maymee Cantrell. She wouldn’t sell because she promised her ten-ant farmer that he could live there for his whole life. And she said, ‘‘I am a woman of my word.’’ We found 400 acres in Williamson County for her tenant farmer to live on, so Maymee could be a woman of her word and Mr. Ishihara got 800 acres, which you have about filled up, 35 years later. 
The faces of Nissan include Marvin Runyon 
and the Ford team that came from Detroit to a different part of the country to start from scratch in a new environment. They knew they didn’t have another advantage. That every state north of Tennessee did not have a Right To Work law, and if they could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.051 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2397 April 23, 2015 
work in the environment in which they could 
be competitive. 
The faces of Nissan include the 300 Middle 
Tennesseans, who never once built a car who went to Japan and spent several weeks learn-ing to build cars the Nissan way. It includes the governors, the local officials, and the legislatures who for 35 years, whether Repub-lican or Democrat, have kept a consistent level of support for an environment that per-mits the workers of Nissan to produce qual-ity products. It includes the faces of employ-ees at places like Calsonic which was the first tier-one supplier, but now there are hundreds of them in 80 counties across this state, the wealth of Nissan, the family in-comes, don’t just belong in Middle Ten-nessee. 
And, more than anything else, it includes 
the men and women of Nissan. It includes you. Those of you who proved early on that Tennesseans could not only build cars and trucks as of a high quality as those in Japan, but could build them better and produce the most efficient auto plant anywhere in North America. 
So, look at those 35 years. Look at how 
Nissan has transformed Tennessee. Ten-nessee had almost no auto jobs. Today, one- third of its jobs in manufacturing are auto jobs. Then, Tennessee was the third poorest state. Today, Tennessee’s family incomes have grown rapidly. Then, Nissan made no cars and trucks in the United States. Today, 85% of what it sells in the United States, it makes in North America. 
But, the real story of Nissan and its trans-
formation of Tennessee is the story of the faces of Nissan. 
There’s no better or more memorable face 
for me than the face of Lillian, sitting there late one evening in Melton 37 years ago say-ing that she was afraid that her boys who were talented would never have a chance to get a job around here, and she would never be able to see her grandchildren. 
Think how proud she would be today. Thank you. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE PITTS 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Steve Pitts on his retirement after over 35 years of serv-ice to the Reno Police Department. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of hard work and dedication to creating a safe environment in the local Reno community. 
Mr. Pitts stands as a shining example 
of someone who has devoted his life to serving his State. He earned his bach-elor’s degree in organizational studies from California State University, Long Beach, and later pursued his master’s in public administration from Golden Gate University. He is also a graduate of the National Academy at the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation, the Lead-ership Program at the Center for Pub-lic Leadership at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard Uni-versity, and the Naval Postgraduate School Homeland Security Program. His career in police services began in the early 1980s, building all the way to the top of the department in 2011. Mr. Pitts dedicated his work to major case and homicide investigations, emer-gency management, and crisis inter-vention. He also built upon his skills in special weapons and tactics over a span of 25 years, as well as gained command- level experience for over 15 years of his 
career. His unwavering work ethic is commendable, and his undeniable con-cern for the Reno community is great-ly respected. 
During his tenure, Mr. Pitts was pro-
moted to deputy chief in January of 2008. He then served as interim police chief from March 2010 until March 2011, at which point he accepted the perma-nent position of police chief. As the leading voice of the police department, Mr. Pitts emphasized the importance of moving the organization toward what best benefitted the community. His positive legacy will be felt for years to come. 
It is the brave men and women who 
serve in the local police department who keep our communities safe. These heroes selflessly put their lives on the line every day. I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. Pitts for his coura-geous contributions to the people of Reno and to the Silver State. His sac-rifice and courage earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly put their lives on the line to benefit others. 
Mr. Pitts has demonstrated profes-
sionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards of the Reno Police Department. I am both humbled and honored by his serv-ice and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Pitts on his retirement, and I give my deepest appreciation for all that he has done to make Nevada a safer place. I offer him my best wishes for many successful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING WESTCARE 
FOUNDATION 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to recognize WestCare Founda-tion, WestCare, for its commitment to providing important services to Nevad-ans across the State and specifically for its dedication to our veterans, mili-tary servicemembers, and their fami-lies. WestCare offers programs to help with substance use disorders, mental health disorders, domestic violence, sexual assault, homelessness, criminal justice, and HIV and AIDS, and pro-vides additional youth and veteran-spe-cific programs. The foundation is lo-cated throughout the State, including campuses in Las Vegas and Pahrump, as well as centers offering specific serv-ices in Reno and Las Vegas. Its com-mitment to improving lives across Ne-vada does not go without notice. 
WestCare’s veteran programs include 
assistance in transitional living and case management and offer support to veterans’ and active military members’ families. The foundation recognizes the increasing diversity of our veteran pop-ulation and works to accommodate this change. The transitional living program provides separate facilities for both male and female veterans, as well as for their children. As our Nation’s military continues to adapt to a new 
force, it is particularly important serv-ices offered also adapt to reflect these changes. There are countless distin-guished women veterans who have made sacrifices beyond measure and deserve nothing but the best treatment and services that address specific fe-male needs. I commend WestCare for its commitment in accommodating all veterans and their individual needs. 
WestCare also helps the families of 
those who have so bravely defended our freedoms. All too often, returning vet-erans and their families struggle with financial uncertainty. The foundation is a positive light in the Nevada com-munity, working to change this reality by providing families with supportive services in times of need. Westcare stands as a shining example of an orga-nization that has gone above and be-yond to positively impact the lives of our heroes. It is important we thank not only the brave men and women that protect our freedom but also their families making so many sacrifices. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I know the strug-gles that our veterans face after re-turning home from the battlefield. Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals but also to ensure they receive the quality care they have earned and deserve. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and service-members in Nevada and throughout the Nation. I am very pleased that vet-erans service foundations, like WestCare, are committed to ensuring the needs of our veterans are met. 
Today, I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing WestCare Foundation, an organization with a mission that is both noble and charitable. I am humbled and honored to recognize WestCare for its tireless efforts in helping our veteran commu-nity, and I wish it the best of luck in all of its future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
GENERAL FEDERATION OF WOM-
EN’S CLUBS 125th ANNIVERSARY 
∑Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
I rise to pay special tribute to the Gen-eral Federation of Women’s Clubs. This year is very special as they celebrate their 125th anniversary tomorrow, April 24. 
The General Federation of Women’s 
Clubs is an international women’s or-ganization dedicated to community im-provement by enhancing the lives of others through volunteer service. It was founded in 1890 when Jane Cunningham Croly, a professional jour-nalist, attempted to attend a dinner in New York City honoring British nov-elist Charles Dickens. Croly was denied admittance based on her gender. In re-sponse, she formed a woman’s club for the purpose of educating women. In 1889, Jane Croly invited women’s clubs throughout the United States to pursue the cause of a federation by attending a national convention. On April 24, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.031 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2398 April 23, 2015 
1890, 63 clubs officially formed the Gen-
eral Federation of Women’s Clubs. 
I am very proud to recognize a third- 
generation clubwoman, Babs J. Condon from Westminster, MD, as the 2014–2016 International President of the General Federation of Women’s Clubs. And, I am very pleased that the 2016 inter-national convention will be held in Baltimore next June. For the record, there are 34 clubs in Maryland and al-most 1,500 club members statewide. 
By ‘‘Living the Volunteer Spirit’’, 
clubwomen transform lives each day, not simply with monetary donations, but with hands-on, tangible projects that provide immediate impact. With nearly 90,000 members in affiliated clubs in every State, the District of Co-lumbia, and more than a dozen coun-tries, GFWC members work in their own communities to support the arts, preserve natural resources, advance education, promote healthy lifestyles, encourage civic engagement, and sup-port international efforts to feed the hungry, encourage immunizations and impact other lifesaving and economic development initiatives. 
GFWC history includes many power-
ful examples such as advocacy for child labor laws, promotion of nationwide outreach that led to passage of the Pure Food and Drug Act, and working to pass the Violence Against Women Act. 
GFWC has been instrumental in 
shaping our Nation. As it celebrates a history of 125 years, let’s hope they continue to build upon their traditions and pave the way for a future filled with even greater success through vol-unteerism. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FORREST COLE 
∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
call the Senate’s attention to the forthcoming retirement of U.S. Forest Service official Forrest Cole, who for the past 12 years has served as the su-pervisor of the Nation’s largest Na-tional Forest, and probably unfortu-nately its most controversial one, the 16.9-million acre Tongass National For-est in southeast Alaska. 
Mr. Cole, a four-decade employee of 
the U.S. Forest Service, began his ca-reer, following receipt of a bachelor of science degree in forestry from North-ern Arizona University, working on fire-related jobs in Arizona forests. In 1979 he began what he thought at the time would be a 2-year posting working in the Tongass forest in southeast Alaska, a forest that covers an area just slightly larger than the State of West Virginia. The Coles, however, found the beauty, wildlife, and re-sources of southeast Alaska too attrac-tive to leave, and the family stayed. Over the past 36 years, Mr. Cole has served as the presale forester and small sales forester on the Petersburg Ranger District in the central Tongass; as tim-ber management assistant on the Ju-neau/Yakutat Ranger Districts in the northern Tongass; as the timber min-erals, special uses management assist-
ant on the Juneau Ranger District; as the timber and fire management staff officer and resources staff officer on the Stikine administrative area, and later as the Forest and Fire Manage-ment staff officer for the entire Tongass National Forest based in the southern Tongass in Ketchikan. 
Mr. Cole also served in the regional 
office as director of forest manage-ment, and as part of the planning team for the Tongass land management plan, with responsibility for the timber, vegetation, and subsistence programs in all of southeast Alaska—the land plan being the key document that guides all activities in the forest. In 2003 he was named as the forest super-visor for the Tongass, a key super-visory post, second only to the Re-gional Forester. 
Mr. Cole during his years in Alaska 
has been in the midst of many con-troversial issues such as of how much timber should be allowed for harvest; how to protect wolves and goshawks, bald eagles, salmon and bear while har-vesting timber; and how to provide the recreation that Americans increasingly demand. Mr. Cole arrived in Alaska the year before Congress passed the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, ANILCA, that cut the allowable timber harvest in the Tongass by sev-eral hundred percent, from 1.35 billion board feet a year—a level that was con-sidered its biological, sustainable yield level when modern timber harvesting began in the 1950s—to 450 million board feet that mandated by Congress in 1980. A decade later he was involved in im-plementing the next Tongass timber ‘‘reform’’ bill that once again nearly cut the forest’s allowable timber forest in half, creating another six areas of wilderness, and designating another 12 new areas as congressionally protected lands, bringing to 6.48 million acres the amount of the Tongass protected from development. 
As forest supervisor, Mr. Cole was re-
quired to implement the national Inventoried Roadless Area rule last decade that took another 9.5 million acres of the Tongass out of the timber base. And just this year, with passage last December of the Sealaska Native Corporation final land conveyance act, Mr. Cole has started the process of re-vising what lands will remain in the re-gion’s slimming federal timber base. He has had to wrestle with how to guide the timber industry’s survival given that only 1.8 percent of the Tongass is still ‘‘open’’ to the har-vesting of older-growth trees—80 per-cent of them having been permanently protected, and how to manage guiding, recreation, tourism, utility and infra-structure access and development in a forest that stretches 500 miles from near Ketchikan to Yakutat. 
More than any other individual Mr. 
Cole has been a referee between many forces. And I know it can’t have been a pleasant experience implementing pol-icy set by Congress and the executive branch, more than 3,000 miles away. It 
has been a hard, often thankless job managing the Tongass. I wish to pub-licly thank Mr. Cole for his tireless service to America in doing that job well. We have not always agreed, but I truly appreciate that he has labored long and hard to be fair. He has lis-tened to all sides. Given the legal, po-litical and budgetary mandates he has faced, he deserves all of our thanks for all of the difficult phone calls he has returned, all of the complaints he has patiently fielded, and for all of the tough decisions he has been forced to make. It is no wonder that Mr. Cole was the recipient of the 2008 Regional Forester Award. He deserves the grati-tude of the entire Senate for doing his best to meet all of the competing de-mands Americans make of our national forests. And I personally thank him for his contributions and commitment to public land stewardship, community stability and for keeping the public’s trust in one of America’s most hotly contested regions. I think it dem-onstrates his love and concern for Alas-ka and the Tongass that he and his family are choosing to retire in Peters-burg, AK. I wish him and his family well. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 9:33 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 535. An act to promote energy efficiency. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 12:52 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1195. An act to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1195. An act to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, April 23, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 535. An act to promote energy efficiency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23AP6.061 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2399 April 23, 2015 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1362. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 21, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1363. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department of De-fense’s Evaluation of the TRICARE Program for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1364. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sions to the Export Administration Regula-tions Based on the 2014 Missile Technology Control Regime Plenary Agreements’’ (RIN0694–AG41) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1365. A communication from the Coun-
sel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Submis-sion of Credit Card Agreements Under the Truth in Lending Act’’ ((RIN3170–AA50) (Docket No. CFPB–2015–0006)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 21, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1366. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Transferred OTS Regulations Re-garding Rules of Practice and Procedure and Amendments to FDIC Rules and Regula-tions’’ (RIN3064–AE08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1367. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Yemen that was originally declared in Exec-utive Order 13611 on May 16, 2012; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–1368. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Burma that was declared in Executive Order 13047 of May 20, 1997; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1369. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1370. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Stemme AG Gliders’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0633)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1371. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Re-sources of the South Atlantic; 2015–2016 Rec-reational Fishing Season for Black Sea Bass’’ (RIN0648–XD828) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1372. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648– XD846) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–1373. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Determination of Housing Cost Amounts Eligible for Exclusion or Deduction for 2015’’ (Notice 2015–33) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1374. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a strategy for Sup-port for Russia Democracy and Civil Society Organizations; a strategy for Assistance to Civil Society in Ukraine; and a strategy for Anticipated Defense Articles, Defense Serv-ices, and Training to Ukraine; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1375. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to overseas surplus property; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1376. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–148); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1377. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, 
pursuant to law, the Financial Report for the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1378. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Performance Report for fiscal year 2014 for the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA); to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1379. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s (FDA) annual report on Drug Shortages for Calendar Year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1380. A communication from the Chair-
man of the National Endowment for the Arts and a Member of the Federal Council on the Arts and the Humanities, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the annual report on the Arts and Artifacts Indemnity Program for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–1381. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the Department of Justice’s Office of Justice Programs Annual Report to Congress for fiscal year 2013; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1382. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, an annual report on applications made by the Government for au-thority to conduct electronic surveillance for foreign intelligence during calendar year 2014 relative to the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1383. A communication from the Chief 
Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Driving Distance Eligibility for the Veterans Choice Program’’ (RIN2900– AP24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–17. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of North Da-kota urging the United States Congress to call for a constitutional convention for the sole purpose of proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States which requires a balanced federal budget; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 3015 
Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of 
the United States mandates that upon the application of the legislatures of two-thirds of the states, Congress shall call a conven-tion for proposing amendments; and 
Whereas, this application is to be consid-
ered as covering the balanced budget amend-ment language of the presently outstanding balanced budget applications from other states; and 
Whereas, this application shall be aggre-
gated for the purpose of attaining the two- thirds necessary to require the calling of a convention for proposing a balanced budget amendment, but shall not be aggregated with any applications on any other subject; and 
Whereas, this application is a continuing 
application until the legislatures of at least two-thirds of the states have made applica-tions on the same subject; and 
Whereas, the North Dakota Legislative As-
sembly deems an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States requiring a balanced federal budget to be necessary for the good of the American people: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives of 
North Dakota, the Senate concurring therein: 
That the Sixty-fourth Legislative Assem-
bly urges the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states limited to proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that in the ab-sence of a national emergency the total of all federal appropriations made by the Con-gress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all estimated federal revenues for that fiscal year, together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Secretary of State for-
ward copies of this resolution to the Presi-dent and Secretary of the Senate and the Speaker and Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives of the Congress, to each member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.009 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2400 April 23, 2015 
of the United States Congressional Delega-
tion, and also to transmit copies to the pre-siding officers of each of the legislative houses in the United States, requesting their cooperation. 
POM–18. A resolution adopted by the Leg-
islature of Rockland County, New York, call-ing for the United States Department of Transportation to immediately turn its at-tention to increasing the strictness of the regulations that govern rail transport of haz-ardous liquids; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs: 
Report to accompany H.R. 203, a bill to di-
rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, to require a pilot program on loan re-payment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–34). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Dep-
uty Attorney General. 
Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Virginia, to be 
United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit. 
Roseann A. Ketchmark, of Missouri, to be 
United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: 
S. 1064. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act with regard to research on asth-ma, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: 
S. 1065. A bill to amend title IV of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide grants for the development of asthma management plans and the purchase of asthma inhalers and spacers for emer-gency use, as necessary; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
C
OONS ): 
S. 1066. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage, as supplies associated with the injection of insulin, of containment, removal, decon-tamination and disposal of home-generated needles, syringes, and other sharps through a sharps container, decontamination/destruc-tion device, or sharps-by-mail program or similar program under part D of the Medi-care program; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. H ELLER ): 
S. 1067. A bill to require the periodic re-
view and automatic termination of Federal regulations; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. 
H
EINRICH ): 
S. 1068. A bill to amend the Federal Power 
Act to protect the bulk-power system from cyber security threats; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ): 
S. 1069. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for qualified conservation con-tributions which include National Scenic Trails; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. 1070. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for clarification re-garding the children to whom entitlement to educational assistance may be transferred under Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C RAPO , 
and Mr. C ORKER ): 
S. 1071. A bill to amend the Victims of 
Crime Act of 1984 to expand the amount available for victims of child abuse, sexual assault, domestic violence, and other crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 1072. A bill to require the Supreme Court 
of the United States to promulgate a code of ethics; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C OATS , 
and Mr. B OOKER ): 
S. 1073. A bill to amend the Improper Pay-
ments Elimination and Recovery Improve-ment Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of im-proper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. 1074. A bill to clarify the status of the 
North Country, Ice Age, and New England National Scenic Trails as units of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: 
S. 1075. A bill to strengthen and extend the 
authorization of appropriations for the Carol M. White Physical Education Program and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. 
M
IKULSKI , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1076. A bill to require mobile service pro-
viders and smartphone manufacturers to give consumers the ability to remotely de-lete data from smartphones and render smartphones inoperable; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , 
and Mr. H ATCH ): 
S. 1077. A bill to provide for expedited de-
velopment of and priority review for break-through devices; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HEINRICH: 
S. 1078. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior to carry out programs and ac-tivities that connect people in the United 
States, especially children, youth, and fami-lies, with the outdoors; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CARDIN: 
S. 1079. A bill to amend titles XI and XVIII 
of the Social Security Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to improve coverage for colorectal screening tests under Medicare and private health insurance cov-erage, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 1080. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to limit the jurisdiction of Fed-eral courts to consider cases involving same- sex marriage; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mr. BOOKER: 
S. 1081. A bill to end the use of body-grip-
ping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 1082. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. R EED, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
DURBIN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 1083. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require drug manufac-turers to provide drug rebates for drugs dis-pensed to low-income individuals under the Medicare prescription drug benefit program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ): 
S. 1084. A bill to promote transparency by 
permitting the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board to allow its disciplinary proceedings to be open to the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
BROWN , and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 1085. A bill to expand eligibility for the 
program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S.J. Res. 12. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to marriage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S.J. Res. 13. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to applying laws equally to the citizens of the United States and the Federal Government; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. R UBIO): 
S. Res. 148. A resolution condemning the 
Government of Iran’s state-sponsored perse-
cution of its Baha’i minority and its contin-ued violation of the International Covenants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.011 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2401 April 23, 2015 
on Human Rights; to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
DURBIN ): 
S. Res. 149. A resolution recognizing the 
importance and inspiration of the Hubble Space Telescope; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. C
ARDIN ): 
S. Res. 150. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate about the importance of effective civic and government education programs in schools in the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ): 
S. Res. 151. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Safe Digging Month; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
71, a bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality to-wards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects. 
S. 155 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 155, a bill to promote freedom, fairness, and economic opportunity by repealing the income tax and other taxes, abolishing the Internal Revenue Service, and enacting a national sales tax to be administered primarily by the States. 
S. 223 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 223, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot program on awarding grants for provision of furniture, household items, and other assistance to home-less veterans to facilitate their transi-tion into permanent housing, and for other purposes. 
S. 248 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 248, a bill to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ), the Sen-
ator from Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) and 
the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 311 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 311, a bill to amend the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to 
prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Mary-
land (Mr. C ARDIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for con-tributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from 
Maine (Mr. K ING) and the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 338, a bill to perma-nently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 398 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 398, a bill to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all De-partment of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services, and for other pur-poses. 
At the request of Mr. M
ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 398, supra. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 471, a bill to improve the pro-vision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a con-certed, transformative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slav-ery, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate ap-peals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regu-lations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more 
timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and co-ordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual violence, and for other purposes. 
S. 609 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 609, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and in-crease the exclusion for benefits pro-vided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 615, a bill to provide for con-gressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mrs. M
URRAY , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 615, supra. 
S. 619 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 619, a bill to include among the principal trade negotiating objectives of the United States regarding com-mercial partnerships trade negotiating objectives with respect to discouraging activity that discourages, penalizes, or otherwise limits commercial relations with Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 696 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 696, a bill to increase the number and percentage of students who graduate from high school college and career ready with the ability to use knowledge to solve complex problems, think critically, communicate effec-tively, collaborate with others, and de-
velop academic mindsets, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.016 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2402 April 23, 2015 
S. 729 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 729, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, with respect to certain exceptions to discharge in bankruptcy. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the 
Senator from New York (Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) and the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. B ENNET ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare beneficiaries newly diag-nosed with Alzheimer’s disease and re-lated dementias, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of dis-crimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 865 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 865, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 875 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 875, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
S. 883 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
883, a bill to facilitate the reestablish-ment of domestic, critical mineral des-ignation, assessment, production, man-ufacturing, recycling, analysis, fore-casting, workforce, education, and re-search capabilities in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reliable author-ity for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maxi-mize the effectiveness of the Fund for future generations, and for other pur-poses. S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
898, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 925, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to make a rec-ommendation to the Secretary regard-ing the likeness of a woman on the twenty dollar bill, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 933 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
933, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act with respect to the tim-ing of elections and pre-election hear-ings and the identification of pre-elec-tion issues, and to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in orga-nizing elections be provided to the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. 
S. 950 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) and the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 950, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a refundable adoption tax cred-it. 
S. 957 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 957, a bill to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs to help create jobs. 
S. 966 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 966, a bill to extend the low- interest refinancing provisions under the Local Development Business Loan Program of the Small Business Admin-istration. 
S. 967 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. P ETERS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 967, a bill to require the Small Business Administration to make information relating to lenders making covered loans publicly avail-able, and for other purposes. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 974, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit employment of children in to-
bacco-related agriculture by deeming such employment as oppressive child labor. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and sub-stance abuse systems. 
S. 1000 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1000, a bill to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs by improving the SCORE program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1001 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1001, a bill to establish au-thorization levels for general business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1016, a bill to preserve freedom and choice in health care. 
S. 1032 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1032, a bill to expand the use of E-Verify, to hold employers account-able, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1057 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1057, a bill to promote geothermal energy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1060 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1060, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1061 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1061, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1062 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1062, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.017 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2403 April 23, 2015 
S. CON. RES. 10 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Con. Res. 10, a concurrent resolution supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the ‘‘Inter-national Year of Soils’’ and supporting locally led soil conservation. 
S. RES. 140 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Minnesota 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from 
Nevada (Mr. R EID) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 140, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DURBIN: 
S. 1070. A bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to provide for clar-ification regarding the children to whom entitlement to educational as-sistance may be transferred under Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1070 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘GI Edu-
cation Benefit Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION REGARDING THE CHIL-
DREN TO WHOM ENTITLEMENT TO EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAY BE TRANSFERRED UNDER POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 
3319 of title 38, United States Code, is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE DEPENDENTS .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSFER .—An individual approved to 
transfer an entitlement to educational as-sistance under this section may transfer the individual’s entitlement as follows: 
‘‘(A) To the individual’s spouse. ‘‘(B) To one or more of the individual’s 
children. 
‘‘(C) To a combination of the individuals 
referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF CHILDREN .—For purposes 
of this subsection, the term ‘children’ in-cludes dependents described in section 1072(2)(I) of title 10.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to educational assistance payable under chap-ter 33 of title 38, United States Code, before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. CARDIN: 
S. 1079. A bill to amend titles XI and 
XVIII of the Social Security Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Serv-ice Act to improve coverage for colorectal screening tests under Medi-care and private health insurance cov-erage, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Finance. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Supporting Colorectal Examination and Education Now, SCREEN, Act. This legislation promotes access to colorectal cancer screenings in an effort to help prevent colorectal cancer and save lives. 
Colorectal cancer affects far too 
many Americans. The American Can-cer Society, ACS, estimates that 1 in 18 Americans will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer in 2015, totaling an estimated 133,000 new cases. Colorectal cancer is expected to take the lives of nearly 50,000 Americans in 2015, making it the second leading cause of cancer deaths in this country. 
Fortunately, colorectal cancer is also 
highly preventable, and colorectal can-cer screening tests rank among the most effective preventive screenings available. Colonoscopy screenings are different from other types of preven-tive or screening services because pre- cancerous polyps found during a screening can be removed during the same visit, before they progress to colorectal cancer. Early detection and intervention are key to preventing colon cancer. A 2012 study in the New England Journal of Medicine found that removal of precancerous polyps during a screening colonoscopy may prevent up to 53 percent of colorectal cancer deaths. 
The need to address barriers to 
colorectal cancer screening, particu-larly in the Medicare population, is clear. The Medicare population makes up approximately two-thirds of all new cases of colorectal cancer. However, ac-cording to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Service, CMS, only about half of Medicare beneficiaries have had a colorectal cancer screening test, and less than two-thirds of Medicare-aged adults are up to date with rec-ommended screenings. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC, American Cancer Society, ACS, Amer-ican College of Gastroenterology, ACG, and more than 200 national, State and local organizations have committed to work toward eliminating colorectal cancer through a national goal of screening 80 percent of eligible adults in the United States for colorectal can-cer by 2018. 
Currently, Medicare waives cost- 
sharing for colorectal cancer screenings recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, USPSTF, including screening colonoscopies. However, if the doctor finds and removes a pre-cancerous polyp during a screening colonoscopy, the procedure is no longer considered a ‘‘screening’’ by Medicare, and the bene-ficiary is required to pay the Medicare coinsurance. Because it is impossible to know in advance whether polyps will be found and removed during a screen-ing colonoscopy, Medicare beneficiaries do not know whether the procedure will be fully covered until it is over. In February 2013, the administration an-nounced that private insurers partici-
pating in State-based health insurance exchanges are required to waive all cost-sharing for screening colonoscopies during which a polyp is removed. Similarly, the SCREEN Act would waive Medicare’s cost-sharing requirement for screening colonoscopies during which polyps are removed in order to prevent the devel-opment of colorectal cancer. In addi-tion, the SCREEN Act would waive cost-sharing for follow-up colonoscopies necessary to complete the ‘‘screening continuum’’ following a positive finding from another rec-ommended colorectal cancer screening test. 
The SCREEN Act also seeks to im-
prove coordination of care and promote other important age-based rec-ommended screenings for Medicare beneficiaries, such as Hepatitis C virus, HCV, screening, by creating a dem-onstration project. The demonstration project would allow reimbursement for an office visit or consultation so that a Medicare beneficiary may sit down and discuss the screening with a doctor prior to the colonoscopy procedure. Ac-cording to the National Institutes of Health, ‘‘fear of the procedure itself’’ is a barrier to increasing colorectal can-cer screening utilization rates. This pre-procedure visit would allow pro-viders to allay patient anxiety about the procedure, address any questions related to the colonoscopy, assess the patient’s family history and risk fac-tors for developing colorectal cancer, and educate the patient about the im-portance of following the pre-procedure instructions. In addition, this visit would provide an opportunity to edu-cate Medicare beneficiaries about the importance of HCV screening. The CDC and the United States Preventive Serv-ices Task Force recommend a one-time HCV screening for all individuals born between 1945 and 1965, and a recent 
study suggests offering the HCV screening in connection with colonoscopies may be an effective means of increasing HCV screening rates. 
Finally, the SCREEN Act would pro-
vide incentives for Medicare providers to participate in nationally recognized quality improvement registries to en-sure that Medicare beneficiaries are re-ceiving the quality screening they de-serve. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the SCREEN Act, in order to help prevent colorectal cancer and save lives. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1079 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Supporting Colorectal Examination and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.018 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2404 April 23, 2015 
Education Now Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SCREEN 
Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Maintaining calendar year 2015 Medi-
care reimbursement rates for colonoscopy procedures for pro-viders participating in colorectal cancer screening quality improvement registry. 
Sec. 4. Eliminating Medicare beneficiary 
cost-sharing for certain colorectal cancer screenings, colorectal cancer screenings with therapeutic effect, and fol-low-up diagnostic colorectal cancer screenings covered under Medicare. 
Sec. 5. Medicare demonstration project to 
evaluate the effectiveness of a pre-operative visit prior to screening colonoscopy and hep-atitis C screening. 
Sec. 6. Budget neutrality. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Colorectal cancer is the second leading 
cause of cancer death among men and women combined in the United States. 
(2) In 2015, more than 130,000 Americans 
will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer, and nearly 50,000 Americans are expected to die from it. 
(3) Approximately 60 percent of colorectal 
cancer cases and 70 percent of colorectal can-cer deaths occur in those aged 65 and older. 
(4) Colorectal cancer screening 
colonoscopies allow for the detection and re-moval of polyps before they progress to colorectal cancer, as well as early detection of colorectal cancer when treatment can be most effective. 
(5) According to a 2012 study published in 
the New England Journal of Medicine, re-moving precancerous polyps through colonoscopy could reduce the number of colorectal cancer deaths by 53 percent. 
(6) Although colorectal cancer is highly 
preventable with appropriate screening, one in three adults between the ages of 50 and 75 years are not up to date with recommended colorectal cancer screening. 
(7) Over 200 organizations have committed 
to eliminating colorectal cancer as a major health problem in the United States and are working toward a shared goal of screening 80 percent of eligible Americans by 2018. 
(8) Hepatitis C is a liver disease that causes 
inflammation of the liver and results from infection with the Hepatitis C virus. Chronic Hepatitis C infection can lead to serious health problems, including liver damage, cir-rhosis, and liver cancer. It is the leading cause of liver transplants in the United States. 
(9) According to the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention (CDC), more than 75 percent of adults infected with the Hepatitis C virus in the United States were born be-tween 1945 and 1965. 
(10) The CDC estimates that up to 75 per-
cent of individuals with Hepatitis C do not know that they are infected. 
(11) The CDC and the United States Pre-
ventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) rec-ommend a one-time screening for Hepatitis C for all individuals born between 1945 and 1965. 
(12) A recent study suggests that offering 
Hepatitis C screening to patients in connec-tion with screening colonoscopies may be an effective means of increasing Hepatitis C screening rates among individuals born be-tween 1945 and 1965. SEC. 3. MAINTAINING CALENDAR YEAR 2015 
MEDICARE REIMBURSEMENT RATES FOR COLONOSCOPY PROCEDURES FOR PROVIDERS PARTICIPATING IN COLORECTAL CANCER SCREENING QUALITY IMPROVEMENT REGISTRY. 
Section 1834(d)(3) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(d)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(F) M
AINTAINING CALENDAR YEAR 2015 REIM -
BURSEMENT RATES FOR QUALIFYING CANCER  
SCREENING TESTS FURNISHED BY QUALIFYING  
PROVIDERS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—With respect to a quali-
fying cancer screening test furnished during each of 2016, 2017, and 2018, by a qualifying provider, the amount of payment to such provider for such test under section 1833 or section 1848 shall be equal to the amount of payment for such test under such section 1833 or 1848 during 2015. 
‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFYING CANCER SCREENING TEST .— 
For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualifying cancer screening test’ means an optical screening colonoscopy (as described in section 1861(pp)(1)(C)). 
‘‘(iii) Q
UALIFYING PROVIDER DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualifying provider’ means, with respect to a qualifying cancer screening test, an indi-vidual or entity— 
‘‘(I) that is eligible for payment for such 
test under section 1833 or section 1848; and 
‘‘(II) that— ‘‘(aa) participates in a nationally recog-
nized quality improvement registry with re-spect to such test; and 
‘‘(bb) demonstrates, to the satisfaction of 
the Secretary, based on the information in such registry, that the tests were provided by such individual or entity in accordance with accepted outcomes-based quality meas-ures.’’. 
SEC. 4. ELIMINATING MEDICARE BENEFICIARY 
COST-SHARING FOR CERTAIN 
COLORECTAL CANCER SCREENINGS, COLORECTAL CANCER SCREENINGS WITH THERAPEUTIC EFFECT, AND FOLLOW-UP DIAGNOSTIC COLORECTAL CANCER SCREENINGS COVERED UNDER MEDICARE. 
(a) W AIVER OF COST-SHARING .—Section 
1833(a)(1)(Y) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(a)(1)(Y)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including colorectal cancer screening tests covered under this part described in section 1861(pp)(1)(C) (regardless of the code that is billed for the establishment of a diag-nosis as a result of the screening test, for the removal of tissue or other matter during the screening test, or for a follow-up procedure that is furnished in connection with, or as a result of, the initial screening test)’’ after ‘‘or population’’. 
(b) W
AIVER OF APPLICATION OF DEDUCT -
IBLE.—Section 1833(b) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) of the first sentence, by 
striking ‘‘individual.’’ and inserting ‘‘indi-vidual, including colorectal cancer screening tests covered under this part described in section 1861(pp)(1)(C)’’; and 
(2) by striking the last sentence and insert-
ing the following: ‘‘Subsection (a)(1)(Y) and paragraph (1) of the first sentence of this subsection shall apply with respect to a colorectal cancer screening test covered under this part described in section 1861(pp)(1)(C), regardless of the code that is billed for the establishment of a diagnosis as a result of the screening test, for the re-moval of tissue or other matter during the screening test, or for a follow-up procedure that is furnished in connection with, or as a result of, the initial screening test.’’ 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to tests and procedures performed on or after January 1, 2016. SEC. 5. MEDICARE DEMONSTRATION PROJECT 
TO EVALUATE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF A PRE-OPERATIVE VISIT PRIOR TO SCREENING COLONOSCOPY AND HEPATITIS C SCREENING. 
Section 1115A(b)(2) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in the last sentence of subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘, and shall include the model described in subparagraph (D)’’ before the period at the end; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) M
EDICARE DEMONSTRATION PROJECT TO  
EVALUATE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF A PRE -OPER -
ATIVE VISIT PRIOR TO SCREENING COLONOSCOPY  
AND HEPATITIS C SCREENING .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The model described in 
this subparagraph is a demonstration project under title XVIII to evaluate the effective-ness of a pre-operative visit with the pro-vider performing the procedure prior to screening colonoscopy to— 
‘‘(I) ease any patient concern or fears with 
respect to the procedure and answer any questions relating to the screening; 
‘‘(II) ensure quality examinations and 
avoid unnecessary repeat examinations by educating individuals on the importance of following pre-procedure instructions, such as bowel preparation, and addressing the indi-vidual’s family history of or predisposition to colorectal cancer; and 
‘‘(III) increase Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) 
screening rates among Medicare bene-ficiaries by educating individuals about the importance of such screening during the pre- operative visit and having the pre-operative visit fulfill the referral requirement for such screening under title XVIII, allowing pa-tients to be screened for colorectal cancer and HCV at the same time. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with stakeholders who would be pro-viding the pre-operative visit under the model described in this subparagraph on the implementation of such model, including payment for services furnished under the model.’’. 
SEC. 6. BUDGET NEUTRALITY. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT OF PHYSICIAN FEESCHED -
ULE CONVERSION FACTOR .—The Secretary of 
Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall reduce the conversion factor established under sub-section (d) of section 1848 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) for each year (be-ginning with 2016) to the extent necessary to reduce expenditures under such section for items and services furnished during the year in the aggregate by the net offset amount de-termined under subsection (c)(5) attributable to such section for the year. 
(b) A
DJUSTMENT OF HOPD C ONVERSION FAC-
TOR.—The Secretary shall reduce the conver-
sion factor established under paragraph (3)(C) of section 1833(t) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)) for each year (begin-ning with 2016) to the extent necessary to re-duce expenditures under such section for items and services furnished during the year in the aggregate by the net offset amount de-termined under subsection (c)(5) attributable to such section for the year. 
(c) D
ETERMINATIONS RELATING TO EXPENDI -
TURES .—For purposes of this section, before 
the beginning of each year (beginning with 2016) at the time conversion factors described in subsections (a) and (b) are established for the year, the Secretary shall determine— 
(1) the amount of the gross additional ex-
penditures under title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) estimated to result from the implementation of sec-tions 3 and 4 for items and services furnished during the year; 
(2) the amount of any offsetting reductions 
in expenditures under such title (such as re-ductions in payments for inpatient hospital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.022 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2405 April 23, 2015 
services) for such year attributable to the 
implementation of such sections; 
(3) the amount (if any) by which the 
amount of the gross additional expenditures determined under paragraph (1) for the year exceeds the amount of offsetting reductions determined under paragraph (2) for the year; 
(4) of the gross additional expenditures de-
termined under paragraph (1) for the year that are attributable to expenditures under sections 1848 and 1833(t) of such Act, the ratio of such expenditures that are attrib-utable to each respective section; and 
(5) with respect to section 1848 and section 
1833(t) of such Act, a net offset amount for the year equal to the product of— 
(A) the amount of the net additional ex-
penditures for the year determined under paragraph (3); and 
(B) the ratio determined under paragraph 
(4) attributable to the respective section. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 1084. A bill to promote trans-
parency by permitting the Public Com-pany Accounting Oversight Board to allow its disciplinary proceedings to be open to the public, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
joined by Senator G
RASSLEY in reintro-
ducing the PCAOB Enforcement Trans-parency Act. This bill permits the Pub-lic Company Accounting Oversight Board, PCAOB, to make public the dis-ciplinary proceedings it has brought against auditors and audit firms earlier in the process. 
Over 10 years ago, our markets were 
victimized by a series of massive finan-cial reporting frauds, including those involving Enron and WorldCom. These and other public companies had pro-duced fraudulent and materially mis-leading financial statements, which ar-
tificially drove their stock prices up. Once the fraud was discovered, investor confidence plummeted. 
In response to this crisis, the Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs conducted a series of hearings, which produced consensus on a number of underlying causes, includ-ing weak corporate governance, a lack of accountability, and inadequate over-sight of accountants charged with au-diting public companies’ financial statements. 
In order to address the gaps and 
structural weaknesses revealed by the investigation and hearings, the Senate passed the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in a 99 to 0 vote. 
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act ensured that 
corporate officers were directly ac-countable for their financial reporting and for the quality of their financial statements. This law also created a strong, independent board, the PCAOB, to oversee the conduct of the auditors of public companies. 
The PCAOB is responsible for over-
seeing auditors of public companies in order to protect investors who rely on independent audit reports on the finan-cial statements of public companies and operates under the oversight of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sioner, SEC. To conduct its duties, the PCAOB 
oversees more than 2,400 registered au-diting firms, as well as the thousands of audit partners and staff who con-tribute to a firm’s work on each audit. The Board’s ability to commence pro-ceedings to determine whether there have been violations of its auditing standards or rules of professional prac-tice is an important component of its oversight. 
However, unlike other oversight bod-
ies, such as the SEC, the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor, the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, the U.S. Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Au-thority, and others, the Board’s dis-ciplinary proceedings are not allowed to be public without consent from the parties involved. Of course, parties sub-ject to disciplinary proceedings have no incentive to consent to publicizing their alleged wrongdoing and thus these proceedings typically remain cloaked behind a veil of secrecy. In ad-dition, the Board’s decisions in dis-ciplinary proceedings are not allowed to be publicized until after the com-plete exhaustion of an appeals process, which can often take several years. 
The nonpublic nature of these 
PCAOB disciplinary proceedings cre-ates a lack of transparency that invites abuse and undermines the Congres-sional intent behind the establishment of the PCAOB, which was to shine a bright light on auditing firms and prac-tices, and to bolster the accountability of auditors of public companies to the investing public. 
Over the last several years, some bad 
actors have taken advantage of the lack of transparency by using it to shield themselves from public scrutiny and accountability. PCAOB Chairman James Doty has repeatedly stated in testimony provided to both the Senate and House of Representatives over the past two years that the secrecy of the proceedings ‘‘has a variety of unfortu-nate consequences’’ and that such se-crecy is harmful to investors, the au-diting profession, and the public at large. 
In one example, an accounting firm 
that was subject to a disciplinary pro-ceeding continued to issue no fewer than 29 additional audit reports on public companies without any of those companies knowing about the PCAOB disciplinary proceedings. In other words, investors and the public com-pany clients of that audit firm were de-prived of relevant and material infor-mation about the proceedings against the firm and the substance of any vio-lations. 
There are several reasons why the 
Board’s enforcement proceedings should be open and transparent. First, as I have already noted, the closed pro-ceedings run counter to the public pro-ceedings of other government oversight bodies. Indeed, nearly all administra-tive proceedings brought by the SEC against those it regulates, including public companies, brokers, dealers, in-vestment advisers, and others, are 
open, public proceedings. The PCAOB’s secret proceedings are not only shield-ed from the public, but also from Con-gress, making it difficult, if not impos-sible, to effectively evaluate the Board’s oversight of auditors and audit firms, and its enforcement program. 
Second, the incentive to litigate 
cases in order to continue to shield conduct from public scrutiny as long as possible frustrates the process and re-quires the expenditure of needless re-sources by both litigants and the PCAOB. 
Third, agencies such as the SEC have 
found open and transparent discipli-nary proceedings to be valuable be-cause they inform peer audit firms of the type of activity that may give rise to enforcement action by the regu-lator. In effect, transparency of pro-ceedings can serve as a deterrent to misconduct because of a perceived in-crease in the likelihood of ‘‘getting caught.’’ Accordingly, the audit indus-try as a whole would also benefit from timely, public, and non-secret enforce-ment proceedings. 
Our bill will make hearings by the 
PCAOB, and all related notices, orders, and motions, transparent and available to the public unless otherwise ordered by the Board. This would more closely align the PCAOB’s procedures with those of the SEC for analogous mat-ters. 
Increasing the transparency and ac-
countability of audit firms subject to disciplinary proceedings instituted by the PCAOB is a critical component of efforts to bolster and maintain inves-tor confidence in our financial mar-kets, while better protecting compa-nies from problematic auditors. 
I hope our colleagues will join Sen-
ator G
RASSLEY and me in supporting 
this legislation to enhance trans-parency in the PCAOB’s enforcement process. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 148—CON-
DEMNING THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN’S STATE-SPONSORED PER-SECUTION OF ITS BAHA’I MINOR-ITY AND ITS CONTINUED VIOLA-TION OF THE INTERNATIONAL COVENANTS ON HUMAN RIGHTS 
Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , 
Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 148 
Whereas, in 1982, 1984, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1993, 
1994, 1996, 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2012, and 2013, Congress declared that it deplored the religious persecution by the Government of Iran of the Baha’i community and would hold the Government of Iran responsible for upholding the rights of all Iranian nationals, including members of the Baha’i Faith; 
Whereas the United States Commission on 
International Religious Freedom 2014 Report stated, ‘‘The Baha’i community, the largest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.022 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2406 April 23, 2015 
non-Muslim religious minority in Iran, long 
has been subject to particularly severe reli-gious freedom violations. The government views Baha’is, who number at least 300,000, as ‘heretics’ and consequently they face re-pression on the grounds of apostasy.’’; 
Whereas the United States Commission on 
International Religious Freedom 2014 Report stated that ‘‘[s]ince 1979, authorities have killed or executed more than 200 Baha’i lead-ers, and more than 10,000 have been dis-missed from government and university jobs’’ and ‘‘[m]ore than 700 Baha’is have been arbitrarily arrested since 2005’’; 
Whereas the Department of State 2013 
International Religious Freedom Report stated that the Government of Iran ‘‘pro-hibits Baha’is from teaching and practicing their faith and subjects them to many forms of discrimination not faced by members of other religious groups’’ and ‘‘since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, formally denies Baha’i students access to higher education’’; 
Whereas the Department of State 2013 
International Religious Freedom Report stated, ‘‘The government requires Baha’is to register with the police,’’ and ‘‘The govern-ment raided Baha’i homes and businesses and confiscated large amounts of private and commercial property, as well as religious materials.’’; 
Whereas the Department of State 2013 
International Religious Freedom Report stated, ‘‘Baha’is are regularly denied com-pensation for injury or criminal victimiza-tion and the right to inherit property.’’; 
Whereas, on August 27, 2014, the United Na-
tions Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran issued a report (A/69/356), which stated, ‘‘The human rights situation in the Islamic Re-public of Iran remains of concern. Numerous issues flagged by the General Assembly, the United Nations human rights mechanisms and the Secretary-General persist, and in some cases appear to have worsened, some recent overtures made by the Administra-tion and the parliament notwithstanding.’’; 
Whereas, on December 18, 2014, the United 
Nations General Assembly adopted a resolu-tion (A/RES/69/190), which ‘‘[e]xpresse[d] deep concern’’ over ‘‘[c]ontinued discrimination, persecution and human rights violations against persons belonging to unrecognized religious minorities, particularly members of the Baha’i [F]aith. . .and the effective criminalization of membership in the Baha’i [F]aith,’’ and called upon the Government of Iran to ‘‘emancipate the Baha’i commu-nity. . .and to accord all Baha’is, including those imprisoned because of their beliefs, the 
due process of law and the rights that they are constitutionally guaranteed’’; 
Whereas, since May of 2008, the Govern-
ment of Iran has imprisoned the seven mem-bers of the former ad hoc leadership group of the Baha’i community in Iran, known as the Yaran-i-Iran, or ‘‘friends of Iran’’—Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi, Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani, Mr. Afif Naeimi, Mr. Saeid Rezaie, Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli, Mrs. Mahvash Sabet, and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm—and these individ-uals are serving 20-year prison terms, the longest sentences given to any current pris-oner of conscience in Iran, on charges includ-ing ‘‘spying for Israel, insulting religious sanctities, propaganda against the regime and spreading corruption on earth’’; 
Whereas, beginning in May 2011, officials of 
the Government of Iran in 4 cities conducted sweeping raids on the homes of dozens of in-dividuals associated with the Baha’i Insti-tute for Higher Education (BIHE) and ar-rested and detained several educators associ-ated with BIHE, and 12 BIHE educators are now serving 4- or 5-year prison terms; 
Whereas scores of Baha’i cemeteries have 
been attacked, and, in April 2014, Revolu-tionary Guards began excavating a Baha’i 
cemetery in Shiraz, which is the site of 950 graves; 
Whereas the Baha’i International Commu-
nity reported that there has been a recent surge in anti-Baha’i hate propaganda in Ira-nian state-sponsored media outlets, noting that, in 2010 and 2011, approximately 22 anti- Baha’i articles were appearing every month, and, in 2014, the number of anti-Baha’i arti-cles rose to approximately 401 per month—18 times the previous level; 
Whereas there are currently 100 Baha’is in 
prison in Iran; 
Whereas the Government of Iran is party 
to the International Covenants on Human Rights and is in violation of its obligations under the Covenants; and 
Whereas the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-
tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–195) authorizes the President and the Secretary of State to im-pose sanctions on individuals ‘‘responsible for or complicit in, or responsible for order-ing, controlling, or otherwise directing, the commission of serious human rights abuses against citizens of Iran or their family mem-bers on or after June 12, 2009’’: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the Government of Iran’s 
state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i mi-nority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; 
(2) calls on the Government of Iran to im-
mediately release the 7 imprisoned Baha’i leaders, the 12 imprisoned Baha’i educators, and all other prisoners held solely on ac-count of their religion; 
(3) calls on the President and Secretary of 
State, in cooperation with responsible na-tions, to immediately condemn the Govern-ment of Iran’s continued violation of human rights and demand the immediate release of prisoners held solely on account of their reli-gion; and 
(4) urges the President and Secretary of 
State to utilize available authorities, includ-ing the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Ac-countability, and Divestment Act of 2010, to impose sanctions on officials of the Govern-ment of Iran and other individuals directly responsible for serious human rights abuses, including abuses against the Baha’i commu-nity of Iran. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 149—RECOG-
NIZING THE IMPORTANCE AND INSPIRATION OF THE HUBBLE SPACE TELESCOPE 
Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. D
UR-
BIN) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 149 
Whereas the launch of the Hubble Space 
Telescope on April 24, 1990, from the Kennedy Space Center marked a historic moment in space discovery and observation; 
Whereas the National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration designed, built, and placed the Hubble Space Telescope into orbit; 
Whereas the Space Shuttle Discovery 
transported the Hubble Space Telescope on the STS-31 mission and placed the Telescope into orbit at 380 statute miles; 
Whereas the crew on the Space Shuttle 
Discovery consisted of Commander Loren J. Shriver, Pilot Charles F. Bolden, Jr., Mission Specialist Bruce McCandless II, Mission Spe-cialist Kathryn D. Sullivan, and Mission Specialist Steven A. Hawley; 
Whereas the Hubble Space Telescope 
weighed more than 24,000 pounds at launch, currently weighs 27,000 pounds following the 
final servicing mission in 2009, and measures more than 43 feet in length; 
Whereas the Hubble Space Telescope orbits 
the Earth at 17,000 miles per hour and has completed more than 3,000,000,000 miles of orbit around the Earth; 
Whereas the Hubble Space Telescope con-
tinues to provide more than 10 Terabytes of data annually and has been heralded as one of the most productive scientific instru-ments known to man; 
Whereas the spirit of discovery, innova-
tion, and exploration is enshrined in the pro-ductivity of the Hubble Space Telescope; and 
Whereas the Hubble Space Telescope has 
made significant advancements and discov-eries in planetary sciences, cosmology, and galactic sciences: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the National Aeronautics 
and Space Administration on the 25th anni-versary of the Hubble Space Telescope launch; 
(2) recognizes the scientists, crew, engi-
neers, and staff who contributed to the suc-cess of the Hubble Space Telescope; 
(3) notes the significance of the discoveries 
and contributions to science of the Hubble Space Telescope as well as the subsequent in-
novations that were derived from the data collected from the Hubble Space Telescope; and 
(4) acknowledges that the Hubble Space 
Telescope has captured images from and an-swered questions about space and has in-spired generations of young people to go into the fields of science, technology, engineer-ing, mathematics, and research. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 150—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ABOUT THE IMPOR-TANCE OF EFFECTIVE CIVIC AND GOVERNMENT EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS IN SCHOOLS IN THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 150 
Whereas civic and government education is 
essential to the preservation and improve-ment of the constitutional government of the United States; 
Whereas civic and government education 
programs foster understanding of the history and principles of the constitutional govern-ment of the United States, including prin-ciples that are embodied in certain funda-mental documents and speeches, such as the Declaration of Independence, the Constitu-tion of the United States, the Bill of Rights, the Federalist Papers, the Gettysburg Ad-dress, and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech; 
Whereas research shows that too few peo-
ple in the United States understand basic principles of the constitutional government of the United States, such as the natural rights set forth in the Declaration of Inde-pendence, the existence and functions of the 3 branches of the Federal Government, checks and balances, and other concepts fun-damental to informed citizenship; 
Whereas, since the founding of the United 
States, schools in the United States have had a strong civic mission to prepare stu-dents to be informed, rational, humane, and involved citizens who are committed to the values and principles of the constitutional government of the United States; 
Whereas a free society relies on the knowl-
edge, skills, and virtue of the citizens of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.025 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2407 April 23, 2015 
society, particularly the individuals elected 
to public office to represent the citizens; 
Whereas, while many institutions help to 
develop the knowledge and skills and shape the civic character of people in the United States, schools in the United States, includ-ing elementary schools, bear a special and historic responsibility for the development of civic competence and civic responsibility of students; 
Whereas student learning is enhanced by 
well-designed classroom civic and govern-ment education programs that— 
(1) incorporate instruction in government, 
history, law, and democracy; 
(2) promote discussion of current events 
and controversial issues; 
(3) link community service and the formal 
curriculum; and 
(4) encourage students to participate in 
simulations of democratic processes; and 
Whereas research shows that the knowl-
edge and expertise of teachers are among the most important factors in increasing student achievement: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) civic and government education is es-
sential to the well-being of the constitu-tional government of the United States; 
(2) comprehensive and formal instruction 
in civic and government education would provide students a basis for understanding the rights and responsibilities of citizens in the constitutional government of the United States; 
(3) elementary and secondary schools in 
the United States are encouraged to offer courses on the history and theories of the constitutional government of the United States, using programs and curricula with a demonstrated effectiveness in fostering civic competence, civic responsibility, and a rea-soned commitment to the fundamental val-ues and principles underlying the constitu-tional government of the United States; and 
(4) all teachers of civics and government 
are well served by having access to adequate opportunities to enrich teaching through professional development programs that en-hance the capacity of teachers to provide ef-fective civic and government education in the classroom. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 151—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL SAFE DIGGING MONTH 
Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 151 
Whereas each year, the underground util-
ity infrastructure of the United States, in-cluding pipelines, electric, gas, tele-communications, water, sewer, and cable tel-evision lines, is jeopardized by unintentional damage caused by those who fail to have un-derground lines located prior to digging; 
Whereas some utility lines are buried only 
a few inches underground, making the lines easy to strike, even during shallow digging projects; 
Whereas digging prior to locating under-
ground utility lines often results in unin-tended consequences, such as service inter-ruption, environmental damage, personal in-jury, and even death; 
Whereas the month of April marks the be-
ginning of the peak period during which ex-cavation projects are carried out around the United States; 
Whereas in 2002, Congress required the De-
partment of Transportation and the Federal Communications Commission to establish a 
3-digit, nationwide, toll-free number to be used by State ‘‘One Call’’ systems to provide information on underground utility lines; 
Whereas in 2005, the Federal Communica-
tions Commission designated ‘‘811’’ as the nationwide ‘‘One Call’’ number for home-owners and excavators to use to obtain infor-mation on underground utility lines before conducting excavation activities; 
Whereas ‘‘One Call’’ has helped reduce the 
number of digging damages caused by failure to call before digging from 48 percent in 2004 to 26 percent in 2013; 
Whereas the 1,700 members of the Common 
Ground Alliance, who are dedicated to ensur-ing public safety, environmental protection, and the integrity of services, promote the national ‘‘Call Before You Dig’’ campaign to increase public awareness about the impor-tance of homeowners and excavators calling 811 to find out the exact location of under-ground lines; 
Whereas the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory 
Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (Pub-lic Law 112–90; 125 Stat. 1904) affirmed and expanded the ‘‘One Call’’ program by elimi-nating exemptions given to local and State government agencies and their contractors regarding notifying ‘‘One Call’’ centers be-fore digging; and 
Whereas the Common Ground Alliance has 
designated April as ‘‘National Safe Digging Month’’ to increase awareness of safe digging practices across the United States and to 
celebrate the anniversary of 811, the national ‘‘Call Before You Dig’’ number: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional 3 Safe Digging Month; and 
(2) encourages all homeowners and exca-
vators throughout the United States to call 811 before digging. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1132. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
KIRK) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1133. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1134. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1135. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1136. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1137. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1138. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1139. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1140. Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ) proposed an amendment to the bill 
H.R. 1191, supra. SA 1141. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. K IRK, 
and Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1142. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1143. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1144. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1145. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
K
IRK) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1146. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1147. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. 
LEE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1148. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1149. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and 
Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1150. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
R
ISCH, and Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1151. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and 
Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1152. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1132. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 26, line 23, strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and 
insert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the President determines Iran’s lead-
ers have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
SA 1133. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.027 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2408 April 23, 2015 
Beginning on page 30, strike line 15 and all 
that follows through page 34, line 11, and in-sert the following: ‘‘any such sanctions or fa-cilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a). 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING PRESI -
DENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of dis-approval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statu-tory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions or facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 12 calendar days following the date of passage of the joint resolution of dis-approval. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING CON -
GRESSIONAL RECONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RES -
OLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, except as pro-vided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of disapproval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, and the President ve-toes such joint resolution, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions or facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 10 calendar days following the date of the President’s veto. 
‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions under 
paragraphs (3) through (5) do not apply to any new deferral, waiver, or other suspension of statutory sanctions pursuant to the Joint 
Plan of Action if that deferral, waiver, or other suspension is made— 
‘‘(A) consistent with the law in effect on 
the date of the enactment of the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 45 calendar days before 
the transmission by the President of an agreement, assessment report, and certifi-cation under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTION  
WITH RESPECT TO NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS  
WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) the sanctions regime imposed on Iran 
by Congress is primarily responsible for bringing Iran to the table to negotiate on its nuclear program; 
‘‘(B) these negotiations are a critically im-
portant matter of national security and for-eign policy for the United States and its closest allies; 
‘‘(C) this section does not require a vote by 
Congress for the agreement to commence; 
‘‘(D) this section provides for congressional 
review, including, as appropriate, for ap-proval, disapproval, or no action on statu-tory sanctions relief under an agreement; and 
‘‘(E) even though the agreement may com-
mence, because the sanctions regime was im-posed by Congress and only Congress can permanently modify or eliminate that re-gime, it is critically important that Con-gress have the opportunity, in an orderly and deliberative manner, to consider and, as ap-propriate, take action affecting the statu-tory sanctions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to an agreement sub-ject to subsection (a) or the Joint Plan of Action— ‘‘(A) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, during the period for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does favor the agreement; 
‘‘(B) may not be taken if, during the period 
for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Con-gress does not favor the agreement; or 
‘‘(C) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, following the period for review provided in subsection (b), there is not enacted any such joint resolution. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the phrase ‘‘action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States’’ shall include waiver, suspen-sion, reduction, or other effort to provide re-lief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to, Iran or to facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran under 
SA 1134. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 26, line 23, strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and 
insert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) all United States citizens unjustly 
detained by Iran, including Jason Rezaian, Amir Hekmati, and Saeed Abedini, have been released from Iranian custody, and the Gov-ernment of Iran is fully cooperating in ef-forts to locate Robert Levinson. 
SA 1135. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 51, line 2, insert ‘‘and any related 
agreements, including draft United Nations Security Council resolutions or agreed pa-rameters for such resolutions’’ after ‘‘par-ties’’. 
SA 1136. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 42, line 7, insert ‘‘, and pursuing 
United Nations consideration of an agree-ment prior to Congress would undermine the appropriate role of Congress’’ after ‘‘Con-gress’’. 
SA 1137. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 26, line 23, strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and 
insert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the President determines that no 
sanctions relief provided under the agree-ment will be provided from sanctions im-posed by Congress or the Executive Branch due to Iran’s support for terrorism, its bal-listic missile programs, or its human rights abuses against the people of Iran or will un-dermine the effectiveness of such sanc-tions.’’. 
SA 1138. Mr. RISCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 9, between lines 2 and 3, insert the 
following: 
‘‘(7) L IMITATION ON ACTIONS BASED ON DE -
TENTION OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a) until the Government of Iran re-leases to the United States the following United States citizens: 
‘‘(A) Saeed Abedini of Idaho, who has been 
detained in Iran on charges related to his re-ligious beliefs since September 2012. 
‘‘(B) Amir Hekmati of Michigan, who has 
been imprisoned in Iran on false espionage charges since August 2011. 
‘‘(C) Jason Rezaian of California, who, as 
an Iranian government credentialed reporter for the Washington Post, has been unjustly held in Iran on vague charges since July 2014. 
‘‘(D) Robert Levinson of Florida, who was 
abducted on Kish Island in March 2007. 
SA 1139. Mr. RISCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 9, between lines 2 and 3, insert the 
following: 
‘‘(7) L IMITATION ON ACTIONS BASED ON DE -
TENTION OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a) until the Government of Iran re-leases to the United States the following United States citizens: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.031 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2409 April 23, 2015 
‘‘(A) Saeed Abedini of Idaho, who has been 
detained in Iran on charges related to his re-ligious beliefs since September 2012. 
‘‘(B) Amir Hekmati of Michigan, who has 
been imprisoned in Iran on false espionage charges since August 2011. 
‘‘(C) Jason Rezaian of California, who, as 
an Iranian government credentialed reporter for the Washington Post, has been unjustly held in Iran on vague charges since July 2014. 
‘‘(D) Robert Levinson of Florida, who was 
abducted on Kish Island in March 2007. 
SA 1140. Mr. CORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volun-teers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Nuclear 
Agreement Review Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR PRO-GRAM OF IRAN. 
The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 
2011 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 134 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 135. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN. 
‘‘(a) T RANSMISSION TO CONGRESS OF NU-
CLEAR AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN AND  
VERIFICATION ASSESSMENT WITHRESPECT TO  
SUCHAGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSMISSION OF AGREEMENTS .—Not 
later than 5 calendar days after reaching an agreement with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran, the President shall trans-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees and leadership— 
‘‘(A) the agreement, as defined in sub-
section (h)(1), including all related materials and annexes; 
‘‘(B) a verification assessment report of the 
Secretary of State prepared under paragraph (2) with respect to the agreement; and 
‘‘(C) a certification that— ‘‘(i) the agreement includes the appro-
priate terms, conditions, and duration of the agreement’s requirements with respect to Iran’s nuclear activities and provisions de-scribing any sanctions to be waived, sus-pended, or otherwise reduced by the United States, and any other nation or entity, in-cluding the United Nations; and 
‘‘(ii) the President determines the agree-
ment meets United States non-proliferation objectives, does not jeopardize the common defense and security, provides an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s nuclear ac-tivities permitted thereunder will not be in-imical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security, and en-sures that Iran’s nuclear activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explosive purpose, including for any research on or de-velopment of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose. 
‘‘(2) V
ERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall prepare, with respect to an agreement described in paragraph (1), a report assess-ing— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the Secretary will 
be able to verify that Iran is complying with its obligations and commitments under the agreement; 
‘‘(ii) the adequacy of the safeguards and 
other control mechanisms and other assur-ances contained in the agreement with re-
spect to Iran’s nuclear program to ensure Iran’s activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explosive purpose, in-cluding for any research on or development of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the capacity and capability of the 
International Atomic Energy Agency to ef-fectively implement the verification regime required by or related to the agreement, in-cluding whether the International Atomic Energy Agency will have sufficient access to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of covert nuclear-related activities and wheth-er it has the required funding, manpower, and authority to undertake the verification regime required by or related to the agree-ment. 
‘‘(B) A
SSUMPTIONS .—In preparing a report 
under subparagraph (A) with respect to an agreement described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall assume that Iran could— 
‘‘(i) use all measures not expressly prohib-
ited by the agreement to conceal activities that violate its obligations and commit-ments under the agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) alter or deviate from standard prac-
tices in order to impede efforts to verify that Iran is complying with those obligations and commitments. 
‘‘(C) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—A report under 
subparagraph (A) shall be transmitted in un-classified form, but shall include a classified annex prepared in consultation with the Di-rector of National Intelligence, summarizing relevant classified information. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Neither the require-
ments of subparagraphs (B) and (C) of para-graph (1), nor subsections (b) through (g) of this section, shall apply to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (h)(5) or to the EU–Iran Joint Statement made on April 2, 2015. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Notwith-
standing subparagraph (A), any agreement as defined in subsection (h)(1) and any related materials, whether concluded before or after the date of the enactment of this section, shall not be subject to the exception in sub-
paragraph (A). 
‘‘(b) P
ERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS OF  
NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—During the 30-calendar 
day period following transmittal by the President of an agreement pursuant to sub-section (a), the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives shall, as appropriate, hold hearings and briefings and otherwise obtain information in order to fully review such agreement. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The period for congres-
sional review under paragraph (1) shall be 60 calendar days if an agreement, including all materials required to be transmitted to Con-gress pursuant to subsection (a)(1), is trans-mitted pursuant to subsection (a) between July 10, 2015, and September 7, 2015. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING INITIAL  
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW PERIOD .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), prior to and during the period for transmission of an agreement in subsection (a)(1) and during the period for congressional review provided in paragraph (1), including any additional pe-riod as applicable under the exception pro-vided in paragraph (2), the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING PRESI -
DENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU -TION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of dis-approval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statu-tory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agree-ment described in subsection (a) for a period of 12 calendar days following the date of pas-sage of the joint resolution of disapproval. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING CON -
GRESSIONAL RECONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RES -
OLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, except as pro-vided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of disapproval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, and the President ve-toes such joint resolution, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 10 calendar days following the date of the President’s veto. 
‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions under 
paragraphs (3) through (5) do not apply to any new deferral, waiver, or other suspension of statutory sanctions pursuant to the Joint Plan of Action if that deferral, waiver, or other suspension is made— 
‘‘(A) consistent with the law in effect on 
the date of the enactment of the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 45 calendar days before 
the transmission by the President of an agreement, assessment report, and certifi-cation under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTION  
WITH RESPECT TO NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS  
WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) the sanctions regime imposed on Iran 
by Congress is primarily responsible for bringing Iran to the table to negotiate on its nuclear program; 
‘‘(B) these negotiations are a critically im-
portant matter of national security and for-eign policy for the United States and its closest allies; 
‘‘(C) this section does not require a vote by 
Congress for the agreement to commence; 
‘‘(D) this section provides for congressional 
review, including, as appropriate, for ap-proval, disapproval, or no action on statu-tory sanctions relief under an agreement; and 
‘‘(E) even though the agreement may com-
mence, because the sanctions regime was im-posed by Congress and only Congress can permanently modify or eliminate that re-gime, it is critically important that Con-gress have the opportunity, in an orderly and deliberative manner, to consider and, as ap-propriate, take action affecting the statu-tory sanctions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to an agreement sub-ject to subsection (a) or the Joint Plan of Action— 
‘‘(A) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, during the period for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does favor the agreement; 
‘‘(B) may not be taken if, during the period 
for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.032 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2410 April 23, 2015 
resolution stating in substance that the Con-
gress does not favor the agreement; or 
‘‘(C) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, following the period for review provided in subsection (b), there is not enacted any such joint resolution. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the phrase ‘action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States’ shall include waiver, suspen-sion, reduction, or other effort to provide re-lief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to, Iran under any provision of law or any other ef-fort to refrain from applying any such sanc-tions. 
‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF IRANIAN  
COMPLIANCE WITHNUCLEAR AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall keep 
the appropriate congressional committees and leadership fully and currently informed of all aspects of Iranian compliance with re-spect to an agreement subject to subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIALLY SIGNIFICANT BREACHES  
AND COMPLIANCE INCIDENTS .—The President 
shall, within 10 calendar days of receiving credible and accurate information relating to a potentially significant breach or compli-ance incident by Iran with respect to an agreement subject to subsection (a), submit such information to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(3) M
ATERIAL BREACH REPORT .—Not later 
than 30 calendar days after submitting infor-mation about a potentially significant breach or compliance incident pursuant to paragraph (2), the President shall make a de-termination whether such potentially sig-nificant breach or compliance issue con-stitutes a material breach and, if there is such a material breach, whether Iran has cured such material breach, and shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership such determination, accom-panied by, as appropriate, a report on the ac-tion or failure to act by Iran that led to the material breach, actions necessary for Iran to cure the breach, and the status of Iran’s efforts to cure the breach. 
‘‘(4) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 
180 calendar days after entering into an 
agreement described in subsection (a), and not less frequently than once every 180 cal-endar days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on Iran’s nuclear program and the compliance of Iran with the agreement during the period cov-ered by the report, including the following elements: 
‘‘(A) Any action or failure to act by Iran 
that breached the agreement or is in non-compliance with the terms of the agreement. 
‘‘(B) Any delay by Iran of more than one 
week in providing inspectors access to facili-ties, people, and documents in Iran as re-quired by the agreement. 
‘‘(C) Any progress made by Iran to resolve 
concerns by the International Atomic En-ergy Agency about possible military dimen-sions of Iran’s nuclear program. 
‘‘(D) Any procurement by Iran of materials 
in violation of the agreement or which could otherwise significantly advance Iran’s abil-ity to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
‘‘(E) Any centrifuge research and develop-
ment conducted by Iran that— 
‘‘(i) is not in compliance with the agree-
ment; or 
‘‘(ii) may substantially enhance the break-
out time of acquisition of a nuclear weapon by Iran, if deployed. 
‘‘(F) Any diversion by Iran of uranium, 
carbon-fiber, or other materials for use in Iran’s nuclear program in violation of the agreement. ‘‘(G) Any covert nuclear activities under-
taken by Iran, including any covert nuclear weapons-related or covert fissile material ac-tivities or research and development. 
‘‘(H) An assessment of whether any Iranian 
financial institutions are engaged in money laundering or terrorist finance activities, in-cluding names of specific financial institu-tions if applicable. 
‘‘(I) Iran’s advances in its ballistic missile 
program, including developments related to its long-range and inter-continental ballistic missile programs. 
‘‘(J) An assessment of— ‘‘(i) whether Iran directly supported, fi-
nanced, planned, or carried out an act of ter-rorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(ii) whether, and the extent to which, 
Iran supported acts of terrorism, including acts of terrorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(iii) all actions, including in inter-
national fora, being taken by the United States to stop, counter, and condemn acts by Iran to directly or indirectly carry out acts of terrorism against the United States and United States persons; 
‘‘(iv) the impact on the national security 
of the United States and the safety of United States citizens as a result of any Iranian ac-tions reported under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(v) all of the sanctions relief provided to 
Iran, pursuant to the agreement, and a de-scription of the relationship between each sanction waived, suspended, or deferred and Iran’s nuclear weapon’s program. 
‘‘(K) An assessment of whether violations 
of internationally recognized human rights in Iran have changed, increased, or de-creased, as compared to the prior 180-day pe-riod. 
‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS AND INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) A GENCY REPORTS .—Following submis-
sion of an agreement pursuant to subsection (a) to the appropriate congressional commit-tees and leadership, the Department of State, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Defense shall, upon the re-quest of any of those committees or leader-ship, promptly furnish to those committees or leadership their views as to whether the safeguards and other controls contained in the agreement with respect to Iran’s nuclear program provide an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s activities permitted there-under will not be inimical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security. 
‘‘(B) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ON NUCLEAR  
INITIATIVES WITH IRAN .—The President shall 
keep the appropriate congressional commit-tees and leadership fully and currently in-formed of any initiative or negotiations with Iran relating to Iran’s nuclear program, in-cluding any new or amended agreement. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE CERTIFICATION .—After the 
review period provided in subsection (b), the President shall, not less than every 90 cal-endar days— 
‘‘(A) determine whether the President is 
able to certify that— 
‘‘(i) Iran is transparently, verifiably, and 
fully implementing the agreement, including all related technical or additional agree-ments; 
‘‘(ii) Iran has not committed a material 
breach with respect to the agreement or, if Iran has committed a material breach, Iran has cured the material breach; 
‘‘(iii) Iran has not taken any action, in-
cluding covert action, that could signifi-cantly advance its nuclear weapons program; and 
‘‘(iv) suspension of sanctions related to 
Iran pursuant to the agreement is— ‘‘(I) appropriate and proportionate to the 
specific and verifiable measures taken by Iran with respect to terminating its illicit nuclear program; and 
‘‘(II) vital to the national security inter-
ests of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) if the President determines he is able 
to make the certification described in sub-paragraph (A), make such certification to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(7) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) United States sanctions on Iran for 
terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missiles will remain in place under an agree-ment, as defined in subsection (h)(1); 
‘‘(B) issues not addressed by an agreement 
on the nuclear program of Iran, including fair and appropriate compensation for Amer-icans who were terrorized and subjected to torture while held in captivity for 444 days after the seizure of the United States Em-bassy in Tehran, Iran, in 1979 and their fami-lies, the freedom of Americans held in Iran, the human rights abuses of the Government of Iran against its own people, and the con-tinued support of terrorism worldwide by the Government of Iran, are matters critical to ensure justice and the national security of the United States, and should be expedi-tiously addressed; 
‘‘(C) the President should determine the 
agreement in no way compromises the com-mitment of the United States to Israel’s se-curity, nor its support for Israel’s right to exist; and 
‘‘(D) in order to responsibly implement any 
long-term agreement reached between the P5+1 countries and Iran, it is critically im-portant that Congress have the opportunity to review any agreement and, as necessary, take action to modify the statutory sanc-tions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the event the Presi-
dent does not submit a certification pursu-ant to subsection (d)(6) or has determined pursuant to subsection (d)(3) that Iran has materially breached an agreement subject to subsection (a) and the material breach has not been cured, Congress may initiate within 60 calendar days expedited consideration of qualifying legislation pursuant to this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING LEGISLATION DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘quali-fying legislation’ means only a bill of either House of Congress— 
‘‘(A) the title of which is as follows: ‘A bill 
reinstating statutory sanctions imposed with respect to Iran.’; and 
‘‘(B) the matter after the enacting clause 
of which is: ‘Any statutory sanctions im-posed with respect to Iran pursuant to llllll that were waived, suspended, re-
duced, or otherwise relieved pursuant to an agreement submitted pursuant to section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 are hereby reinstated and any action by the United States Government to facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to such agreement, or provide any further waiv-er, suspension, reduction, or other relief pur-suant to such agreement is hereby prohib-ited.’, with the blank space being filled in with the law or laws under which sanctions are to be reinstated. 
‘‘(3) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 60-calendar 
day period provided for in paragraph (1), qualifying legislation may be introduced— 
‘‘(A) in the House of Representatives, by 
the majority leader or the minority leader; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.033 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2411 April 23, 2015 
‘‘(B) in the Senate, by the majority leader 
(or the majority leader’s designee) or the mi-nority leader (or the minority leader’s des-ignee). 
‘‘(4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If a com-
mittee of the House to which qualifying leg-islation has been referred has not reported such qualifying legislation within 10 legisla-tive days after the date of referral, that com-mittee shall be discharged from further con-sideration thereof. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Be-
ginning on the third legislative day after each committee to which qualifying legisla-tion has been referred reports it to the House or has been discharged from further consid-eration thereof, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the qualifying legisla-tion in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the qualifying leg-islation with regard to the same agreement. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption with-out intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—The qualifying legis-
lation shall be considered as read. All points of order against the qualifying legislation and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the qualifying legislation to final passage without intervening motion except two hours of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the sponsor of the qualifying legis-lation (or a designee) and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the qualifying legislation shall not be in order. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— 
‘‘(A) C OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—Qualifying 
legislation introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the 
Committee on Foreign Relations has not re-ported such qualifying legislation within 10 session days after the date of referral of such legislation, that committee shall be dis-charged from further consideration of such legislation and the qualifying legislation shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. 
‘‘(C) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not-
withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the committee authorized to con-
sider qualifying legislation reports it to the Senate or has been discharged from its con-sideration (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of qualifying legislation, and all points of order against qualifying legislation (and against consideration of the qualifying legislation) are waived. The motion to proceed is not de-batable. The motion is not subject to a mo-tion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the quali-fying legislation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the unfinished busi-ness until disposed of. 
‘‘(D) D
EBATE .—Debate on qualifying legis-
lation, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority leaders or their designees. A mo-tion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a mo-tion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the qualifying legislation 
is not in order. 
‘‘(E) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on pas-
sage shall occur immediately following the conclusion of the debate on the qualifying legislation and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in ac-cordance with the rules of the Senate. 
‘‘(F) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCE -
DURE .—Appeals from the decisions of the 
Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the pro-cedure relating to qualifying legislation shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(G) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .— 
Debate in the Senate of any veto message with respect to qualifying legislation, in-cluding all debatable motions and appeals in connection with such qualifying legislation, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally di-vided between, and controlled by, the major-ity leader and the minority leader or their designees. 
‘‘(6) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) C OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House 
of qualifying legislation of that House, that House receives qualifying legislation from the other House, then the following proce-dures shall apply: 
‘‘(i) The qualifying legislation of the other 
House shall not be referred to a committee. 
‘‘(ii) With respect to qualifying legislation 
of the House receiving the legislation— 
‘‘(I) the procedure in that House shall be 
the same as if no qualifying legislation had been received from the other House; but 
‘‘(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
qualifying legislation of the other House. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF A BILL OF OTHER  
HOUSE .—If one House fails to introduce quali-
fying legislation under this section, the qualifying legislation of the other House shall be entitled to expedited floor proce-dures under this section. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEAS -
URES .—If, following passage of the qualifying 
legislation in the Senate, the Senate then re-ceives a companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO REVENUE MEASURES .— 
The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in the House of Representatives to qualifying legislation which is a revenue measure. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—Subsection (e) is enacted by 
Congress— 
‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sec-tions, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and 
‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
‘‘(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
the section shall be construed as— 
‘‘(1) modifying, or having any other impact 
on, the President’s authority to negotiate, enter into, or implement appropriate execu-tive agreements, other than the restrictions on implementation of the agreements spe-cifically covered by this section; 
‘‘(2) allowing any new waiver, suspension, 
reduction, or other relief from statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any pro-vision of law, or allowing the President to refrain from applying any such sanctions 
pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a) during the period for review pro-vided in subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) revoking or terminating any statutory 
sanctions imposed on Iran; or 
‘‘(4) authorizing the use of military force 
against Iran. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A GREEMENT .—The term ‘agreement’ 
means an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commitment or other-wise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint com-prehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing materials, docu-ments, and guidance, technical or other un-derstandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or im-plemented in the future. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ means the Committee on Fi-nance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES AND LEADERSHIP .—The term ‘appro-
priate congressional committees and leader-ship’ means the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, and the Majority and Minority Lead-ers of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Finan-cial Services, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Speaker, Major-ity Leader, and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(4) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘Iranian financial institution’ has the meaning given the term in section 104A(d) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513b(d)). 
‘‘(5) J
OINT PLAN OF ACTION .—The term 
‘Joint Plan of Action’ means the Joint Plan of Action, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Plan of Ac-tion, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, the exten-sion agreed to on November 24, 2014, and any materially identical extension that is agreed to on or after the date of the enactment of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. 
‘‘(6) EU-
IRAN JOINT STATEMENT .—The term 
‘EU-Iran Joint Statement’ means only the Joint Statement by EU High Representative Federica Mogherini and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif made on April 2, 2015, at Lausanne, Switzerland. 
‘‘(7) M
ATERIAL BREACH .—The term ‘mate-
rial breach’ means, with respect to an agree-ment described in subsection (a), any breach 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.033 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2412 April 23, 2015 
of the agreement, or in the case of non-bind-
ing commitments, any failure to perform those commitments, that substantially— 
‘‘(A) benefits Iran’s nuclear program; ‘‘(B) decreases the amount of time required 
by Iran to achieve a nuclear weapon; or 
‘‘(C) deviates from or undermines the pur-
poses of such agreement. 
‘‘(8) N
ONCOMPLIANCE DEFINED .—The term 
‘noncompliance’ means any departure from the terms of an agreement described in sub-section (a) that is not a material breach. 
‘‘(9) P5+
1 COUNTRIES .—The term ‘P5+1 coun-
tries’ means the United States, France, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and Germany. 
‘‘(10) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8511).’’. 
SA 1141. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. 
KIRK, and Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 15, strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and in-
sert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the President determines Iran’s lead-
ers have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
SA 1142. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 19, line 7, insert ‘‘, and pursuing 
United Nations consideration of an agree-ment prior to Congress would undermine the appropriate role of Congress’’ after ‘‘Con-gress’’. 
SA 1143. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, line 11, insert ‘‘and any related 
agreements, including draft United Nations Security Council resolutions or agreed pa-rameters for such resolutions’’ after ‘‘par-ties’’. 
SA 1144. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 7, line 10, strike ‘‘any 
such sanctions’’ and all that follows through ‘‘under’’ on page 11, line 7, and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘any such sanctions or facilitate the 
release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING PRESI -
DENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of dis-approval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statu-tory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions or facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 12 calendar days following the date of passage of the joint resolution of dis-approval. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING CON -
GRESSIONAL RECONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RES -
OLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, except as pro-vided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of disapproval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, and the President ve-toes such joint resolution, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions or facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 10 calendar days following the date of the President’s veto. 
‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions under 
paragraphs (3) through (5) do not apply to any new deferral, waiver, or other suspension of statutory sanctions pursuant to the Joint Plan of Action if that deferral, waiver, or other suspension is made— 
‘‘(A) consistent with the law in effect on 
the date of the enactment of the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 45 calendar days before 
the transmission by the President of an agreement, assessment report, and certifi-cation under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTION  
WITH RESPECT TO NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS  
WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) the sanctions regime imposed on Iran 
by Congress is primarily responsible for bringing Iran to the table to negotiate on its nuclear program; 
‘‘(B) these negotiations are a critically im-
portant matter of national security and for-eign policy for the United States and its closest allies; 
‘‘(C) this section does not require a vote by 
Congress for the agreement to commence; 
‘‘(D) this section provides for congressional 
review, including, as appropriate, for ap-proval, disapproval, or no action on statu-tory sanctions relief under an agreement; and 
‘‘(E) even though the agreement may com-
mence, because the sanctions regime was im-posed by Congress and only Congress can permanently modify or eliminate that re-gime, it is critically important that Con-gress have the opportunity, in an orderly and deliberative manner, to consider and, as ap-propriate, take action affecting the statu-tory sanctions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the 
United States pursuant to an agreement sub-ject to subsection (a) or the Joint Plan of Action— 
‘‘(A) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, during the period for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does favor the agreement; 
‘‘(B) may not be taken if, during the period 
for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Con-gress does not favor the agreement; or 
‘‘(C) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, following the period for review provided in subsection (b), there is not enacted any such joint resolution. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the phrase ‘‘action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States’’ shall include waiver, suspen-sion, reduction, or other effort to provide re-lief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to, Iran or to facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran under 
SA 1145. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mr. K IRK) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 15, strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and in-
sert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) all United States citizens unjustly 
detained by Iran, including Jason Rezaian, Amir Hekmati, and Saeed Abedini, have been released from Iranian custody, and the Gov-ernment of Iran is fully cooperating in ef-forts to locate Robert Levinson. 
SA 1146. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 3, line 15, strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and in-
sert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the President determines that no 
sanctions relief provided under the agree-ment will be provided from sanctions im-posed by Congress or the Executive Branch due to Iran’s support for terrorism, its bal-listic missile programs, or its human rights abuses against the people of Iran or will un-dermine the effectiveness of such sanc-tions.’’. 
SA 1147. Mr. BARRASSO (for him-
self, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. 
SULLIVAN , and Mr. L EE) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.033 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2413 April 23, 2015 
Protection and Affordable Care Act; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 17, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(v) Iran has not directly supported or car-
ried out an act of terrorism against the United States or a United States person any-where in the world; and 
SA 1148. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON PROVIDING SANCTIONS 
RELIEF. 
The President, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the Secretary of State, and any other Executive branch officer or agency may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statu-tory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agree-ment described under section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as added by sec-tion 2 of this Act, until the President cer-tifies to Congress that the Government of Iran has fully and verifiably— 
(1) reduced by approximately two-thirds its 
installed centrifuges, with the remaining 6,104 centrifuges being IR-1s, Iran’s first-gen-eration centrifuge; 
(2) halted any uranium enrichment over 
3.67 percent and agreed to continue to do so for at least 15 years; 
(3) reduced its stockpile of low-enriched 
uranium to 300 kilograms of 3.67 percent low- enriched uranium (LEU); 
(4) placed all excess centrifuges and enrich-
ment infrastructure in International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) monitored storage to be used only as replacements for operating centrifuges and equipment; 
(5) agreed to not build any new facilities 
for the purpose of enriching uranium for 15 years; 
(6) halted enrichment of uranium at the 
Fordow facility and agreed to continue this moratorium for 15 years; 
(7) converted the Fordow facility into a nu-
clear, physics, technology, and research cen-ter for peaceful purposes only; 
(8) halted research and development associ-
ated with uranium enrichment at Fordow and agreed to continue this moratorium for 15 years; 
(9) removed almost two-thirds of Fordow’s 
centrifuges and infrastructure, ensured that the remaining centrifuges are not enriching uranium, and placed all centrifuges and re-lated infrastructure under IAEA monitoring; 
(10) removed advanced centrifuges at 
Natanz, and is only enriching uranium using IR-1 models and has agreed to continue this arrangement for 10 years; 
(11) removed the 1,000 IR-2M centrifuges 
currently installed at Natanz and placed them in IAEA-monitored storage and agreed to keep them there for 10 years; 
(12) halted use of its IR-2, IR-4, IR-5, IR-6, 
or IR-8 models to produce enriched uranium and committed to continue this for at least ten years. 
(13) begun to abide by the schedule and pa-
rameters for limited centrifuge research and development agreed to by the P5+1 coun-tries; (14) provided regular access to all of Iran’s 
nuclear facilities, including to Iran’s enrich-ment facility at Natanz and its former en-richment facility at Fordow, and is allowing the use of the most up-to-date, modern moni-toring technologies; 
(15) provided inspectors with access to the 
supply chain that supports Iran’s nuclear program; 
(16) provided access to uranium mines and 
continuous surveillance at uranium mills, where Iran produces yellowcake, and has committed to continue to do so for 25 years; 
(17) provided inspectors with access to 
allow continuous surveillance of Iran’s cen-trifuge rotors and bellows production and storage facilities, and has committed to con-tinue to do so for 20 years; 
(18) placed all centrifuges and enrichment 
infrastructure removed from Fordow and Natanz under continuous monitoring by the IAEA; 
(19) begun to use only the dedicated pro-
curement channel for Iran’s nuclear program to monitor and approve, on a case by case basis, the supply, sale, or transfer to Iran of certain nuclear-related and dual use mate-rials and technology; 
(20) implemented the Additional Protocol 
of the IAEA and committed to adhere to the Additional Protocol permanently; 
(21) committed to grant access to the IAEA 
to investigate any suspicious sites or allega-tions of a covert enrichment facility, conver-sion facility, centrifuge production facility, or yellowcake production facility anywhere in the country, including at military sites; 
(22) implemented Modified Code 3.1 requir-
ing early notification of construction of new facilities; 
(23) redesigned and rebuilt the heavy water 
research reactor in Arak based on a design agreed to by the P5+1 countries and ensured that the reactor will not produce weapons grade plutonium; 
(24) destroyed or removed from the country 
the original core of the Arak reactor; 
(25) committed to ship all spent fuel from 
the Arak reactor out of the country; 
(26) halted any reprocessing or reprocess-
ing research and development on spent nu-clear fuel; 
(27) committed to not accumulate heavy 
water in excess of the needs of the modified Arak reactor, and to sell any remaining heavy water on the international market for 15 years; and 
(28) halted building of any additional heavy 
water reactors and committed to continue this moratorium for 15 years. 
SA 1149. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself 
and Mr. R ISCH) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONGRESSIONAL-EXECUTIVE AGREE-
MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any agreement with Iran 
relating to the nuclear program of Iran is a congressional-executive agreement to be considered under expedited procedure in both houses of Congress. 
(b) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF JOINT 
RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the event the President 
transmits to the appropriate congressional committees an agreement with Iran relating 
to the nuclear program of Iran, Congress may initiate within 60 days expedited consid-eration of a joint resolution of approval pur-suant to this paragraph. 
(2) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘‘joint resolution of approval’’ means only a joint resolution introduced after the date on which the President transmits to the appropriate congressional committees an agreement described in paragraph (1) the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress approves the agreement submitted to Congress related to the nuclear program of Iran on lllll .’’, with the blank space being filled 
with the appropriate date. 
(3) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 60-day pe-
riod provided for in paragraph (1), a joint res-olution of approval may be introduced— 
(A) in the House of Representatives, by any 
member of the House of Representatives; and 
(B) in the Senate, by any member of the 
Senate. 
(4) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—A joint resolu-
tion of approval introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations and in the House of Rep-resentatives to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
(5) D
ISCHARGE .—If the committee of either 
House to which a joint resolution of approval has been referred has not reported such reso-lution within 10 session days after the date of referral of such resolution, that com-mittee shall be discharged from further con-sideration of such resolution and the joint resolution of approval shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. 
(6) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— 
(A) P ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—After 
each committee authorized to consider a joint resolution of approval reports it to the House of Representatives or has been dis-charged from its consideration, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the joint resolution of approval in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the joint resolution of approval. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption with-out intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. 
(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—The joint resolution 
of approval shall be considered as read. All 
points of order against the joint resolution of approval and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the joint resolution of approval to its passage without intervening motion except 2 hours of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the joint resolution of approval shall not be in order. No amendment to, or motion to recommit, a joint resolution of ap-proval shall be in order. 
(C) A
PPEALS .—All appeals from the Chair 
relating to the application of the Rules of the House of Representatives to the proce-dure relating to the joint resolution of ap-proval shall be decided without debate. 
(7) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding Rule 
XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the committee authorized to consider a joint resolution of approval reports it to the Senate or has been discharged from its consideration (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.035 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2414 April 23, 2015 
approval, and all points of order against the 
joint resolution of approval (and against con-sideration of the joint resolution of ap-proval) are waived. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. A motion to recon-sider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution of approval is agreed to, the joint resolution of approval shall remain the unfinished business until disposed of. 
(B) D
EBATE .—Debate on a joint resolution 
of approval, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the major-ity and minority leaders or their designees. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution of approval is not in order. 
(C) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on passage 
shall occur immediately following the con-clusion of the debate on the joint resolution of approval and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in ac-cordance with the rules of the Senate. 
(D) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCEDURE .— 
Appeals from the decisions of the Chair re-lating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to a joint resolution of approval shall be decided without debate. 
(E) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .—De-
bate in the Senate of any veto message with respect to a joint resolution of approval, in-cluding all debatable motions and appeals in connection with such joint resolution of ap-proval, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the majority leader and the minority leader or their designees. 
(8) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
(A) C OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House 
of a joint resolution of approval of that House, that House receives a joint resolution of approval from the other House, then the following procedures shall apply: 
(i) The joint resolution of approval of the 
other House shall not be referred to a com-mittee. 
(ii) With respect to a joint resolution of ap-
proval in of the House receiving the resolu-tion— 
(I) the procedure in that House shall be the 
same as if no joint resolution of approval had been received from the other House; but 
(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
joint resolution of approval of the other House. 
(B) T
REATMENT OF JOINT RESOLUTION OF  
OTHER HOUSE .—If one House fails to intro-
duce or consider a joint resolution of ap-proval under this paragraph, the joint reso-lution of approval of the other House shall be entitled to expedited floor procedures under this paragraph. 
(C) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEASURES .— 
If, following passage of the joint resolution of approval in the Senate, the Senate then receives a companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
(c) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—subsection (b) is enacted by 
Congress— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sec-tions, and supersede other rules only to the 
extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
SEC. 2. LIMITATION ON SANCTIONS RELIEF. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions imposed under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, com-mits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States com-mits or otherwise agrees to take action, re-gardless of the form it takes, whether a po-litical commitment or otherwise, and re-gardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint comprehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, imple-menting materials, documents, and guid-ance, technical or other understandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or implemented in the future, unless a joint resolution of approval is passed by Congress under section 1(b). 
SA 1150. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, 
Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volun-teers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. TREATY SUBJECT TO ADVICE AND 
CONSENT OF THE SENATE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any agreement reached by the President with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran is deemed to be a treaty that is subject to the requirements of article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States requiring that the treaty is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate, with two-thirds of Senators concurring. 
SEC. 2. LIMITATION ON SANCTIONS RELIEF. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanctions under any other provision of law or refrain from apply-ing any such sanctions pursuant to an agree-ment related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or other-wise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commit-ment or otherwise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint comprehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codi-cils, side agreements, implementing mate-rials, documents, and guidance, technical or other understandings, and any related agree-ments, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into 
or implemented in the future, subject to the advice and consent of the Senate as a treaty, receives the concurrence of two thirds of the Senators. 
SA 1151. Mr. GARDNER (for himself 
and Mr. C OTTON ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
On page 17, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(v) the Government of Iran and the Gov-
ernment of North Korea are not sharing or transferring any information or technology related to ballistic missile development or nuclear weapons capability; and 
SA 1152. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and 
Mr. T OOMEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 6, strike line 6 and all 
that follows through page 27, line 21, and in-sert the following: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW BY CONGRESS OF NUCLEAR  
AGREEMENTS WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—After the President 
transmits an agreement pursuant to sub-section (a), the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives shall, as appropriate, hold hearings and briefings and otherwise obtain information in order to fully review such agreement. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (3) and subsection (c), the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanc-tions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition under 
paragraph (2) does not apply to any deferral, waiver, or other suspension of statutory sanctions pursuant to the Joint Plan of Ac-tion if that deferral, waiver, or other suspen-sion is made— 
‘‘(A) consistent with the law in effect on 
the date of the enactment of the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 45 days before the 
transmission by the President of an agree-ment, assessment report, and certification under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTION  
WITH RESPECT TO NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS  
WITHIRAN.—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to an agreement subject to subsection (a) or the Joint Plan of Action may be taken, consistent with existing stat-utory requirements for such action, only if the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does favor the agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.035 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2415 April 23, 2015 
‘‘(d) C ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF IRANIAN  
COMPLIANCE WITHNUCLEAR AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall keep 
the appropriate congressional committees and leadership fully and currently informed of all aspects of Iranian compliance with re-spect to an agreement subject to subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIALLY SIGNIFICANT BREACHES  
AND COMPLIANCE INCIDENTS .—The President 
shall, within 10 calendar days of receiving credible and accurate information relating to a potentially significant breach or compli-ance incident by Iran with respect to an 
agreement subject to subsection (a), submit such information to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(3) M
ATERIAL BREACH REPORT .—Not later 
than 30 calendar days after submitting infor-mation about a potentially significant breach or compliance incident pursuant to paragraph (2), the President shall make a de-termination whether such potentially sig-nificant breach or compliance issue con-stitutes a material breach and, if there is such a material breach, whether Iran has cured such material breach, and shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership such determination, accom-panied by, as appropriate, a report on the ac-tion or failure to act by Iran that led to the material breach, actions necessary for Iran to cure the breach, and the status of Iran’s efforts to cure the breach. 
‘‘(4) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 
180 calendar days after entering into an agreement described in subsection (a), and not less frequently than once every 180 cal-endar days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on Iran’s nuclear program and the compliance of Iran with the agreement during the period cov-ered by the report, including the following elements: 
‘‘(A) Any action or failure to act by Iran 
that breached the agreement or is in non-compliance with the terms of the agreement. 
‘‘(B) Any delay by Iran of more than one 
week in providing inspectors access to facili-ties, people, and documents in Iran as re-quired by the agreement. 
‘‘(C) Any progress made by Iran to resolve 
concerns by the International Atomic En-ergy Agency about possible military dimen-sions of Iran’s nuclear program. 
‘‘(D) Any procurement by Iran of materials 
in violation of the agreement or which could otherwise significantly advance Iran’s abil-ity to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
‘‘(E) Any centrifuge research and develop-
ment conducted by Iran that— 
‘‘(i) is not in compliance with the agree-
ment; or 
‘‘(ii) may substantially enhance the break-
out time of acquisition of a nuclear weapon by Iran, if deployed. 
‘‘(F) Any diversion by Iran of uranium, 
carbon-fiber, or other materials for use in Iran’s nuclear program in violation of the agreement. 
‘‘(G) Any covert nuclear activities under-
taken by Iran, including any covert nuclear weapons-related or covert fissile material ac-tivities or research and development. 
‘‘(H) An assessment of whether any Iranian 
financial institutions are engaged in money laundering or terrorist finance activities, in-cluding names of specific financial institu-tions if applicable. 
‘‘(I) Iran’s advances in its ballistic missile 
program, including developments related to its long-range and inter-continental ballistic missile programs. 
‘‘(J) An assessment of— ‘‘(i) whether Iran directly supported, fi-
nanced, planned, or carried out an act of ter-rorism against the United States or a United 
States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(ii) whether, and the extent to which, 
Iran supported acts of terrorism, including acts of terrorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(iii) all actions, including in inter-
national fora, being taken by the United States to stop, counter, and condemn acts by Iran to directly or indirectly carry out acts of terrorism against the United States and United States persons; 
‘‘(iv) the impact on the national security 
of the United States and the safety of United States citizens as a result of any Iranian ac-tions reported under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(v) all of the sanctions relief provided to 
Iran, pursuant to the agreement, and a de-scription of the relationship between each sanction waived, suspended, or deferred and 
Iran’s nuclear weapon’s program. 
‘‘(K) An assessment of whether violations 
of internationally recognized human rights in Iran have changed, increased, or de-creased, as compared to the prior 180-day pe-riod. 
‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS AND INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) A GENCY REPORTS .—Following submis-
sion of an agreement pursuant to subsection (a) to the appropriate congressional commit-tees and leadership, the Department of State, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Defense shall, upon the re-quest of any of those committees or leader-ship, promptly furnish to those committees or leadership their views as to whether the safeguards and other controls contained in the agreement with respect to Iran’s nuclear program provide an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s activities permitted there-under will not be inimical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security. 
‘‘(B) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ON NUCLEAR  
INITIATIVES WITH IRAN .—The President shall 
keep the appropriate congressional commit-tees and leadership fully and currently in-formed of any initiative or negotiations with Iran relating to Iran’s nuclear program, in-cluding any new or amended agreement. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE CERTIFICATION .—After the 
President transmits an agreement pursuant to subsection (a), the President shall, not less than every 90 calendar days— 
‘‘(A) determine whether the President is 
able to certify that— 
‘‘(i) Iran is transparently, verifiably, and 
fully implementing the agreement, including all related technical or additional agree-ments; 
‘‘(ii) Iran has not committed a material 
breach with respect to the agreement or, if Iran has committed a material breach, Iran has cured the material breach; 
‘‘(iii) Iran has not taken any action, in-
cluding covert action, that could signifi-cantly advance its nuclear weapons program; and 
‘‘(iv) suspension of sanctions related to 
Iran pursuant to the agreement is— 
‘‘(I) appropriate and proportionate to the 
specific and verifiable measures taken by Iran with respect to terminating its illicit nuclear program; and 
‘‘(II) vital to the national security inter-
ests of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) if the President determines he is able 
to make the certification described in sub-paragraph (A), make such certification to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(7) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) United States sanctions on Iran for 
terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missiles will remain in place under an agree-
ment, as defined in subsection (h)(1); 
‘‘(B) issues not addressed by an agreement 
on the nuclear program of Iran, including fair and appropriate compensation for Amer-icans who were terrorized and subjected to torture while held in captivity for 444 days after the seizure of the United States Em-bassy in Tehran, Iran, in 1979 and their fami-lies, the freedom of Americans held in Iran, the human rights abuses of the Government of Iran against its own people, and the con-tinued support of terrorism worldwide by the Government of Iran, are matters critical to ensure justice and the national security of the United States, and should be expedi-tiously addressed; 
‘‘(C) the President should determine the 
agreement in no way compromises the com-mitment of the United States to Israel’s se-curity, nor its support for Israel’s right to exist; and 
‘‘(D) in order to responsibly implement any 
long-term agreement reached between the P5+1 countries and Iran, it is critically im-portant that Congress have the opportunity to review any agreement and, as necessary, take action to modify the statutory sanc-tions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the event the Presi-
dent does not submit a certification pursu-ant to subsection (d)(6) or has determined pursuant to subsection (d)(3) that Iran has materially breached an agreement subject to subsection (a) and the material breach has not been cured, Congress may initiate within 60 calendar days expedited consideration of qualifying legislation pursuant to this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING LEGISLATION DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘quali-fying legislation’’ means only a bill of either House of Congress— 
‘‘(A) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘A bill 
reinstating statutory sanctions imposed with respect to Iran.’’; and 
‘‘(B) the matter after the enacting clause 
of which is: ‘‘Any statutory sanctions im-posed with respect to Iran pursuant to llllll that were waived, suspended, re-
duced, or otherwise relieved pursuant to an agreement submitted pursuant to section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 are hereby reinstated and any action by the United States Government to facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to such agreement, or provide any further waiv-er, suspension, reduction, or other relief pur-suant to such agreement is hereby prohib-ited.’’, with the blank space being filled in with the law or laws under which sanctions are to be reinstated. 
‘‘(3) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 60-calendar 
day period provided for in paragraph (1), qualifying legislation may be introduced— 
‘‘(A) in the House of Representatives, by 
the majority leader or the minority leader; and 
‘‘(B) in the Senate, by the majority leader 
(or the majority leader’s designee) or the mi-nority leader (or the minority leader’s des-ignee). 
‘‘(4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If a com-
mittee of the House to which qualifying leg-islation has been referred has not reported such qualifying legislation within 10 legisla-tive days after the date of referral, that com-mittee shall be discharged from further con-sideration thereof. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Be-
ginning on the third legislative day after each committee to which qualifying legisla-tion has been referred reports it to the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.036 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2416 April 23, 2015 
or has been discharged from further consid-
eration thereof, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the qualifying legisla-tion in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the qualifying leg-islation with regard to the same agreement. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption with-out intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—The qualifying legis-
lation shall be considered as read. All points of order against the qualifying legislation and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the qualifying legislation to final passage without intervening motion except two hours of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the sponsor of the qualifying legis-lation (or a designee) and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the qualifying legislation shall not be in order. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— 
‘‘(A) C OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—Qualifying 
legislation introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the 
Committee on Foreign Relations has not re-ported such qualifying legislation within 10 session days after the date of referral of such legislation, that committee shall be dis-charged from further consideration of such legislation and the qualifying legislation shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. 
‘‘(C) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not-
withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the committee authorized to con-sider qualifying legislation reports it to the Senate or has been discharged from its con-sideration (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of qualifying legislation, and all points of order against qualifying legislation (and against consideration of the qualifying legislation) are waived. The motion to proceed is not de-batable. The motion is not subject to a mo-tion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the quali-fying legislation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the unfinished busi-ness until disposed of. 
‘‘(D) D
EBATE .—Debate on qualifying legis-
lation, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority leaders or their designees. A mo-tion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a mo-tion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the qualifying legislation is not in order. 
‘‘(E) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on pas-
sage shall occur immediately following the conclusion of the debate on the qualifying legislation and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in ac-cordance with the rules of the Senate. 
‘‘(F) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCE -
DURE .—Appeals from the decisions of the 
Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the pro-cedure relating to qualifying legislation shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(G) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .— 
Debate in the Senate of any veto message with respect to qualifying legislation, in-cluding all debatable motions and appeals in 
connection with such qualifying legislation, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally di-vided between, and controlled by, the major-ity leader and the minority leader or their designees. 
‘‘(6) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) C OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House 
of qualifying legislation of that House, that House receives qualifying legislation from the other House, then the following proce-dures shall apply: 
‘‘(i) The qualifying legislation of the other 
House shall not be referred to a committee. 
‘‘(ii) With respect to qualifying legislation 
of the House receiving the legislation— 
‘‘(I) the procedure in that House shall be 
the same as if no qualifying legislation had been received from the other House; but 
‘‘(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
qualifying legislation of the other House. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF A BILL OF OTHER  
HOUSE .—If one House fails to introduce quali-
fying legislation under this section, the qualifying legislation of the other House shall be entitled to expedited floor proce-dures under this section. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEAS -
URES .—If, following passage of the qualifying 
legislation in the Senate, the Senate then re-ceives a companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO REVENUE MEASURES .— 
The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in the House of Representatives to qualifying legislation which is a revenue measure. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—Subsection (e) is enacted by 
Congress— 
‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sec-tions, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and 
‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
‘‘(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
the section shall be construed as— 
‘‘(1) modifying, or having any other impact 
on, the President’s authority to negotiate, enter into, or implement appropriate execu-tive agreements, other than the restrictions on implementation of the agreements spe-cifically covered by this section; 
‘‘(2) allowing any new waiver, suspension, 
reduction, or other relief from statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any pro-vision of law, or allowing the President to refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a); 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Surface Transpor-tation Reauthorization: Building on the Successes of MAP–21 To Deliver Safe, Efficient and Effective Public Transportation Services and Projects.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 9:45 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘FAA Reauthorization: Air-port Issues and Infrastructure Financ-ing.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room 428A of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AFRICA AND GLOBAL HEALTH  
POLICY  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Africa and Global Health Policy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.036 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2417 April 23, 2015 
2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Africa Growth and Op-portunity Act (AGOA).’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON HEALTH CARE  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Health Care of the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘A Fresh Look at the Impact of the Medical Device Tax on Jobs, Innova-tion, and Patients.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL  
INTEREST  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 23, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD– 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Eroding the Law and Diverting Tax-payer Resources: An Examination of the Administration’s Central American Minors Refugee/Parole Program.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Destiny Whitehead, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the session today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that on Mon-day, April 27, at 5 p.m., the Senate pro-ceed to executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 75; that there be 30 minutes for debate equally di-vided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Sen-ate proceed to vote without inter-vening action or debate on the nomina-tion, and that following disposition of the nomination, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motion be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. 
Con. Res. 21, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 21) 
authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 21) was agreed to. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 25, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 25) 
authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 25) was agreed to. 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF 
EMANCIPATION HALL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration be discharged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 3 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the concurrent 
resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 3) au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (S. Con. 
Res. 3) was agreed to. 
(The concurrent resolution is printed 
in the R
ECORD of February 5, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 149, Hubble Space Tele-scope; S. Res. 150, Civic and Govern-ment Education; and S. Res. 151, Na-tional Safe Digging Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 27, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, April 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 1191 for debate only. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
APRIL 27, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:48 p.m., adjourned until Monday, April 27, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate April 23, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
LORETTA E. LYNCH, OF NEW YORK, TO BE ATTORNEY 
GENERAL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23AP6.038 S23APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E563 April 23, 2015 
ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANS-
FORMATION: TIER RANKINGS IN THE FIGHT AGAINST HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
recently held a hearing on the importance of accountability in the annual Trafficking in Per-sons Report—the State Department’s biggest opportunity of the year to prod countries to fight human trafficking with greater effect, greater efficiency and greater effort. 
There are some twenty plus million people 
around the globe who live in sex or labor slav-ery today. 
When one hears such a figure—over twenty 
million people—one’s eyes begin to glaze over, as a number of such magnitude be-comes an abstraction. There is a cynical say-ing, attributed to Soviet dictator Josef Stalin, that ‘‘the death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.’’ Stalin knew that many would shrug their shoulders and avert their gaze. 
But we must never allow such cynicism to 
obscure the fact that each of those twenty mil-lion persons is a human being with inherent, God-given dignity. Each one is a child that suffers from beatings and abuse, a woman raped, a man who labors in the field as a slave—all for the commercial gain of others. 
The annual Trafficking in Persons Report, 
required by the landmark Trafficking Victims Protection Action of 2000 (TVPA)—legislation which I authored—ensures that countries mak-ing anti-trafficking efforts a priority are praised and supported, while countries that ignore the cries of the enslaved are justly shamed, and considered for sanctions. 
The success of the TIP Report and rankings 
is beyond anything we could have hoped for. From presidential suites and the halls of par-liaments, to police stations in remote corners of the world, this report focuses anti-trafficking work in 187 countries on the pivotal principles of prevention of trafficking, prosecution of the traffickers, and protection of the victims. 
Each year the trafficking office at the De-
partment of State evaluates whether a govern-ment of a country is fully compliant with the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking or, if not, whether the gov-ernment is making significant efforts to do so. The record is laid bare for the world to see and summarized in a tier rankings narrative. Tier 1 countries fully meet the minimum stand-ards. Tier 2 countries do not meet the min-imum standards, but are making significant ef-forts to do so. Tier 3 countries do not meet the standards and are not making significant ef-forts to do so—and, indeed, may be subject to sanctions. 
Over the last 14 years, more than 100 coun-
tries have enacted anti-trafficking laws, and many countries have taken other steps re-quired to significantly raise their tier rankings. 
Some countries openly credit the TIP Report for their increased and effective anti-trafficking response and look to us for examples of how to do even better. Last year, for example, I was invited by the speaker of Peru’s unicam-eral congress to address legislators on how to protect victims of trafficking, meeting also with prosecutors, members of a multi-agency task force, victims and those who provide for vic-tims. 
The Tier 2 Watch List was created in the 
2003 TVPA reauthorization and I also au-thored to encourage good-faith anti-trafficking progress in a country that may have taken positive anti-trafficking steps late in the eval-uation year. Unfortunately, some countries made a habit of last-minute efforts and failed to follow through year-after-year, effectively gaming the system. 
To protect the integrity of the tier system 
and ensure it works properly to inspire progress, Congress in 2008 created an auto-matic downgrade for any country that had been on a Tier 2 Watch List for 2 years but had not taken significant effort enough to move up a tier. 
The President can waive the automatic 
downgrade for an additional 2 years if he has certified ’’credible evidence’’ that the country has a written and sufficiently resourced plan that, if implemented, would constitute signifi-cant efforts to meet the minimum standards. 
In 2013, the first test of the new system, 
China, Russia, and Uzbekistan ran out of waivers and moved to Tier 3, which accurately reflected their records. 
In the 2014 reporting cycle, only Thailand 
and Malaysia were auto-downgraded, out of six countries. Russia and Uzbekistan retained their Tier 3 downgrades from the previous year—but China was upgraded from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List. 
I am very concerned that China fooled the 
State Department, which seemed to believe that China was abolishing its re-education through labor camps rather than simply re-naming the camps and continuing the practice. The Congressional-Executive Commission on China reported that in 2013, Chinese authori-ties increasingly used ‘‘other forms of arbitrary and administrative detention such as Legal Education Centers, Custody and Education Centers, ‘black jails,’ and compulsory drug de-toxification centers.’’ 
Moreover, the Commission reported that in 
November 2014, the Deputy Director of Chi-na’s Ministry of Justice said at a press con-ference that the ‘‘vast majority’’ of China’s [re-education through labor] facilities have been converted to compulsory drug detox centers. The China Commission believes that these compulsory drug detox centers force detain-ees to do labor, as do the Custody and Edu-cation Centers. 
If true—and I believe it is—then the Chinese 
government is directly involved in human traf-ficking and profiting from it. 
The Chinese Government also continues, 
through its one-child birth limitation policy, to decimate the female population, creating a 
vacuum for sex and bride trafficking in China as males confronted with a sentence of life-time bachelorhood seek to obtain a mate. 
And despite a much-ballyhooed November 
2013 government announcement of a relax-ation of the one-child policy that affects only a small subset of the population, this fig leaf will not do enough to correct the gender imbal-ance in China. 
Last summer, a local official at the Mid-Year 
Family Planning Work Meeting in Chongqing municipality noted that ‘‘the intensity of family planning work has not diminished.’’ And the evidence of coercive enforcement continues to emerge. 
The U.N. Committee on Economic, Social 
and Cultural Rights, following its May 2014 re-view of China, noted that it was ‘‘seriously concerned about reported instances of the use of coercive measures, including forced abor-tion and forced sterilization, with a view to lim-iting births.’’ 
This is unacceptable. Approximately 40 million women and girls 
are missing from the population—and China’s birth limitation policy continues to increase that number—making China a regional magnet for sex and bride trafficking of women from neigh-boring countries such as Burma, Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos, and North Korea. 
Indeed, an estimated 90 percent of North 
Korean women seeking asylum in China are trafficked as brides. And yet China does not take responsibility for the government-made disaster and provide these women with aid. Rather, China denies these women refugee status and sends them back to punishment in North Korea—punishments that far too often include execution. 
Yet we gave China a pass, turning our 
backs on these suffering women. 
But Asia is not the only place where there 
are victims of trafficking. The hearing also looked at three African countries that must be automatically downgraded unless they signifi-cantly improved efforts to fight human traf-ficking in 2014: Burundi, Comoros, and An-gola. 
The shared tragedy of these countries is 
that it is their children who are being traf-ficked. Chinese nationals in Angola exploit the Angolan children in construction, rice farming, and brick making. 
In Comoros, poor families place their chil-
dren with wealthy relatives, who then exploit them in domestic servitude. 
Similarly, in Burundi, family members some-
times profit from the prostitution of children with tourists or, according to the State Depart-ment, ‘‘teachers, police officers, and gen-darme, military and prison officials.’’ 
In 2013, as automatic downgrade loomed, 
the President of Comoros finally admitted his country had a trafficking issue and the Na-tional Assembly changed the penal code. An-gola and Burundi have also amended their penal codes while on the Watch List. 
Aggressive implementation of these anti- 
trafficking laws would keep them off Tier 3, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.001 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E564 April 23, 2015 
well as protect children from trafficking. I ear-
nestly hope implementation has been a pri-ority. 
The Southeast Asia region continues to 
struggle with particularly acute and entrenched human trafficking. Thailand and Malaysia were downgraded to Tier 3 last year. Burma must receive a presidential waiver this year to avoid Tier 3. 
One of the key drivers of intense human 
trafficking in the region is the vulnerability and desperation of the Muslim minority Rohingya people. Squalid living conditions in displace-ment camps, discrimination, child limitation, and violence are pushing the Rohingya out of Buddhist-dominated Burma into the hands of human traffickers who claim to have jobs for them in Muslim-majority Malaysia. 
However, according to reports by Reuters 
last year, many Rohingya never make it to Malaysia, and instead end up in tropical gulags in the jungles of Thailand, where they are held for ransom. Many die from abuse and disease. Those who cannot pay the ransom are sold into sex slavery or forced labor, often in the fishing industry. 
Thai General Prayuth Chan-ocha has vowed 
to crack down on any Thai authorities involved and to bring an end to the practice. While we have seen an impressive number and variety of anti-trafficking efforts in Thailand during the last year—including a new law in March that heightened penalties to life imprisonment for traffickers—prosecutions have significantly di-minished in the last year. Prosecutions regard-ing trafficking of Rohingya migrants seem par-ticularly low. 
Nevertheless, over the last year, Thailand 
has taken concrete steps to register nearly 100,000 migrants, amend laws related to the fishing sector, raise the minimum age for labor at sea to 18 years old, set mandatory rest pe-riods and employment contract requirements, and inspect hundreds of boats. And we also need to look at ourselves, and ask too wheth-er we are complicit in abetting trafficking, per-haps unwittingly. 
Last month, for example, the Associated 
Press documented Thai boats picking up sea-food in Indonesia caught by Burmese slaves who, when not at sea, are kept in cages on remote Indonesian islands. The seafood was taken back to Thai ports and processed by the company that owns Chicken of the Sea. Much of the tainted seafood may have entered the supply chain to reach the shelves of American grocery stores and, through vendors such as Sysco, have landed on the plates of our serv-ice men and women. 
There are nevertheless success stories, and 
Thailand has been a stalwart partner with the United States in fighting the sex tourism that drives sex trafficking. The Philippines also has worked with us in fighting sex tourists and helping the victims of trafficking—indeed, one of the witnesses we will hear from is a priest whose faith-based organization has helped thousands heal from the horrors of human trafficking. 
Finally, a word to those who think that our 
TIP report embarrasses allies and undercuts our efforts to cultivate friendly ties around the globe. 
I will never forget two of our closest allies, 
Israel and South Korea, at one point were both on Tier 3, the worst rank. I remember meeting with their Ambassadors who had files demonstrating to all of us and anyone who would listen the measures they were taking to 
mitigate this terrible crime. And both of those countries got off Tier 3 when they backed words with substantive action. 
Rather than alienating them, the exercise 
underscored that friends watch out for each other, and that we must call upon our friends to live up to the high ideals they profess. Ulti-mately, countries that do live up to their ideals show they value and treasure their citizens— their greatest resource—and in the long run will benefit the most. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
due to an event with the President in my home state, I was unable to vote during Roll Call 154, the motion on ordering the previous question for the rule H. Res. 200, as well as Roll Call 155, passage of H. Res. 200. 
I was also unable to vote on Roll Call 156, 
final passage of H.R. 1562, the Contracting and Tax Accountability Act, as well as Roll Call 157, final passage of H.R. 1563, the Fed-eral Employee Tax Accountability Act. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
against the motion ordering the previous ques-tion on the rule H. Res. 200 and against final passage of the rule. Also, I would have voted in favor of H.R. 1562 and opposed H.R. 1563. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CRYSTAL BERTHEAU 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring to 
the House’s attention the outstanding public service work of Crystal Bertheau on the occa-sion of her retirement from the Santa Cruz County Elections Department following a long and distinguished career. 
In Ms. Bertheau’s professional career, she 
embodied the fundamental principal that should guide American democracy across our great nation: that every voter should have easy access to the ballot and that every vote cast should be counted. It is an example that stands as a beacon even now in the 21st Century. 
Crystal started her professional career in 
San Mateo County in 1972 where she and her co-workers created an annual program for Court Room Clerks at Stanford University. From 1981 to 1996, Crystal worked for Judge Clarence B. Knight. In 1996, Crystal trans-ferred to the San Mateo County Elections De-partment. In 1997, she and her husband, David, moved to Scotts Valley, California. In 1998, the Santa Cruz County Elections De-partment hired her as the poll worker training and recruitment coordinator for the county. She was instrumental in launching and imple-menting the county Inspector Hotline, a dedi-cated phone number for poll workers to call in questions on Election Day. 
In 2002, she took on the duties of Program 
Coordinator in charge of candidate filing. Crys-tal quickly became known as the knowledge-
able and friendly face who helped thousands of candidates navigate their way through the candidate filing process. Crystal also served as a Passport Acceptance Agent and a Dep-uty Commissioner for Civil Marriage for the County of Santa Cruz. She and her co-work-ers earned the 2013 Employee Recognition Gold Award for successfully facilitating the start of same sex marriages in Santa Cruz County. 
Crystal’s passion for elections and commu-
nity service is unsurpassed. She has worked 20 hour Election Days, spent many weekends serving her community on Passport Saturdays and Weekend Voting, and conducted wed-dings near the midnight hour on Valentine’s Day. Crystal has enjoyed sailing in the San Francisco Bay, has run 2 half marathons and dozens of 10ks, has backpacked in the High Sierras, and enjoyed scuba diving in Cozumel, Bonaire, and the Monterey Bay. In retirement Crystal hopes to continue to enjoy her hobbies of golf, gardening, hiking, playing the piano, reading, and spending time with family and friends, especially her son Mark. 
Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak on behalf 
of the entire House in thanking Crystal for her 42 years of public service and outstanding leadership, showing one person can impact the lives of many. I wish her the very best in the next chapter of her life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEPUTY CHIEF DAVID 
C. BARRETTE 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of First Deputy Chief David C. Barrette. Deputy Chief Barrette served our nation in the United States Air Force and, sub-sequently, has bravely served the 24th District of New York for over 40 years in the Syracuse Police Department. As Deputy Chief Barrette retires from the Syracuse Police Department, it is my honor to recognize such a distin-guished citizen and civil servant. 
Deputy Chief Barrette served in the United 
States Air Force during the Vietnam War as a Staff Sergeant from 1969 to 1973. Following his military career, Deputy Chief Barrette began his career with the Syracuse Police De-partment. For 41 years, he has progressed through the ranks of the Syracuse Police De-partment, serving as a Police Officer, Ser-geant, Lieutenant, and Captain before being promoted to Deputy Chief of the Uniform Bu-reau in 2005 and Deputy Chief of Police in 2009. 
Throughout his career, Deputy Chief Bar-
rette has received numerous commendations for his service to our nation and the 24th Dis-trict, including: a Certificate of Appreciation from the Viet Nam Veterans of America, CNY Chapter #103, the Officer Appreciation Award from the Neighborhood Watch Groups of Syra-cuse, an Outstanding Partner Award from the SU Community Partnership, a Certificate of Appreciation from the Southeast University Neighborhood Association and the Eastside Neighbors in Partnership, and an Outstanding Achievement Award from Syracuse United Neighbors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.001 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E565 April 23, 2015 
Deputy Chief Barrette has remained an ac-
tive member of the Syracuse community while on and off-duty through his role as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Syracuse Model Neighborhood Corporation, President of the Syracuse Police Scholarship Foundation Board of Directors, and Vice-Chair of the On-ondaga County Chiefs of Police Association. 
Deputy Chief Barrette holds a Bachelor of 
Science degree in Industrial Relations and Human Resource Management from LeMoyne College and a Master of Criminal Justice de-gree from the University of Alabama. He is supported by his wife, Patty. 
Deputy Chief Barrette has proudly served 
our nation and Central New York, reflecting the courage and loyalty ubiquitous in Central New York law enforcement. I wish Deputy Chief Barrette well in his retirement and would like to thank him for his years of hard work, dedication, and service to our community. 
f 
HONORING EDWARD GARDNER 
HALEY 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and congratulate my friend, Mr. Ed Haley for an outstanding career of public serv-ice that has spanned over 30 years, encom-passed numerous roles, and helped countless lives. An advisor to the powerful, a mentor to the many, and smiling face for those he served, Ed Haley’s life has exemplified what it means to be a servant leader. 
Following graduation from Millington Central 
High School, Mr. Haley joined the Air Force and served as a radioman for four years be-fore he was honorably discharged. Then, he embarked on a 15 year career with the Du-Pont Company before joining the Shelby County Government in 1973. During the next 27 years, Mr. Haley worked for the citizens of Shelby County, Tennessee as the Assistant Director of Safety, the Administrator for the Shelby County Automotive Facility, and ulti-mately the Director of the Shelby County Road Department. While most people would be looking forward to retirement, Mr. Haley ener-getically signed on to help the small town of Arlington as Town Superintendent and man-aged Arlington’s explosive growth over the last 15 years until his well-deserved retirement on March 1, 2015. 
Of course, knowing only Mr. Haley’s public 
work contributions would be to miss the mas-sive impact he has had through volunteer service during his tenure. Growing up in Millington, Tennessee and returning after the Air Force, Mr. Haley won a seat to the Board of Alderman in 1972. Throughout the 1970’s and 80’s he was active in the Jaycees, Opti-mist Club, Rotary Club, PTSA, Scottish Rite, and Gideon International. In 1990, he was elected to the Tennessee General Assembly as a State Representative serving north Shelby County until 1998. 
In Matthew’s Parable of the Talents, each 
servant has been entrusted with resources for which they are held accountable. Mr. Haley has used his life’s work for the betterment of others and truly deserves to hear his Master say, ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ On behalf of Tennessee’s 8th Congressional 
District, I would like to congratulate and wish the best of luck in retirement and for all future endeavors to the family and friends of Mr. Ed Haley. 
f 
HONORING MR. H. DWIGHT WEA-
VER FOR RECEIVING A MISSOURI HUMANITIES AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a constituent of mine, Mr. H. Dwight Weaver. Mr. Weaver will be receiving one of the Missouri Humanities Awards, Ex-emplary Community Achievement—Lake of the Ozarks Preservation, on Saturday, May 2, 2015. Mr. Weaver has contributed to the bet-terment of the state of Missouri for many years. 
H. Dwight Weaver worked for 15 years at 
the Missouri Department of Natural Re-sources. During his time there, he wrote about Missouri’s air, land and water quality re-sources and these writings aided in policy- making. Mr. Weaver was awarded with two re-gional and two national awards for his article contributions to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources magazine, Missouri Re-sources. 
During his 50 years living in the Lake of the 
Ozarks region, Mr. Weaver, has developed a passion for Missouri caves and a profound in-terest in the history of that region. From his time exploring and working at caves, he gained the knowledge to publish six books. H. Dwight Weaver treasures the various places of mystery and beauty that caves offer. 
For a period of 40 years, H. Dwight Weaver 
has assembled a rare collection of vintage im-ages and memorabilia that is reflective of the cultural heritage of the Lake of the Ozarks re-gion. This collection has contributed to his ability to publish seven books and ultimately be the most prolific and best-selling author of the Lake of the Ozarks. Mr. Weaver contrib-utes his time to the Miller and Camden County historical societies and serves as a source of historical information for anyone who requests information about the Lake of the Ozarks re-gion. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Mr. H. 
Dwight Weaver on receiving this award for his dedication to the Lake of the Ozarks region and the entire state of Missouri! 
f 
HONORING PEOPLES’ SELF-HELP 
HOUSING 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor Peoples’ Self-Help Housing, which has served my constituents on the Central Coast of California since its incorporation on August 6, 1970. Since its inception Peoples’ Self-Help Housing has provided vital affordable housing and self-sufficiency programs for low-income families, seniors, and other special needs groups in our local community. Over the past 45 years, Peoples’ Self-Help 
Housing has developed nearly 1,600 afford-able rental units at 45 properties throughout San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties. 
Their home building program utilizes a col-
laborative group method known as ‘‘sweat eq-uity’’ to build homes for limited income fami-lies. This valuable program has resulted in over 1,200 new homes constructed by individ-uals as owner-builders under the supervision of Peoples’ Self-Help Housing. 
Furthermore, Peoples’ Self-Help Housing 
provides safe and attractive shelter for 4,400 residents throughout the Tri-Counties. The or-ganization has also received numerous na-tional, state and local awards in recognition of their significant contributions to revitalizing our neighborhoods and communities, ensuring sta-ble housing for veterans and those who were formerly homeless, and for their innovative work in educating our youth population. 
I congratulate and offer my sincerest thanks 
to Peoples’ Self-Help Housing for 45 years of successfully providing affordable housing and vital community services to the people of the Central Coast. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 67TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF ISRAEL’S INDE-PENDENCE 
HON. KATHLEEN M. RICE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the 67th anniversary of Israel’s independence. On this day, Yom Ha’atzmaut, we celebrate Israel’s establish-ment as a sovereign state and as a homeland for the Jewish people. 
Rising from the ashes of the Holocaust, 
Israel has come to embody the true meaning of perseverance and resilience. Since it’s dec-laration of independence in 1948, Israel has overcome seemingly insurmountable chal-lenges, defending itself time and again against enemies seeking to destroy it. Today, Israel stands proudly alongside the world’s most de-veloped nations and as the Middle East’s sole true democracy—one rooted in equality and freedom of speech and religion. 
However, this prosperity has come at a high 
price, as over 20,000 brave Israeli men and women have given their lives in service to their country. That is why this week we also observe Yom Hazikaron, to pay tribute to the Israeli service members who made the ulti-mate sacrifice and to thousands of Israeli civil-ians who lost their lives in senseless acts of terror. 
Sadly, in the post-9/11 world, the United 
States has also grown familiar with the threat of terrorism and we have watched our own men and women give their lives to defeat it. This common struggle has created yet another bond between our nations, as we both under-stand the indiscriminant, unjustifiable evil of terrorism, the irreparable pain it causes, and the swift, unequivocal response necessary to destroy it. 
So today, we celebrate more than just 67 
years of Israeli independence—we celebrate 67 years of strong and unwavering U.S.-Israeli relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.004 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E566 April 23, 2015 
I am proud to have visited Israel as a citizen 
of the United States, and I look forward to re-turning this summer as a member of Congress representing New York’s fourth district, which is home to many people of the Jewish faith and has a special bond with the State of Israel and the Israeli people. During my time in Israel, I saw firsthand the prosperity that this great nation has built, as well as the fear that accompanies the daily threat of terrorism. On Israel’s 67th year of independence, I want to congratulate the Israeli people and assure them that the U.S. will forever remain com-mitted to their security, their survival and their prosperity. 
f 
THE AGING OUT CRISIS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to call attention to Autism Aware-ness Month and a huge yet largely invisible crisis that begs serious focus and a concerted national effort. 
Every year, 50,000 young people on the au-
tism spectrum transition into adulthood and are in the process of losing access to the vital educational, therapeutic and other services which enable them to live full, independent and successful lives. 
Individuals with autism in the aging out gen-
eration find themselves entering into a system unprepared to meet their needs, and as a re-sult face shrinking opportunities—and in many cases even regression. 
As co-chairs of the Congressional Coalition 
on Autism Research and Education, Con-gressman M
IKEDOYLE and I hosted a briefing 
called ‘‘Autism and the Aging Out Crisis.’’ We brought together prominent researchers, par-ents of autistic children and self-advocates to discuss how to best respond to the needs of this growing demographic. 
Jonathan Kratchman, a 17-year-old with 
Asperger’s from New Jersey, spoke and stat-ed that ‘‘many people with autism can be con-tributing, tax paying citizens of society. We just all need some level of funding for the sup-port services that we were entitled to before graduation.’’ 
High school students are given services and 
supports to help prepare them for young adult-hood. However, when they graduate, they face a support cliff—their services end and limited options remain available to continue develop-ment. 
Many of us view high school graduation as 
a proud accomplishment—when hard work pays off and we become participants in an adult society. For adolescents on the autism spectrum like Jonathan, a diploma can rep-resent the end of an era without a new begin-ning. The support that allowed them to con-tinue their development and remain in the community is quickly and dramatically re-duced. The challenges ahead can seem over-whelming. 
According to a report released this week 
from Drexel University researcher Dr. Paul Shattuck—who participated in the briefing and whose work was prompted by my recent law— 40% of autistic youths do not receive mental health therapy, speech counseling, case man-agement, or even medical services related to 
their disability once they reach early adult-hood. 
26% of young adults on the autism spec-
trum received no services whatsoever to help them become employed, continue their edu-cation, or live more independently. 
Further, the consequences of the cliff are 
tangible and profound. One third of young adults with autism did not continue their edu-cation or get a job in their early 20s, com-pared to less than 8% of young adults with other disabilities. Individuals with autism from low-income households were almost twice as likely not to continue their education or find meaningful employment. 
The study found individuals with autism who 
transition into adulthood continue to struggle with communication, social skills, and decision making; confront behavioral challenges; and face co-morbid medical conditions and co-oc-curring mental health disorders related to their diagnosis. When the services which help them to address these challenges evaporate, not only do these individuals fail to progress in these areas, they are profoundly impacted by the loss of their routine, and many regress. 
Mr. Speaker, autism does not end when a 
person reaches adulthood—and our commit-ment shouldn’t either. Support should transi-tion along with the individuals, bolstering the promise and realization of self-sufficiency. 
My Autism Collaboration, Accountability, Re-
search, Education, and Support Act of 2014 or the ‘‘Autism CARES Act’’ (Public Law 113– 157) began this conversation by tasking mul-tiple federal agencies with producing a com-prehensive study on the special needs of au-tistic young adults and transitioning youth. 
As researchers, parents, and advocates in-
dicated in the briefing today, we need a holis-tic approach—one that looks at healthcare, housing, employment, education and public safety, among other needs. With the assist-ance of Chairmen F
REDUPTON and J OEPITTS, 
last year I also requested a Government Ac-countability Office (GAO) report evaluating ex-isting programs for effectiveness and making recommendations—in consultation with key stakeholders—on how the public and private sectors can advance initiatives to ensure a better transition. 
The briefing is the first in a series the Cau-
cus will host—building on my recent hearing ‘‘The Global Challenge of Autism’’—to high-light the aging out crisis and explore remedial action. In addition to the importance of transi-tion planning, there is evidence that with spe-cialized support, employment is feasible even among individuals with high levels of impair-ment. 
At my hearing, Jose Velasco, Vice President 
of Product Management at software giant SAP discussed their process of actively recruiting and hiring over 700 young adults on the au-tism spectrum. Management at SAP has re-cently told me that SAP’s diligent young em-ployees with autism are extraordinarily effec-tive workers, and the corporation and the em-ployees mutually benefit through this innova-tive alliance. 
We have an obligation to help individuals 
with disabilities grow into adulthood. It is not only the right thing to do; it’s a smart invest-ment of taxpayer dollars that lower costs in the long run. The University Centers for Excel-lence in Developmental Disabilities estimates that: ‘‘Diverting just one young person into liv-ing-wage employment could save an average 
of $150,000 in SSI benefits over their lifetime. According to the Social Security Administra-tion, transitioning just one half of one percent of current SSDI and SSI beneficiaries from benefits to self-sustaining employment would save $3.5 billion in cash benefits over the work-life of those individuals.’’ 
By investing in and harnessing the potential 
of young adults with autism, we as a society will benefit from the unique skills, abilities, and perspectives of the aging out generation. 
f 
HONORING THE SIMON RIVERA 
EARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL RAIDERS, THE 2015 6A BOYS SOC-CER UIL STATE CHAMPIONS FROM BROWNSVILLE, TEXAS 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in 
honor of the Simon Rivera Early College High School Raiders—the 2015 6A Boys Soccer UIL State Champions from Brownsville, Texas. Their undefeated 28 game season proved that 
the Rio Grande Valley is home to the best soccer team in the State of Texas, and one of the best in the nation. 
On Saturday, April 18, 2015, the Rivera 
Raiders beat Katy Cinco Ranch 2 to 0 in Georgetown, Texas. The win cemented their state title and brought a third statewide cham-pionship to the Brownsville Independent School District. 
From the onset of the 2015 soccer season, 
Coach Salvador Garcia knew the Rivera Raid-ers were a ‘‘Team of Destiny,’’ and would rally the support of an entire community. Coach Garcia’s dedication, tenacity and years of ex-perience would transform the Rivera Raiders into an undefeated powerhouse. He knew the hours of practice and commitment would yield only one outcome—a chance to prove what he already knew—that the Rivera Raiders would be the best soccer team in Texas. 
Their historic championship season serves 
as a reminder that through teamwork and per-severance, we are all capable of achieving great things. The entire team of dedicated stu-dent-athletes set an example to be emulated. Their accomplishments have earned them a place in the history of Rivera High School, and the legacy of their state championship will live on through the precedent set by an undefeated season. 
To all those who supported the players, 
your efforts were critical to the strength of the Rivera Raiders. You drove them to practices early in the morning and picked them up late into the evening. On game days, you prepared them the nutritious meals that would give them stamina. You helped them balance the de-mands of athletics, studies, and home life, and you instilled the values of humility, sportsman-ship and perseverance. 
To the faculty and staff at Rivera High 
School: teachers, assistant coaches, coun-selors, principals, support staff and personnel, thank you for all that you do to help our chil-dren accomplish their goals. Your commitment to educating all students is vital as we prepare the next generation of Americans to lead our nation in the future. Keep doing the excellent job you do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.008 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E567 April 23, 2015 
The coaches and players who inspired a 
community and cemented their place in Rivera High School history by winning the 2015 6A Boys Soccer UIL State Championship are Head Coach Salvador Garcia; Assistant Coaches Jose Dominguez, Andres Macias and Jimmy Montalvo; Athletic Coordinator Tom Chavez; and Principal Aimee Garza- Limon. 
The 2015 Rivera Raiders are Isidro Martinez 
(named Most Valuable Player); Eliezer Acero; Israel Acero; David Alexander; Erik A. Alonso; Carlos I. Alvarez; Jose R. Alvarez, Jr.; Fran-cisco Cardenas, Jr.; Roberto C. Castro; Jorge A. Cordova; Abdon Cruz; Hernan A. Cruz; Ivan L. Cruz; Julian Espinoza; Marcos A. Her-nandez, Jr.; Alexis Herrera; Lee R. Martinez; Roberto J. Melendez; Eliseo F. Ortiz; Edward M. Rojas; Eduardo A. Salinas; Sergio Soto- Ramirez; Jesus A. Torres II; Jose A. Muniz Velazquez; Jose M. Villanueva, Jr.; Alfredo G. Villarreal; and Jesus R. Zaragoza. 
These students from Rivera High School 
represented the Brownsville Independent School District and the City of Brownsville in a manner that brings great credit and distinc-tion to our region, and I am proud that they set an example for us all to follow. I wish each of them the best in their future endeavors, and I join with my colleagues in Congress in con-gratulating them on an undefeated champion-ship season. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RAYMOND FRANK 
FRESCHI 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
mourn the passing of a wonderful human being, good friend, and a great American. Raymond Frank Freschi died earlier this month at the age of 89. Ray will always be re-membered for his very kind and generous heart and lively spirit. He loved his family, his many friends and his life. He will be greatly missed. 
Ray was born in Clifton, New Jersey on 
June 16, 1925. Ray joined the Navy after graduating from high school and served as a medic-corpsman in Norfolk, Virginia and later aboard the U.S. Wakefield on a mission to 
China. Upon leaving the Navy, he attended Fairleigh Dickinson College in Rutherford, New Jersey and then transferred to University of Southern California. At USC he met his be-loved wife Shirley, to whom he was married for 65 years—they are an example of a beau-tiful couple actively involved in their commu-nity. They had two children, daughter, Susan Elaine, who sadly preceded Ray in death, and son Raymond Sandy Freschi Jr. Ray and Shir-ley lived in La Canada-Flintridge in Southern California for 25 years before moving to Peb-ble Beach for the next 25 years, and then on to Carmel Valley Manor. 
Everybody who knew Ray remarked on 
what a joyous person he was. He radiated happiness. He loved and respected people; al-ways taking a genuine interest in others. Among other things, this helped him become a successful real estate entrepreneur. Ray studied and taught real estate, and quickly es-tablished, what was then, the largest real es-tate office in Glendale, California. Among 
Ray’s many accomplishments was purchasing the Chevy Chase country club in Glendale, and transforming it into a thriving successful golf community. He also developed a three story office building and condominium complex on the Golden State Freeway in Glendale. Ray even made a run for a House seat here in Congress. Later, during his retirement, Ray built several beautiful houses in Pebble Beach. 
For many years, Ray had enjoyed spending 
time at his Green Glen ranch property in Gilroy. Ray’s hobby was driving horses and collecting antique carriages and wagons. While in Pebble Beach, Ray could often be seen on the weekends driving a pair of his Welsh Cobbs, Concord & Taffy, or his French Percheron draft horses, Peter & Oliver with a newlywed couple in the carriage. His appear-ance brought joy to everyone, especially my daughter who has followed his professional love of horses. 
Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole 
House in offering our condolences to Ray’s friends and family, including his wife Shirley, son Sandy, grandchildren Peter McLean Freschi, Brooke Susan Freschi., sister Beverly Vivenetto, as well as many nieces and neph-ews. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
submit these additional names of Armenians who lost their lives in the Armenian Genocide from 1915 to 1923. We will never forget their names and their stories and we will continue to speak the truth in the face of denial. 
Shahinian Family, Melkonian Family, 
Nalbandian Family, Kharmandarian Family, Kasbarian Family, Eksoozian Family, Garabedian Family, Hairabedian Family, Etyemezian Family, Barsoumian Family, K. Vartanian, Levonian Family, Gugasian Family, A. Arakelian, the parents and family of Simon Samsonian, Arakelian Family, Harutune Dadourian and 41 members of Dadourian and Arsenian Families, Hunazant Alexanian and 49 members of Alexanian and Abkarian Fami-lies, First daughter of Goolezar Nercesian, Second daughter of Goolezar Nercesian, Rev. Fr. Mashdots Abajian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Adomian, Rev. Fr. Mesrob Afarian, Rev. Fr. Kiud Aghayekian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Aghinian, Rev. Fr. Samuel Ajemian, Rev. Fr. Yeghish Alamasharian, Rev. Fr. Alexan Alexanian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Alexanian, Rev. Fr. Yeghish Amirkhanian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Ananian, Rev. Fr. Atam Anchigian, Rev. Fr. Tatoul Andnonian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Andonian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Apkarian, Rev. Fr. Housig Aprahamian, Rev. Fr. Melidos Aprahamian, Rev. Fr. Pilibbos Aprahamian, Rev. Fr. Pilibbos Arakelian, V. Rev. Fr. Garabed Arakelian, Archpriest Fr. Yeghish Aramian, Rev. Fr. Hamazasb Aramian, V. Rev. Fr. Gomidas Ardzrouni, Rev. Fr. Karekin Arekian, Rev. Fr. Yeznag Arevigian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Arisian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Armaghanian, Rev. Fr. Hemayag Aroyan, Rev. Fr. Arsen Arshagouni, Rev. Fr. Avedis Arslanian, Rev. Fr. Vartan 
Arslanian, Rev. Fr. Yeremia Asarian, Rev. Fr. Parnapas Asdikian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Asdourian, Rev. Fr. Nahabed Asdvadzadourian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Asdvadzadourian, Rev. Fr. Yeghish Asdvadzadourian, Rev. Fr. Yeghish Asdvadzadourian, Rev. Fr. Housig Ashjian, Rev. Fr. Madteos Atamian, V. Rev. Fr. Mikael Atchabahian, Rev. Fr. Inknadios Avakian, Rev. Fr. Keteon Avakian, Rev. Fr. Ashod Avedian, Rev. Fr. Kapriel Avedissian, Rev. Fr. Kasbar Aveidsian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Ayvazian, Rev. Fr. Iravapar Ayvazian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Ayvazian, Rev. Fr. Yeghish Ayvazian, Rev. Fr. Marouk Babian, Rev. Fr. Andon Baghdassarian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Baghdassarian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Baghdassarian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Baghdassarian, V. Rev. Fr. Sdepan Baghdassarian, Rev. Fr. Agepsimos Bahlavouni, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Bahlavouni, Rev. Fr. Sempad Bahlavouni, Rev. Fr. Vaghinag Bahlavouni, Rev. Fr. Pakrad Balemian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Balian, Rev. Fr. Movses Baligian, Rev. Fr. Yeghiazar Baligian, V. Rev. Fr. Yeghish Balouni, Rev. Fr. Shigha Bantekhdian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Barigian, Rev. Fr. Keteon Baronian, Rev. Fr. Vahan Baronian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Bayian, Rev. Fr. Armenag Bedigian, Rev. Fr. Arshen Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Asdvadzadour Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Boghos Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Megerditch Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Vahan Bedrossian, V. Rev. Fr. Yeghiazar Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Kapriel Begian, Rev. Fr. Taniel Begian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Behrigian, Rev. Fr. Magar Bekhozian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Benneyan, Rev. Fr. Hagop Berberian, Rev. Fr. Yeghish Beylerian, Rev. Fr. Kerovp Biberian, Bishop Sempad Saadetian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Bodossian, Rev. Fr. Vahram Bodossian, Rev. Fr. Aram Boghossian, Rev. Fr. Vaghinag 
Bordigian, Rev. Fr. Krisdapor Bosdigian, V. Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Bouroujian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Boyajian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Boyajian, Rev. Fr. Mesrob Boyajian, V. Rev. Fr. Kevork Boyapian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Chamashourian, Rev. Fr. Nershabouh Charchian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Chekmezian, Rev. Fr. Souren Chengelian, Rev. Fr. Sdepanos Cheorugian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Chitchekian, Rev. Fr. Toros Chitcjian, Rev. Fr. Vosgian Cholakian, V. Rev. Fr. Sahag Cholakian, Rev. Fr. Arshavir Choloyan, Rev. Fr. Garabed Daderian, Rev. Fr. Natan Dadian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Dadigian, Rev. Fr. Khoren Daghlian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Dayan, Rev. Fr. Neshan Der Antreassian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Der Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Der Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Hmayag Der Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Melkon Der Bedrossian, Rev. Fr. Boghos Der Boghossian, Rev. Fr. Moushegh Der Boghossian, Rev. Fr. Yeremia Der Boghossian, Rev. Fr. Gorun Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Hamazasb Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Khoren Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Khosrov Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Tatoul Der Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Zareh Der Garabedian, Archpriest Ghevont Der Ghevontian, Rev. Fr. Gournelios Der Gureghian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Der Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Der Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Zenop Der Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Hamazasb Der Hamazasbian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Der 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.010 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E568 April 23, 2015 
Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der 
Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Sdepan Der Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Vrtanes Der Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Der Housigian, Rev. Fr. Asdvadzadour Der Housigian, Rev. Fr. Apraham Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Atanas Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Boghos Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Gosdantianos Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Hovasap Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Pilibbos Der Hovhannessian, V. Rev. Fr. Magar Der Hovhannessian, V. Rev. Fr. Sdepanos Der Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Der Hovsepian, Rev. Fr. Arakel Der Katchian, Rev. Fr. Anania Der Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Boghos Der Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Der Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Megerditch Der Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Yeznig Der Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Der Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Der Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Vartan Der Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Der Khatian, V. Rev. Fr. Bsag Der Khorenian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der Krikorian, Rev. Fr. Karekin Der Krikorian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Der Krikorian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Der Krikorian, Rev. Fr. Moushegh Der Madteossian, Rev. Fr. Ashod Der Manuelian, Rev. Fr. Kerovpe Der Manuelian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Der Manuelian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Der Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Der Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Papken Der Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Margos Der Margossian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Der Margossian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Der Markarian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Der Markarian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Der Markarian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Der Megerditchian, Rev. Fr. Boghos Der Megerditchian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Der Megerditchian, Rev. Fr. Kalousd Der Megerditchian, Rev. Fr. Megerditch Der Megerditchian, Rev. Fr. Parnag Der Megerditchian, Rev. Fr. Mekhitar Der Mekhitarian, Rev. Fr. Bsag Der Melidossian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Der Melkonian, Rev. Fr. Samuel Der Mesrobian, Rev. Fr. Avedis Der Mikaelian, Rev. Fr. Kapriel Der Mikaelian, Rev. Fr. Moushegh Der Mousheghian, Movses Der Movsessian, Movses Der Movsessian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Der Sahagian, Rev. Fr. Aharon Der Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Knel Der Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Der Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Der Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Der Sarkissian, V. Rev. Fr. Nerses Der Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Der Sdepanian. 
f 
ROME CITY HALL 100TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this 
week marks the 100th Anniversary of the City Hall in Rome, Georgia. 
Over a century ago, leaders of this fine 
community had a vision for the city to build a municipal building not like many of its time. 
Today the building still serves as one of 
Rome’s central landmarks, located in the cen-ter of downtown on Broad Street. 
Construction began on this site one hundred 
years ago this month, after residents—‘‘Ro-mans’’—agreed to allow city issued bonds to 
be sold to fund the project. 
The building’s auditorium has served as the 
venue for a variety of significant events and hosted a long list of notable public officials, in-cluding former U.S. Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan, and popular musicians like the Allman Brothers Band. 
I cannot imagine a drive through downtown 
Rome without seeing City Hall. 
Happy centennial anniversary. 
f 
H.R. 1560 AND H.R. 1731 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I voted 
against H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Net-works Act and H.R. 1731, National Cybersecu-rity Protection Advancement Act. 
H.R. 1560 was an overly broad intrusion 
into civil liberties. While H.R. 1730 was more narrowly tailored and represented progress from previous cybersecurity bills that the House has considered, I continue to have res-ervations, particularly with the liability provi-sions in the bill. 
Protecting ourselves against cyber-attacks is 
critical for national security and for a robust economy, and I strongly support taking actions to ensure that we have the best mechanisms in place to defend against cybersecurity threats. In working toward this goal, however, we cannot sacrifice important civil liberties or the privacy of American citizens. We must also ensure that companies can be held ac-countable if they fail to protect personal infor-mation or fail to act on cybersecurity threat in-formation. 
I will work to help these proposals to evolve 
so that we will consider an improved solution in the future. 
f 
HONORING NEW HAVEN NATIVE 
FRED PARRIS 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure today that I rise to join Mayor Toni Harp and the City of New Haven as they pay tribute to New Haven native Fred Parris at the City’s 377th Anniversary celebration. Today, community leaders and residents will gather to plant five trees, one for each century during which the City of New Haven has been incor-porated. As they do so, they will pay homage to the City’s ‘‘deep roots’’ by recognizing one of our civic icons, Fred Parris. 
Founder and lead singer of The Five Satins, 
Fred’s extraordinary story began in 1953 when he started singing as a student at Hillhouse High School in a group called the Scarlets. The group disbanded when its members joined the army in 1956 and Fred Parris found himself stationed at Philadelphia’s Navy Yard. On weekends, Fred would often return to New Haven and sing for fun with a few friends from the neighborhood. In fact, they could often be found singing on street corners along bustling Dixwell Avenue. At the insistence of a local 
record company owner, Fred got together with Jim Freeman, Lou Peebles, Eddie Martin and Stanley Dortch to form the Five Satins—the era of Doo-Wop music was born. 
One night, while on guard duty at 4 am, 
Fred penned ‘‘In The Still of the Night’’ bring-ing a musical gift to the world. It has been over 50 years since they recorded ‘‘In the Still of the Night’’ in the basement of St. Berna-dette’s church in New Haven. Just weeks later, Fred was shipped out by the time the record made the national charts, he was sta-tioned in Japan and had to be replaced by Bill Baker. When Fred returned from the army, he again became the group’s lead, recording songs like ‘‘Shadows’’ and ‘‘I’ll Be Seeing You.’’ 
‘‘In the Still of the Night’’ has sold millions 
of copies and is still one of the most re-quested ‘‘golden oldies’’ on almost every Top- 40 radio station in the country. In fact, when Rolling Stone magazine released its list of ‘‘The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time’’ a few years ago, ‘‘In the Still of the Night ’’ was right up there at #90—in between #89 ‘‘California Dreamin’’ by The Mamas & The Papas and #91 ‘‘Suspicious Minds’’ by Elvis Presley. Fred and his Five Satins continued recording well into the 1980’s and in 2003 were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame. 
Fred, along with his wife, Emma, continues 
to make the Greater New Haven community their home today and Fred continues to per-form. He is true community treasure and I am honored to join Mayor Harp and all of those gathered today in paying him tribute. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
submit these additional names of Armenians who lost their lives in the Armenian Genocide from 1915 to 1923. We will never forget their names and their stories and we will continue to speak the truth in the face of denial. 
Rev. Fr. Ghevont Der Sdepanian, Rev. Fr. 
Vahan Der Sdepanian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der Seropian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Der Seropian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Der Simonian, Rev. Fr. Shmavon Der Simonian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Der Tavitian, Rev. Fr. Vrtanes Der Torossian, Rev. Fr. Bimen Der Vartanian, Rev. Fr. Kakig Der Vartanian, Rev. Fr. Vartan Der Vartanian, Archpriest Yeghia Der Yeghiayan, Rev. Fr. Karnig Der Yezegielian, Rev. Fr. Zakaria Der Zakarian, Rev. Fr. Zakaria Der Zakarian, Rev. Fr. Yeprem Der-Alexanian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Der-Aprahamian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Der- Aprahamian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Der- Asdvadzadourian, Rev. Fr. Kapriel Der- Atamian, Rev. Fr. Avedis Der-Avedissian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Der-Avedissian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Der-Avedissian, Rev. Fr. Knel Der-Azarian, Rev. Fr. Iravapar Derbabian, Rev. Fr. Atam Derderian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Derderian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Derderian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Derderian, Rev. Fr. Kalousd Derderian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Derderian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Derderian, Rev. Fr. Vahan Derderian, Rev. Fr. Vartan Derderian, Rev. Fr. Avedis Der- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.012 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E569 April 23, 2015 
Kalousdian, Rev. Fr. Kalousd Der-Kalousdian, 
Rev. Fr. Khoren Der-Kalousdian, Rev. Fr. Megerditch Der-Kalousdian, Rev. Fr. Vartan Der-Kalousdian, Rev. Fr. Serovpe Der- Kasbarian, Rev. Fr. Khoren Dermenjian, Rev. Fr. Souren Deroyan, Rev. Fr. Boghos Der- Parseghian, Rev. Fr. Hemayag Der- Parseghian, Rev. Fr. Parsegh Der-Parseghian, Rev. Fr. Karekin Der-Partoghimeossian, V. Rev. Fr. Vrtanes Devgants, Rev. Fr. Sdepan Deyirmenjian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Dilegian, Rev. Fr. Hetoum Diradourian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Dishlian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Djanikian, Rev. Fr. Khosrov Djeghikian, Rev. Fr. Movses Djenezian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Djeranian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Dobrashian, Rev. Fr. Donabed , Rev. Fr. Armenag Donatossian, Archpriest Madteos Donigian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Donoyan, Rev. Fr. Krikor Dosdourian, Rev. Fr. Souren Durgerian, Rev. Fr. Kiud Dzadourian, Rev. Fr. Kourken Dzaghighian, Rev. Fr. Yevkineos Dzaghigian, Rev. Fr. Teopile Dzerougian, V. Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Dzerouni, Rev. Fr. Movses Dzotsigian, Rev. Fr. Torkom Ehramjian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Elbegian, Rev. Fr. Adovm Elmasdian, Rev. Fr. Apkar Englian, Rev. Fr. Norayr Eozelian, Rev. Fr. Samuel Ermoyan, Rev. Fr. Geghemes Etyemezian, Rev. Fr. Mampre Fakhirian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Ferhadian, Rev. Fr. Tornig Gaboudigian, V. Rev. Fr. Madteos Gadarian, V. Rev. Fr. Arisdages Gadegjian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Gananian, Archpriest Fr. Yezegiel Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Alexianos Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Mamigon Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Yeghiazar Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Garabedian, V. Rev. Fr. Boghos Garabedian, V. Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Garabedian, Rev. Fr. Soukias Gargarian, Rev. Fr. Soponia Garinian, Rev. Fr. 
Mardiros Gedigian, Rev. Fr. Sdepan Gedjadian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Gemijian, Rev. Fr. Movses Geogjian, Rev. Fr. Madteos Gergerian, Rev. Fr. Mikael Ghamparian, Rev. Fr. Yeghia Gharibshahian, Rev. Fr. Kourken Ghazarian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Ghazarian, Rev. Fr. Movses Ghazarian, V. Rev. Fr. Bedros Ghazarian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Ghougassian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Ghougassian, Rev. Fr. Khosrov Ghougassian, Rev. Fr. Avedis Giragossian, Rev. Fr. Magar Giragossian, Rev. Fr. Partoughimeos Gobalian, Rev. Fr. Madteos Gogoyan, Rev. Fr. Gorun , Rev. Fr. Movses Gulgezian, Rev. Fr. Apel Gureghian, Rev. Fr. Sebouh Gureghian, Rev. Fr. Avak Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Hagopian, V. Rev. Fr. Boghos Hagopian, V. Rev. Fr. Hagop Hagopian, V. Rev. Fr. Taniel Hagopian, V. Rev. Fr. Vartan Hagopian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Hairabedian, V. Rev. Fr. Hamazasb, Rev. Fr. Khoren Hampartsoumian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Hampartsoumian, Rev. Fr. Adom Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Avedis Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Guregh Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Haroutiunian, Rev. Fr. Taniel Haroutiunian, V. Rev. Fr. Arsen Haroutiunian, V. Rev. Fr. Anania Hazarabedian, Rev. Fr. Zaven Hazarian, V. Rev. Fr. Garabed Hazarshahian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Hekimian, Rev. Fr. Roupen Hekimian, Rev. Fr. Sempad Helhelian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Hendeyan, Rev. Fr. Kourken Hovagimian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Hamazasb Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Megerditch Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Vahan 
Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Margos Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Sdepan Hovhannessian, Rev. Fr. Yeprem Hovhannessian, V. Rev. Fr. Melkiseteg Hovivian, Rev. Fr. Pakrad Isakian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Jamgotchian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Jamgotchian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Kalayjian, Rev. Fr. Yevakr Kalayjian, V. Rev. Fr. Souren Kalemian, V. Rev. Fr. Ardavazt Kalenderian, Archpriest Fr. Megerditch Kaleonjian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Kalousdian, Bishop Yeznig Kalpakjian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Kaprielian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Karagueozian, Rev. Fr. Vahram Karaguiavourian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Karakashian, Rev. Fr. Yervant Karamanougian, Rev. Fr. Agepsimos Kasbarian, Rev. Fr. Mampre Kasbarian, Rev. Fr. Mesrob Kasbarian, Rev. Fr. Moushegh Kasbarian, Rev. Fr. Parnapas Kasbarian, V. Rev. Fr. Megerditch Kasbarian, Archpriest Fr. Bedros Kassian, Rev. Fr. Housig Kavafian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Kebabjian, Rev. Fr. Parnag Kehiayan, Rev. Fr. Hovagim Keomurjian, Rev. Fr. Madatia Keondukian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Keoroghlian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Keremian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Keshishian, Rev. Fr. Dadjad Keshishian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Keshishian, Rev. Fr. Ghougas Keshishian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Keshishian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Keshishian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Maghakia Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Mekhitar Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Movses Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Zakaria Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Zarmayr Kevorkian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Keyhiayan, Rev. Fr. Garabed Khanjian, Bishop Nerses Kharakhanian, Rev. Fr. Pakrad Kharpoutlian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour , Rev. Fr. Arshag Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Oksendios Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Khatchadourian, V. Rev. Fr. Yeremia Khatchadourian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Khatchaoudrian, Rev. Fr. Dzamitos Khatchigian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Khatchoyan, Rev. Fr. Parnapas Khojian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Khojoyan, V. Rev. Fr. Sdepan Khorkhorounian, Rev. Fr. Yeprem Kibritjian, Rev. Fr. Khosrof Kirkorian, Rev. Fr. Hiusikos Kojadeolian, Rev. Fr. Yebipan Kojayan, Rev. Fr. Vahan Koltoukian, Rev. Fr. Stepan Kopoushian, Rev. Fr. Kakig Kossian, Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Koulaksezian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Koushoghlian, Rev. Fr. Armenag Kouyoumjian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Kouyoumjian, Rev. Fr. Hovsep Krikorian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Krikorian, V. Rev. Fr. Bedros Krikorian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Kulkanjian, Rev. Fr. Adom Kurkjian, Rev. Fr. Housig Kurkjian. 
f 
IN COMMEMORATION OF 1890S DAY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in proud recognition of 1890s Day, which commemorates an influential piece of legislation that took effect 125 years ago yet is still very relevant today. 
In 1862, President Abraham Lincoln signed 
the Morrill Act into law with the intention of giving federal land grants to states so that 
they would in turn sell them to establish ‘‘land- grant’’ universities with the funds. Academi-cally, these institutions were to specialize in fields such as agriculture, military strategy, and engineering, initiatives that would have a distinct impact on local economies and tech-nological developments in years to come. 
Twenty-eight years later, the second Morrill 
Act of 1890 was enacted and we celebrate that moment today. It was significant because it specifically addressed the former Confed-erate States. In order to combat extensive ra-cial discrimination faced by African Americans in the post-Civil War South, the Act required that States wishing to receive federal support must either omit entry restrictions based on skin color at their universities entirely, or else establish separate institutions specifically de-signed to accommodate African Americans. Many historically black colleges and univer-sities came into existence as a result of this rule. 
Prior to the Civil War, there were few oppor-
tunities for African Americans to receive a higher education. Those African Americans who did receive such schooling studied at home or in informal settings. In fact, during the era of slavery, it had been a crime to instruct an African American in anything except the most rudimentary skills. 
Within the Second Congressional District of 
Georgia, one concrete outcome of this land-mark legislation was the 1895 founding of Fort Valley High and Industrial School, which would later become Fort Valley State College and, fi-nally, Fort Valley State University. This histori-cally African-American institution remains Georgia’s only 1890 land-grant university. 
Proving itself over decades of scholastic dis-
tinction and educating thousands of students in the sciences as well as the arts, this re-nowned establishment is still alive and flour-ishing today. It was all made possible through that groundbreaking decision made more than a century ago. Since the 1890 Act directly ad-dressed concerns of discrimination against Af-rican Americans, it has served to provide op-portunities for all students, regardless of their race. 
Mr. Speaker, it is indeed my privilege to 
bring attention to this important day, and to recognize the changes the Morrill Act of 1890 has brought to our communities and to our na-tion. For it is through the diversity and the in-spiration of our youth that we are able to grow as a society, in innovation and in hope. Let us celebrate these developments today and an-ticipate a bright future to come tomorrow. 
f 
THE 67TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
ISRAEL’S INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, today, I join the 
Israeli people in celebrating 67 years of inde-pendence and more than six decades of steadfast support by the United States. 
Israel remains unquestionably our strongest 
ally in the region—a key supporter in our fight against terrorism and the only country in the region in which the voice of its citizens is reg-ularly heard through the ballot box. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.013 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E570 April 23, 2015 
Not only are our security interests inex-
tricably linked, but the U.S.-Israeli relationship is firmly rooted in democratic values, common goals, and the unbreakable bond between our people. 
As the former Chairwoman and current 
Ranking Member on the Appropriations Sub-committee on State and Foreign Operations, I will continue to advocate for U.S. assistance to Israel, which helps our ally secure its bor-ders and protect its citizens, as well as un-equivocally support efforts to stand with Israel in international fora. 
This year’s Yom Ha’atzmaut is an oppor-
tunity to celebrate the ties that unite us and recommit ourselves to working together on the many challenges currently facing both our great countries. 
f 
HONORING THE MOTHERS TRUST 
FOUNDATION 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Mothers Trust Foundation of Lake County. Founded by Barbara Monsor, the Mothers Trust Foundation’s mission is to pro-vide immediate assistance during times of cri-sis to low-income children. 
Mr. Speaker, the Mothers Trust Foundation 
works to connect children in desperate situa-tions with those who want to provide assist-ance where it truly makes a difference. Each request is specific to the child’s financial needs. For example, the organization helps fund the cost of school supplies, a class field trip fee or even a college application payment. 
By assisting in these times of need, the 
Mothers Trust Foundation strives to build con-fidence and make a positive difference in young people’s lives. Thank you to Jody Ortiz, Jeanette Lincoln, Wendy Feldhaus, Daria An-drews, Jane Rubin, Terri Karst, Tina Mascari and Mary Claire Sparrow for dedicating your time to a special cause. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize these selfless, inspiring leaders and the Mothers Trust Foundation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
submit these additional names of Armenians who lost their lives in the Armenian Genocide from 1915 to 1923. We will never forget their names and their stories and we will continue to speak the truth in the face of denial. 
Rev. Fr. Krikor Mansouian, Rev. Fr. Sdepan 
Mansouirn, Rev. Fr. Boghos Maranian, Rev. Fr. Ardag Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Arshen Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Hovsep Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Khoren Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Michael Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Mardirossian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Margossian, Rev. Fr. Dzamitos Markarian, Rev. Fr. Gorun Markarian, V. Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Mavian, Rev. Fr. Tatoul Mazmanian, Rev. Fr. Israel 
Medjigian, Rev. Fr. Gorun Megerditchian, V. Rev. Fr. Nerses Megerditchian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Melikian, Rev. Fr. Dadjad Melkonian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Melkonian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Melkonian, Rev. Fr. Souren Melkonian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Messerlian, Rev. Fr. Apkar Mghdessian, Rev. Fr. Mikael, Rev. Fr. Khoren Mikaelian, Rev. Fr. Moushegh Mikaelian, V. Rev. Fr. Sarkis Mikaelian, Rev. Fr. Mergerios Minassian, Rev. Fr. Minas Minassian, Rev. Fr. Tateos Minassian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Miroyan, Rev. Fr. Garabed Mkhalian, Rev. Fr. Partogh Mkhalian, V. Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Mogatsian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Moughalian, Rev. Fr. Zadig Moumigian, Rev. Fr. Hayrabed Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Oksendios Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Ovresdes Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Ovresdes Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Souren Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Khatchadour Mouradian, V. Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Mouradian, Rev. Fr. Hemayag Mouradkhanian, Rev. Fr. Melkiseteg Moushmoulian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Najarian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Nalbandian, Rev. Fr. Yeghia Nazaretian, V. Rev. Fr. Yeznig Nergararian, Rev. Fr. Soukias Nersesian, Rev. Fr. Levon Nigoghossian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Nonoyan, Rev. Fr. Partoghimeos Noradoungian, Rev. Fr. Minas Noraznian, Rev. Fr. Vramshabouh Norhadian, Rev. Fr. Michael Norigian, Rev. Fr. Ashod Noroyan, Rev. Fr. Teopile Odabashian, V. Rev. Fr. Sahag Odabashian, V. Rev. Fr. Ohan, Rev. Fr. Krikoris Otsetsian, Rev. Fr. Arisdage Otsnetsi, Rev. Fr. Israel Padigian, Archpriest Fr. Boghos Paghian, V. Rev. Fr. Taniel Paghoumian, Rev. Fr. Nahabed Paghoyan, Rev. Fr. Avedik Palouyan, Bishop Hagop Ashod Papazian, Rev. Fr. Ardash Papazian, Rev. Fr. Ardashes Papazian, Rev. 
Fr. Baghdasar Papazian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Papazian, V. Rev. Fr. Mashdots Papazian, Rev. Fr. Yezras Papelian, Rev. Fr. Mardiros Paraghamian, Rev. Fr. Simon Parkhalian, Rev. Fr. Adom Parseghian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Parseghian, Rev. Fr. Khoren Parseghian, Rev. Fr. Parshegh Parseghian, V. Rev. Fr. Nerses Partoughimiosian, Rev. Fr. Yeghia Patrian, Rev. Fr. Kourken Pehlivanian, Rev. Fr. Sebouh Pertchigian, V. Rev. Fr. Hovhan Peshdimaljian, Rev. Fr. Hagop Pirlian, Rev. Fr. Mardiros Piroumian, Rev. Fr. Parsegh Pogharian, Rev. Fr. Bsag Posigian, Rev. Fr. Jirayr Posoyan, Rev. Fr. Sahag Postoyan, Rev. Fr. Serovpe Pregian, Rev. Fr. Parnapas Proudian, Rev. Fr. Sdepanos Proudian, Rev. Fr. Parnapas Rapounian, Rev. Fr. Dadjad Reyissian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Rouhbanian, Rev. Fr. Vahan Roushanian, Rev. Fr. Kalousd Sahagian, Rev. Fr. Neshan Sahagian, Rev. Fr. Rapael Sahagian, Rev. Fr. Vahan Sahagian, V. Rev. Fr. Shavarsh Sahagian, Rev. Fr. Yerevoum Sandekian, Rev. Fr. Kenarios Sarafian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Sarajian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis, Rev. Fr. Avedis Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Bsag Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Hemayag Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Kourken Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Megerditch Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Sarkissian, V. Rev. Fr. Sahag Sarkissian, Rev. Fr. Karekin Savayan, Rev. Fr. Sdepan, Archpriest Karekin Seferian, Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Seferian, Rev. Fr. Yeprem Seferian, Rev. Fr. Oksen Semerjian, Rev. Fr. Sempad, Rev. Fr. Khoren Senekerimian, V. Rev. Fr. Gorun Serabian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Serginian, Rev. Fr. Kervope Seropian, Rev. Fr. Tatoul Seropian, Rev. Fr. Serovpe, V. Rev. Fr. Avedis 
Setrakian, Rev. Fr. Mesrob Shahbazian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Shahinian, Rev. Fr. Oshin Shahnazarian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Shakarian, Rev. Fr. Kourken Shaljian, Rev. Fr. Teopile Sharounagian, Rev. Fr. Vartan Sharoyan, Rev. Fr. Yeznig Sheperdigian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Shiranian, Rev. Fr. Zareh Shisheyan, Rev. Fr. Krikor Simigian, Rev. Fr. Diradour Simonian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Simonian, Rev. Fr. Reteos Simonian, Rev. Fr. Apraham Sinabian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Sinoyan, Rev. Fr. Kourken Sivaslian, Rev. Fr. Soghomon, Rev. Fr. Nerses Soghomonian, V. Rev. Fr. Hovsep Soghomonian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Soughoubatian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Soukiassian, Rev. Fr. Hrayr Soukiassian, Rev. Fr. Apraham Sourenian, Rev. Fr. Vahan Sumenian, V. Rev. Fr. Nerses Takavorian, Rev. Fr. Mekhitar Tamezian, Bishop Nerses Tanielian, Rev. Fr. Markar Tanielian, V. Rev. Fr. Barkev Tanielian, Rev. Fr. Gomidas Tapinian, Rev. Fr. Khoren Tarpinian, Rev. Fr. Sempad Tarpinian, Rev. Fr. Vartan Tarpinian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Tashjian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Tatarian, Archpriest Fr. Vartan Tateossian, Rev. Fr. Kevork Tateossian, Rev. Fr. Mampre Tateossian, Rev. Fr. Hovsep Tavitian, Archpriest Hagop Tchaghatsbanian, V. Rev. Fr. Megerditch Tchelghadian, V. Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Tehanoyan, Rev. Fr. Garabed Telalian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Tellerian, Rev. Fr. Arisdages Temourian, Archpriest Fr. Mampre Tepigian, Rev. Fr. Apraham Tertsagian, Rev. Fr. Avedis Terzian, V. Rev. Fr. Kegham Tevekelian, Bishop Khoren Timaksian, Rev. Fr. Hamazasb Tinarian, Rev. Fr. Asoghig Toghakian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Topalian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Topalian, V. Rev. Fr. Vaghinag Torigian, Archpriest Fr. Yeprem Torkomian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Torossian, Rev. Fr. Mesrob 
Torossian, Rev. Fr. Medropanos Tosoyan, Rev. Fr. Garabed Toukhighian, V. Rev. Fr. Kevork Tourian, Rev. Fr. Yeznig Toursarkissian, Rev. Fr. Housig Tovmassian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Tovmassian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis Tovmassian, Rev. Fr. Tovmas Tovmassian, V. Rev. Fr. Hovsep Tovmassian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Tovmayan, V. Rev. Fr. Hovhannes, V. Rev. Fr. Apraham, V. Rev. Fr. Karekin, V. Rev. Fr. Khatchadour, V. Rev. Fr. Khatchadour, V. Rev. Fr. Vahan, Archpriest Nerses Vahanian, V. Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Vahradian, Rev. Fr. Moushegh Varjabedian, Rev. Fr. Penig Varjabedian, Rev. Fr. Hesou Vartabedian, Rev. Fr. Arsen Vartanian, Rev. Fr. Avedis Vartanian, Rev. Fr. Karekin Vartanian, Rev. Fr. Khat Vartanian, Rev. Fr. Kourken Vartanian, V. Rev. Fr. Hamazasb Vartanian, Rev. Fr. Ghevont Vassilian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Vassilian, Rev. Fr. Krikor Vatabedian, Rev. Fr. Karekin Vemian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Vosganian, Rev. Fr. Sahag Yaghoubian, Rev. Fr. Melkiseteg Yardemian, Rev. Fr. Vagharshag Yegavian, V. Rev. Fr. Hamazasb Yeghiseyan, Rev. Fr. Gorun Yeramian, Rev. Fr. Mampre Yeranossian, Archpriest Boghos Yeretsian, Archpriest Fr. Moushegh Yeretsian, Rev. Fr. Bedros Yeretsian, Rev. Fr. Hemayag Yeretsian, Rev. Fr. Megerditch Yeretsian, Rev. Fr. Ashod Yergatian, Rev. Fr. Dadjad Yessayan, Rev. Fr. Hemayag Yeterian, V. Rev. Fr. Apkar Yotnaghperian, Rev. Fr. Nerses Zadourian, Archpriest Fr. Vartan Zakarian, Rev. Fr. Hovhannes Zakarian, Rev. Fr. Shemavon Zakarian, Rev. Fr. Sighvanos Zakarian, Rev. Fr. Yeghishe Zakarian, Rev. Fr. Sarkis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.005 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E571 April 23, 2015 
Zakoyan, Tshxun Karoyan, Krikor Zohrab, 
Haroutiun Shahrigian (Adom), Karekin Khajag (Chakalian), E. Agnuni (Khachadour Maloomian), Dikran Kelegian, Siamanto (Adom Yarjanian), Herand (Melkon Gurjian), Taniel Varoujan (Chibookirarian), Roupen Zartarian, Roupen Sevag (Dr. R. Chilinguirian). 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 67TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF ISRAEL’S INDEPEND-ENCE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the 67th anniversary of the founding of the modern State of Israel and to reaffirm the bonds of friendship and co-operation between the United States and Israel. 
Israel was created in 1948; it took President 
Truman only 11 minutes to recognize the new Jewish State. 
Since then, Israel has come to exist as the 
only true democracy in the Middle East. 
Israel and the United States have many of 
the same foundations of government: freedom of religion, free speech, basic human rights, the rule of law and being a nation of immigra-tion and diversity. 
In addition, it is a home to many religious 
sites which are sacred to Judaism, Christi-anity, and Islam and attracts multitudes of visi-tors every year. 
Israel provided a refuge to Jews who sur-
vived the horrors of the Holocaust and the evils committed by the Nazis which were un-precedented in human history. 
The people of Israel have established a 
unique, pluralistic democracy which includes the freedoms cherished by the people of the United States, including freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of association, freedom of the press, and government by the consent of the governed. 
Israel continues to serve as an example of 
democratic values by regularly holding free and fair elections, promoting the free ex-change of ideas, and vigorously exercising in its Parliament, the Knesset, a democratic gov-ernment that is fully representative of its citi-zens. 
I applaud the Government of Israel for suc-
cessfully working with the neighboring Govern-ments of Egypt and Jordan to establish peace-ful, bilateral relations. 
I have had the privilege of visiting Israel 
many times, and observing firsthand her great achievements in the areas of medical re-search, technology, business, and the arts. 
Mr. Speaker, the 67th anniversary of the 
founding of the modern State of Israel is an occasion for us to reflect and reaffirm the bonds of friendship and cooperation between the United States and Israel. 
The United States and Israel enjoy a stra-
tegic partnership based on shared mutual democratic values, friendship, and respect. 
The people of the United States share affin-
ity with the people of Israel and view Israel as a strong and trusted ally. 
I hope this friendship continues to grow and 
blossom for decades to come. THE INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO 
ENSURE THAT THE METROPOLI-TAN WASHINGTON AIRPORTS AU-THORITY COMPLIES WITH FED-ERAL AUDITING STANDARDS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce a bill to prohibit federal funds from the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) from being disbursed to the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (MWAA) unless DOT certifies that MWAA is complying with audit standards. There have been some im-provements at MWAA, but significant failures in MWAA’s contracting, auditing, and hiring policies and practices pointed to a need for systemic reform in MWAA’s acquisition, audit-ing, and hiring processes. Despite being cre-ated by Congress, leasing federally owned land, and benefiting from significant federal taxpayer funds, MWAA is not subject to fed-eral procurement, auditing or nepotism laws. However, MWAA has been taking steps to ad-dress these shortcomings. 
MWAA is an independent public body cre-
ated by Congress under the Metropolitan Washington Airports Act of 1986 (Airports Act). MWAA, with 1,400 employees, leases Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport from the federal government. In addition to managing the airports, MWAA is responsible for the Dulles Corridor Metrorail Project, which has an estimated cost of $5.8 billion, including $977 million in federal funds. In 2012, DOT appointed a Federal Accountability Officer, who reports directly to the Secretary, to en-sure MWAA follows the DOT Inspector Gen-eral’s (IG) recommendations. 
A 2012 DOT IG report, ‘‘MWAA’s Weak 
Policies and Procedures Have Led to Ques-tionable Procurement Practices, Mismanage-ment, and a Lack of Overall Accountability’’ (Report Number: AV–2013–006) (IG Report), found that ‘‘MWAA’s contracting policies and practices are insufficient to ensure compliance with the Airports Act and the lease agreement between DOT and MWAA.’’ For example, the Airports Act and lease agreement require MWAA to award contracts over $200,000 competitively to the maximum extent prac-ticable. However, the IG Report found that MWAA had recently awarded two-thirds of its contracts exceeding $200,000 with limited competition. The IG Report also noted that MWAA awarded many contracts with no for-mal solicitation. After the IG Report, MWAA immediately took action and has closed out 10 of 12 recommendations and MWAA has adopted as much of the Federal Acquisition Regulations as are applicable to MWAA. Still, there are significant issues sighted in a recent draft DOT IG report on the Office of Audits that virtually mandates greater monitoring. 
A January 15, 2013, Washington Post arti-
cle reported that at least 10 percent of MWAA employees have family members working there, including spouses and children. The IG report also noted that MWAA lacked ‘‘sufficient controls to detect and prevent nepotism.’’ It is clear that changes were imperative and over-due. The lack of transparency and competition on MWAA’s contracts and hiring were incon-sistent with continued ownership of the air-
ports by the federal government, MWAA’s cre-ation by Congress, and the significant federal taxpayer dollars MWAA receives. The IG Re-port’s conclusion that procurement procedures and hiring policies in place were inadequate required a response that definitively fixed these issues. MWAA has updated its policies, and nepotism appears to no longer be a prob-lem. 
A current draft DOT IG report on the Office 
of Audits raises a number of questions regard-ing MWAA’s internal auditing procedures. It finds that there have been no outside reviews of the Office of Audits and that the office has not adopted standards and lacked sufficient oversight. MWAA has responded to this draft report by taking initial steps to restructure the office. MWAA has updated its regulations so that the head of the Office of Audits will now report directly to the Board of Directors as well as the President & CEO. MWAA has also adopted the Institute of Internal Auditors standards, and it is undergoing a national search for a new internal auditor and external auditor. 
The steps MWAA has taken to address the 
findings of the DOT IG are commendable. However, considering the outstanding issues, continuous oversight is essential. To further assist MWAA, I am offering this bill so that DOT will continue to have direct oversight over MWAA and access to audit materials. 
I urge support of this bill. 
f 
ISRAEL’S 67TH INDEPENDENCE 
DAY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the people of Israel as Israel celebrates its 67th anniversary. 
Since its establishment on May 14, 1948, 
Israel has proven itself to be a vibrant democ-racy, one that prioritizes innovation, liberal val-ues and freedom. It is these shared principles that have created the unbreakable bond be-tween the United States and Israel. 
Throughout its existence, the Israeli people 
have faced grave threats from hostile neigh-bors, defending themselves bravely against re-peated terrorist and military attacks. Despite these hardships the Israeli people have not wavered in their commitment to democracy and freedom and have thrived economically, politically, culturally. 
The recent growth in anti-Semitic acts, in-
cluding the attacks this year in Paris and Co-penhagen, are a powerful reminder of why the world needs a safe haven for the Jewish peo-ple. Such threats to the Jewish Diaspora un-derscore the importance of Israel as its own protector, and the moral imperative for the United States to stand by her right to self-de-fense. 
As we celebrate Israel’s Independence Day, 
we also remember those who have fallen in service to their country. I am proud to stand here in celebration of the freedoms that Israel stands for and will continue to ensure that the U.S.-Israel relationship remains strong and bi-partisan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.014 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E572 April 23, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
submit these additional names of Armenians who lost their lives in the Armenian Genocide from 1915 to 1923. We will never forget their names and their stories and we will continue to speak the truth in the face of denial. 
Sarkis Minassian, Dr. Nazaret Daghavarian, 
Dr. Garabed Pashalian Khan, Levon Larents (Kirishjian), Sumpad Purad (Derghazarents), Hampartsoom Hampartsoomian, Parsegh Shahbaz, Ardashes Haroutiunian, Jack Sayabalian (Paylag), Krikor Torosian, Kegham Parseghian, Dikran Cheogurian, Shavarsh Kurisian, Krikor Yesayan, Armen Doryan (Hurchya Soorenian), Aris Israyelian, Mihran Tabakian, Hagop Terzian, Hampartsoom Boyajian (Moorad), Vartkes (Hovhannes Serengulian), Marzbed (Ghazar Ghazarian), Arisdages Kasbarian, Haroutiun G. Jangulian, Sarkis Parseghian (Shameel), Bedros Kalfayan, Haroutiun Kalfayan, Sarkis Suvin (Sungujian), Edwar Beyazian, Hurach (Haig Tirakian), Adom Shahen (Yeritsants), Yenovk Shahen, Nerses Papazian, Nerses Zakarian, Dr. Sdepan Miskjian, Ardzruni (Hagop Avedisian), Sako, Dr. Levon Bardizbanian, Ardashes Semerjian (Torkom), Vramshabooh Arabian, Nerses Shahnoor, Serovpe Noradoongian, Karekin Husian, Mardiros H. Koondakjian, Krikor Armooni, Boghos Tanielian, Megerdich Garabedian, Apraham Hayrigian, Levon Aghababian, Kevork Terjimanian, Dikran Ashkharooni, Kevork Diratsooyan, Mihrtad Haygazn, Rosdom Rosdomian, Vramshabooh Samuelian, Arshag Khazkhazian, Mrgrrdich Sdepanian, Levon Shashian, Paroonag Feroukhan, Onnig Maghazajian, Teodor Mendzigian, Varteres Atanasian, Apig Jambaz, Vahram Altoonian, Yerchanig Aram, Nerses D. Kevorkian, Onnig Srabian, Partogh Zorian, Akrig Kerestejian, Melkon Piosian, Pilibbos Chilinguirian, Haroutiun Konialian, Vahan Jamjian, Haroutiun Kalfaian, Hovhannes Kelejian, Sdepan Kurkjian, Dikran Sarkisian, Barooyr Arzoomanian, Haig Derderian, Mirijan Artinian, Hampartsum Balasan, Vahan Kehiaian, Ardashes Ferahian, Artin Meserlian, Armenag Arakelian, Mihran Pasdurmajian, Neshan Nahabedian, Yeghia Suzigian, Bedros Kurdian, Diran Yerganian, Asadoor Madteosian, Yervant Chavooshian, Hagop Shahbaz, Sarkis Kaligian, Garabed Reyisian, Kevork Kopooshian, Krikor Ohnigian, Aram Ohnigian, Karekin Ohnigian, Hovhannes Keoleian, Dikran Baghdigian, Hovhannes Cheogurian, Paramaz, Dr. Benne Torosian, Aram Achukbashian, Kegham Vanigian, Yervant Topoozian, Roupen Garabedian, Hovhannes Der Ghazarian, Tovmas Tovmasian, Hagop Basmajian, Moorad Zakarian, Megerdich Yeretsian, Karekin Boghosian, Armenag Hampartsoumian, Yeremia Manoogian, Apraham Mooradian, Minas Keshishian, Sumpad Kulujian, Karnig Boyajian, Herand Yegavian, Boghos Boghosian, Herand Aghajanian, Garabed Patoogian, Khoren Khorenian, Amasiatsi Krikor Kayian, Ishkhan Nighoghayos Boghosian with his 4 friends, Vramian Onnig Tertsagian, Ardashes Solakian, Dikran Odian 
(Asso), A. Proodian, Garabed Dantlian, Haygag Yeremishian, Yerookhan (Yervant Srmakeshkhanlian), Tulgadintsi, Prof. Garabed Soghigian, Prof. Megerdich Vorperian, Prof. Hovhannes Boujikanian, Prof. Nigoghos Tenekejian, Prof. Khachadour Nahigian, Prof. Donabed Lulejian, Jirair Hagopian, Hovhannes Dingilian, Hovhannes Aghanigian, Aram Srabian, Armen Onanian, Hovsep Malemezian, Kegham Samuelian, Kapriel Tanielian, Karnig Gosdanian, Hagop Dinjian, Armen Hovagimian, Asadour Jamgochian, Mouradian, Hovhannes Zartarian, Kevork Keleshian, Hagop Shoushanian, Setrag Dulgerian, Aram Dabaghian, Haroutiun Semerjian, Hagop, Hapet, Sarkis Eljanian, Mihran Isbirian, Senekerim Kalyonjian, Moorad Derderian, Garabed Barsamian, Karnig Toughlajian, Manuel Dedeian, Levon Kantarian, Aram Hagopian, Khachadour Grdodian, Michael Frengulian, Roupen Rakoubian, Hampartsoom Blejian, Vahan Husisian, Nazaret Husisian, Bidza, Hemayag Karageozian, Israel Ozanian, Dajad Chebookjian, Levon Karageozian, Hmayag Margosian, Hmaiag Karibian, Ardashig Boornazian, Hagop Boornazian, M. Paroonag Sarksian, Arshag Kizirian, Hovhannes Boghosian, K. Vosgerichian, Antranig Bozajian, Aram Adrouni, Aram Shesheian, Hurach Loosparonian, Megerdich Asdourian, Pilos, Tsitoghtsi Setrag Varjabed, Partogh Odabashian, Kaloosd Garabedian, Vahan Kasbarian, Kevork Zooloomian, Hagop Garabedian, Peniamin Chulghatian, Haroutiun Boshosian, Gorun (Gomsetsi Iso), Megerdich Polaian (Mejo), Vartan Dikran, Armenag Yokhigian, Garabed Jamjian, Karnig Kouyoumjian, Garabed Nevroozian, Hagop Khayelian, Hago Merdinian, Parsegh 
Mootafian, Krikor Kouyoumjian, Sarkis Aghartmajian, Hovhannes Boyajian, Mardiros Zoornajian, Mirijan Yoghourdlashian, Haroutiun Yoghourdlashian, Hagop Sudjian, Garabed Mooradian, Hovhannes Nevshehirlian, Avedis Elmajian, Kevork Turkujian, Hovhannes Boyajian, Hagop Oorganjian, Hagop Yesaian, Hagop Balekjian, Garabed Oozoonoghlian, Ghazer Mayisian, Hagop Kazezian, Hovhannes Zeytoontsian, Hovhannes Tavitian, Sarkis Tooloomjian, Garabed Chiydemian, Vahan Amadouni, Krikor Moumjihanian, Krikor Khacheroogian, Haroutiun Dayian, Asdoor Minasian, Haroutiun Keoleyian, Garabed Aghcharian, Manoog Buchakjian, Hagop Chubookjian, Mihran Guzeian, L. Varzhabedian, Misak Bahanjian, Sarkis Karakezian, Setrag Chechenian, Karnig Shemshian, Hagop Berberian, Sahag Kayserlian, Kevork Vishabian, Vahan Kurkjian, Minas Minassian, Minas Bedrosian, Kevork Jamjian, Vahan Jamjian, Kapriel Kurkjian, Markar Yazejian, Parsegh Kilimlian, Vahan Kehiayan, Krikor Gerekmezian, Hagop Yousoufian, Garabed Yousoufian, Karnig Kavjian, Dedeyan Brothers, Aram Dabanian, Yervant Varteresian, Mardiros Lusararian, Nushan Halajian, Garabed Zambakjian, Hovhannes Ekmekjian, Haroutiun Beojekian, Vahan Chapoutian, Garabed Matosian, Varteres Varteresian, Hagop Bostanjian, Hovhannes Tufenkjian, Dikran Kasabian, Haroutiun Der Megerdichian, Karnig Balekjian, Prof. Arakel Sivaslian, Prof. Hovhannes Hagopian, Gagig Ozanian, Prof. Arshag Daghlian, Prof. Hovhannes Arozian, Garabed Kojaian, Parsegh Endelebian, Nushan Yenijelian, Hovhannes Momjian, Ardem 
Gorgodian, Prof. Jessy Matossian, Prof. Lootfi Babigian, Hovhannes Hasurjian, Prof. Arshag Roomian, Hovhannes Kazanjian, Dikran Temurian, Avedis Khudurian, Noorijan Noorijanian, Yegho, Hagop Aghaser, Tovmas Jelalian, Senekerim Bonjooklian, Minas Ipekjian, Manoog Tanielian, N. Evranian, G. Churakian, Kar Gozigian, Arshag Papazian, Vahakn Datevian, Ashoogh Shahnazar, Kerovpe Gulbengian, Sdepan Nalbandian, Dr. Hagop Hovhannesian, Ardashes Der Sdepanian, Vartan Misirian, Arakel Abroyan, Garabed Taniel, Berj Taniel, Melki Khanzetian, Sooren Harootyiunian, Garabed Sivrisarian, Zinvor Mardig, Siragan Papazian, Alexan Haroutiunian, Sdepan Akchaian, N. Markarian, M. Bartunlian, S. Lazian, K. Paplian, Sarkis Khozaian, Hovhannes Khosaian, Nazaret Tashjian, Mihran Tashjian, Garabed Zadigian, Hayotsian, Garabed, Shmavon, Mihran Kiremidjian, Bedros, Minas, Krikor Sumpadian, Bedros Genjian, Boghos Gegenozian, Hovhannes Mooradian, Khachig Mardigosian, Hampartsoom Isheian, Siragan Stamboltsian, Iskender Tasamkian, Hagop Bijoyan, Garabed Lezian, Hayrabed Balukjian, Hovhannes Varjabedian, Simonig Seferian, Misak Semerian, A. Khanjian, Onnig Baltayan, A. Nalbandian, H. Kapoojian, Karnig Pekmezian, Toros Pekmezian, S. Dingilian, L. Dingilian, L. Lootfiyan. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COMMISSIONER 
PETE WHEELER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I pay tribute to an outstanding civic leader and public servant of Georgia, Commissioner Pete Wheeler, longtime leader of the Georgia Department of Veterans Service (GDVS). Commissioner Wheeler passed away on Tues-day, April 21, 2015. A funeral service will be held on Sunday, April 26, 2015 at 2:00 p.m. at Decatur First United Methodist Church in De-catur, Georgia. 
A Georgia man through and through, Pete 
Wheeler was a proud graduate of the Univer-sity of Georgia and an attorney, admitted to the State Bar of Georgia in 1949. He served our nation with honor and distinction in the U.S. Army during World War II. In 1950, he joined the Georgia National Guard. He retired in 1978 with the rank of Brigadier General. 
Pete Wheeler joined the Georgia Depart-
ment of Veterans Service in 1949 as Director of the Education Division. In 1951, he was named Assistant Director of the Department. In 1954, he was appointed as the depart-ment’s director but the title was later changed to Georgia Commissioner of Veterans Service. His strong and effective leadership was widely noted, for he was reappointed fifteen times and remained in charge up to his passing. 
For 66 years, Commissioner Wheeler acted 
as a voice for Georgia veterans and worked tirelessly to advocate on behalf of these na-tional heroes who sacrificed so much to safe-guard our cherished liberties. 
Shortly after his appointment as director of 
the GDVS, Commissioner Wheeler joined the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.015 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E573 April 23, 2015 
effort to recognize Veterans Day as a new 
federal holiday. He was named Georgia Chair-man of the National Veterans Day Committee and partnered with then-Governor of Georgia, Herman Talmadge, to arrange a formal cere-mony for the signing of the proclamation de-claring the new holiday in Georgia. This cere-mony became a tradition in the state that is still honored today. Due to a decline in health, 2014 marked the first year that Commissioner Wheeler was unable to attend but he certainly was there in spirit. 
In 1966, in response to the needs of the first 
veterans returning from the Vietnam War, as well as those of their families and survivors, Commissioner Wheeler created the Super-market of Veterans Benefits, a one-day infor-mational event aiming to gather local, state, and federal agencies that provide services to veterans. The event was so successful that it became an annual signature event of the GDVS and has been replicated throughout the country. 
In 1994, Commissioner Wheeler was ap-
pointed Chairman of the National World War II Memorial Advisory Board by President Bill Clinton, serving until the memorial’s dedication by President George W. Bush in 2004. He served as a past president of the National As-sociation of State Directors of Veterans Affairs and was a life member of the American Le-gion, DAV, and AMVETS. 
The Georgia General Assembly issued a 
resolution in 1998 renaming the state’s war veterans memorial complex in Atlanta, Geor-gia as the ‘‘Pete Wheeler Georgia War Vet-erans Memorial Complex.’’ The complex in-cludes memorials to Georgia veterans from the Spanish-American War through Desert Storm/Desert Shield. Earlier this year, Com-missioner Wheeler approved the design for the next addition, a memorial honoring those killed in Iraq and Afghanistan, which will be dedicated on May 20, 2015. 
On a personal note, Commissioner Pete 
Wheeler was a close friend of mine. I have truly been blessed by his friendship, counsel and inspiration throughout the years. 
Commissioner Wheeler has accomplished 
much in his life but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of his family. His wife of 59 years, Geraldine, and one daughter, Jane, preceded him in death. Mourning his memory and rejoicing his life are 
his daughter, Francis and son-in-law, Mark; son, Peter and daughter-in-law, Debbie; son- in-law, John; and six grandchildren, Matthew, Joshua, Joanna, Alex, Charles, and Jonathan. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 730,000 residents of the Second Congressional District and veterans all across Georgia, salute Commissioner Pete Wheeler for his outstanding public service and his everlasting commitment to improving the quality of life for our veterans. I ask my col-leagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest condolences to Commissioner Wheeler’s family and friends during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. HONORING HAROLD W. M
CGRAW III 
HON. CHRISTOPHER P. GIBSON 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Harold W. McGraw III on his upcoming retire-ment from the board of directors of McGraw Hill Financial, the company that his great- grandfather founded in 1888. 
Known to his friends as Terry, he joined the 
company in 1980, holding a number of leader-ship positions before being named chief exec-utive officer in 1998—the third McGraw to hold that position. 
During his tenure as CEO, Terry led the 
company’s transformation from education and publishing into a credit ratings, benchmarks and portfolio-based company, with best-in- class brands that include Standard & Poor’s, 
Platts and J.D. Power. 
Though he retired as CEO in 2013, Terry 
remains active in the global business commu-nity and is a well-known voice in various key economic fields. In addition to chairing the International Chamber of Commerce, the U.S. Trade Representatives’ Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations, and the U.S. Council for International Business and the Emergency Committee for American Trade, Terry also is a former Chairman of the Business Roundtable and the U.S.-India Busi-ness Council. He serves as a member of the board of directors of United Technologies and of Phillips 66, chairman of the Emergency Committee for American Trade (ECAT), and a member of the Business Council. 
The company has always been a fixture in 
the New York City philanthropic community and, under Terry’s leadership, employees have donated countless volunteer hours for causes and programs around the city. This has included everything from park clean-ups with the New York Restoration Project to read-ing to underserved elementary school children as part of the Read Ahead partnership. The company has provided scores of grants to arts and cultural venues as well. 
Terry has devoted himself personally to sev-
eral programs with which he has particularly deep relationships. He greatly increased cor-porate support—and personal contributions— to the New York Public Library, where he also serves as a Trustee. He continued the long tradition of McGraw family and company sup-port for Hartley House, a nonprofit community center serving the Hell’s Kitchen neighborhood of New York City. Terry also initiated the com-pany’s partnership with the South Bronx-based Morris High School Educational Campus, tak-ing an active personal interest in the school by meeting and mentoring its students, speaking at events and launching an annual scholarship program. 
Mr. Speaker, Terry McGraw has distin-
guished himself throughout his career as a skilled and savvy businessman, as well as a generous and civic-minded philanthropist. I ask my colleagues to support me in congratu-lating him on his countless achievements dur-ing a remarkable career. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Ar-menian Genocide. 
This year marks one hundred years since 
the tragedy of the Armenian Genocide. A sys-tematic campaign of genocide against the Ar-menian people at the hands of the Ottoman Empire. What began with the killing of 300 Ar-menian leaders resulted in the deaths of one and a half million people and the forced exile of another 500,000. 
It is often said that those who cannot re-
member the past are condemned to repeat it, which is why each year I call on the President to officially acknowledge this terrible chapter of history by using the word ’’genocide.’’ In a re-cent Detroit News article, a local resident said this, ‘‘The fact that 100 years later you still have to explain and prove that what happened to your ancestors was a premeditated crime on a massive scale really incurs a lot of pain for all Armenians.’’ 
In my home state of Michigan, 11,000 peo-
ple of Armenian descent reside and may lead-ing organizations have organized commemo-rative events leading up to April 24th. I have had the honor to attend many events at St. John’s Armenian Church in Southfield where there stands a memorial which contains the remains of a genocide victim. We are also proud that the only Armenian research center attached to an American university is at the University of Michigan-Dearborn where the Center documents the Armenian genocide and current Armenian issues. 
I am always pleased to co-sponsor Con-
gressional resolutions that shed light on the true nature of this ethnic extermination, and honor its victims and survivors. On the 100th Anniversary, I recall with deep sorrow the sto-ries passed down through families of death marches, labor camps, entire families wiped out, years of slavery, massacre, and starva-tion. 
I respectfully request that all my colleagues 
join me today in honoring the victims and sur-vivors of the Armenian Genocide. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENO-CIDE 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 100th anniversary of the start of the Armenian Genocide. 
In 1915, the Ottoman Empire orchestrated a 
murderous campaign that resulted in the death of 1.5 million Armenian men, women, and chil-dren, and forced hundreds of thousands into exile. Growing up in the land of William Sa-royan, I learned the stories of this tragic time from the sons and daughters of survivors time and time again. Refusal to accurately recog-nize this crime against humanity as genocide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.010 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E574 April 23, 2015 
hurts both the Armenian people and the Amer-
ican people. 
In the Central Valley, Fresno State Univer-
sity has designated April 24 as Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day. The unveiling of the Armenian Genocide Monument, the first of its kind on a U.S. college campus, will take place later today at my alma mater and I know that this memorial will serve as a somber re-minder of the devastating violence committed against the Armenian people for generations to come. 
Achieving peace today requires recognizing 
the dark parts of our history and moving for-ward to find a place of understanding and co-operation. It is my hope that Turkey grasps what President Obama has referred to as the burden of unresolved history and takes this important first step in recognizing what is widely referred to as the first genocide of the twentieth century. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to join me in recognizing the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. Acknowledging this atrocity would finally allow a fair, just, and comprehensive international resolution of this crime against humanity. It is time for Congress to end the silence and stand up for the Armenian people. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
submit these additional names of Armenians who lost their lives in the Armenian Genocide from 1915 to 1923. We will never forget their names and their stories and we will continue to speak the truth in the face of denial. 
Minas Keoleyan, Herand Arabian, Azniv & 
Onnig Filipelian, Kapriel Mozigian, Lapajian fa-ther & son, Sinem Shamamian and son Bedros, Minas Fendeklian, H. Oozoonian, Mihran Lootfian, H. Yazejian, S. Hisian, M. Khanjian, Aram Kamboorian, G. Ebeyian, K. Andonian, S. Mechigian, Puzand Morookian, Karnig Pachajian, Garabed Pachajian, Sarim Kulujian, Eduar Beyazian, H. Lootfian, Armenag Lootfian, Tevonian, Sukias Dulgerian, Herand Asdvadzadoorian, Hagop Garakian, Melkon Hovsepian, Zareh Kochian, Dr. Maksood Apigian, Dr. Azadian, Dr. Sarkis Azoyan, Dr. Nushan Ajemian, Dr. Surdash Arslanian, Dr. Levon Arslanian, Dr. Levon Torkom Partoghian, Dr. Vahan Kavajian, Dr. Mike Karageozian, Dr. Minas Yarmaian, Dr. Elmasian, Dr. Eminian, Dr. Hagop Tajirian, Dr. Minas Tulbendjian, Dr. H. Terzian, Dr. Vosgan Topalian, Dr. Norayr Khachadourian, Dr. Karekin Ipranosian, Dr. Esgi Denek Madentsi, Dr. Krikor Gulbenkian, Dr. Dikran Halajian, Dr. Levon Lootfi Halebian, Dr. Haroutiun Halvajian, Dr. A. Hayranian, Dr. Boghos Hisarlian, Dr. Vahan Ghazarian, Dr. Ghazaros Kharpertzi, Dr. Jeljelian, Dr. Manuelian, Dr. Melkisetegian, Dr. Sarkis Momjian, Dr. Hagop, Dr. Toros Nazlian, Dr. Nushan Nahigian, Dr. H. Nazlian, Dr. Souren Nushanian, Dr. Nerses Shahbazlian, Dr. Anigdos Chobanian, Dr. Misak Baghdasarian, Dr. B. Baghdasarian, Dr. Toros Babigian, Dr. Nushan Bakalian, Dr. Sarkis Sertelian, Dr. Armenag Seraydarian, 
Dr. Baghdasar Vartanian, Dr. Haroutiun Vezneian, Dr. Khachig Der Manuelian, Dr. Nushan Der Vahramian, Dr. H. Donigian, Dr. Boghos Palabuyukian, Dr. Misak Panossian, Dr. H. Keshishian, Dr. Mihran Altunian, Dr. M. Albertian, Dr. H. Achbahian, Dr. Peniamin, Dr. Haigazoon Tabibian, Dr. Levon Yegavian, Dr. Nushan Ghonchegulian, Dr. Manoog, Dr. Nushan Mughigian, Dr. Sumpad, Dr. Paroonag Ajemian, Dr. Armenag, Dr. Proodian, Dr. H. Kooyoomjian, Dr. Kratlian, Dr. Simon Koyoonian, Dr. Yetvart Tashjian, Dr. Khachadoor Torkomian, Dr. Haroutiun Lootfian, Dr. Norayr Khachadourian, Dr. Karekin Gurjian, Dr. Kevork Gurjian, Dr. Yeghiazar Mesiaian, Dr. Vahan Shidanian, Dr. Khachig Saraydarian, Dr. Dikran Saraydarian, Dr. Sarkis, Dr. Hagop Sarigian, Dr. Sebooh, Dr. Kasbar Srabian, Dr. Vahan Vartanian, Dr. Puzand Derbabian, Dr. M. Der Sdepanian, Dr. Levon Panossian, Dr. Yeghishe Papanian, Dr. Khachig Pasdermajian, Dr. Hagop Kenderian, Dr. Khosrov Keshishian, Maldjian Family, Aintablian Family, Zarouhi Magarian, Rahel Demirjian, Raffael Der-Tovmasyan, Levon Aharonian, Aharon Aharonian, Altoon Aharonian, Haygaz Simonian, Hagop Beloian, Hagop Beloian, Yetvart Jamgochian, Vergeen Tashjian, Verone Bedrosian, Smbat Byurat DerGhazarian, Zumgroot DerGhazarian, Zartar Arakelian, Maryam Kazarian, Hovanness Yeretzian, Marian Shekerdemian, Vartan Yeretzian, Kevork Vichabian, Simon Simonyan, Zmrookht Simonyan, Mariam Simonyan, Haroutyun Papazian, Zakaria Minassian, Garabed Jingozian, Zakaria Minassian, Krikor Papazian, Baghdassar Karibian, Mary Meuguerditchian-Apelian, Zakar Ovoian, Hambardzum Khulyan, Suren Hakobyan, Azatuhi Hakobyan, Vostan 
Baghallian, Simon Hovhannesi Achikgiozian, Hripsime Aghvinian, Hovhanes Aghvinian, Ester Maghakian, Boghos Maghakian, Maghak Maghakian, Mkhoyan Asatur, Hripsime Maghakian, Srpuhi Mkrtchyan, Assadour Assadourian, Yeva Hovhannessian, Ghazaros Medzoian, Sargsian Tigran, Loosatsin Medzoian, Araxi Fundukian, Zaven Fundukian, Mariam Aroushian, Sarkis Aroushian, Gadarine Fundukian, Anahid Fundukian, Elmast Medzigian, Khachig Fundukian, Hagop Fundukian, Khassig Fundukian, Eva Fundukian, Melkon Medzigian, Ludwig Medzigian, Verjin Medzigian, Ara Medzigian, Hovannes Altibarmakian, Horop Anoushian, Zakaryan Nerses, Grigor Zohrap, Movses Deirmendjian, Hovaness Toutikian, Maritsa Kyulehyan, Tadevos Karapetyan, Khatchador Boyajian, Shimavon Donoyan, Anna Donoyan, Avedis Chaparian, Sirak Keshishian, Mardiros Toutikian, Abraham Toutikian, Hovannes Knajian, Armenouhi Toutikian, Harout Knajian, Lucya Knajian, Christeen Ter Stepanian, Avak Mouradian, Papken Toumaian, Hagop Kalbakian, Aram Jermakyan, Garabed Kaloustian, Sarkis Dadoyan, Elisabeth Partamian, Nazareth Partamian, Ovsanna Kayayan, Marna Banerian, Onnig Khachigian, Elmonig Khachigian, Onnig Khachaturian, Stepan Khachigian, Elize Avakian, Zabel Avakian, Arousiag Avakian, Setrag Avakian, Mgrditch Tashjian, Boghos Mkhitarian, Iskouhi Gabrielian, Aregnaz Markaryan, Missak Mozian, Haroutyun Sarkissian, Santoukht Mozian Ansoorian, Mikael Ansoorian, Yeghia Sarkissian, Khazaros Charchian, Mihran Berberian, Haganoush Tarpinian, Megerdich Sarafian, George Chelabian, Hakop Ter- 
Saakyan, Tatos Moloian, Mikael Khachetoorian, Hamparsoum Borzakian, Mesrob Der Mesrobian, Marta Avakian, Karnig Tomassian, Gayane Kazarian, Dikran Kazarian, Ararat Kazarian, Shoushanig Donegian, Haroutune Oknayan, Hagop Parsaghian, Niko Zakarian, Mariam Kouyoumjian, Kevork Mardirossian, Hripsime Mardirossian, Kevork Mardirossian, Makrouhie Oknayan, Khachik Oknayan, Hagop Oknayan, Mihran Oknayan, Manuk Oknayan, Asvadzadour Oknayan, Marie Oknayan, Mousheg Khodjhumyan, Jovannes Kabbendjian, Krakow Ouzounian, Edward Bozajian, Manouk Gasparian, Gazaros Tombulyan, Sarkis Gasparian, Ibrahim Louseian, Ann Gasparian, Ibrahim Lousean, Davit Gezalian, Yegisabet Gezalian, Hrand Mikoyan, Minas Chatalian, Mariam Chatalian, Yestare Bedrossian, Rosa Jeboghlian, Marie Balian, Mikael Tarkanian, Alton Derderian, Esksa. Derderian, Mihran Tarkanian, Vartan Dakessian, Levon Guevoghlanian, Boghos Grikorian, Hovanes Minasyan, Gevorg Minasyan, Matevos Matilyan, Simon Kelian, Hovannes Terterian, Haji Teyrekian, Ahavni Biricikyan, Avetis Martirosyan, Ocean Movsesian, Krikor Gureghian, Paul DerBoghosian, Sahag DerBoghosian, Tigran Trchunyan, Tirhouhi Kara-Sarkissian, Gevork Kara-Sarkissian, Armen Kara-Sarkissian, Aram Kara-Sarkissian, Alexan Tavitian, Armine Pagoumian, Vartan Balikian, Margaret Madoian, Miriam Madoian, Hatchig Madoian, Pusant Madoian, Maghta Gevorgian, Barsegh Karapetyan, Osanna Madoian, Atoyan Maria- Magdalena, Stepan Arvanyan, Haroutune Bozghourdian, Ghazaros Baldjian, Sanasar Hovhannisyan, Eriya Amirian, Armenag Zeytounsian, Toros Agha Chaghlassian, Hovsep Najarian, Stephen Minasian, Haykandukht Mheryan, Hagop Melkonian, Christaphor Mheryhan, Nerses Mheryhan, Serop Manjikian, Sarkis Kurkdjian Senior, Tigran Zarookian, Zarouhi Alachanian, Mardiros Djambazian, Anahid Der Parseghian, Zaruhi Caroglanian, Asadour Daldabanian, Krikor Daldabanian, Arshagul Artinian, Krikor Artinian, Vaxho Simonyan, Haroutyun Tatikyan, Kurken Parseghian, Mihran Sabonjian, Vahan Kazezian, Mariam Kazezian, Yebrakseh Kazezian, Krikor Sabonjian, Nazar Guyujyan, Razmik Palandjyan, Mari Guyujyan, Krikor Gokpanossian, Panos Trashian, Goar Akopova, Anoush Kulafian, Vartouhy Kulafian, Ohannes Hagopian, Hagop Hagopian, Jirair Demirjian, Suqias Nuroyan, Matevos Sachyan, Hnazand Sachyan, Samson Khachatryan, Mariam Khachatryan. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ISRAELI 
INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the State of Israel in celebration of the 67th anniversary of the declaration of its inde-pendence. Israel was founded and declared an independent state on April 14, 1948, mo-ments before the British Mandate was due to end. From that point on in history, Israel has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.013 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E575 April 23, 2015 
had to face many challenges that threaten the 
free and democratic nation. Under the admin-istration of President Harry Truman and min-utes after its independence, the United States found in Israel a friend and an ally. 
From the beginning of its history as an inde-
pendent state, Israel has had to face and overcome constant challenges to its freedom of speech, religion, press, and to its democ-racy. Israelis have had to fight for the strengthening of their independence and their advancement as a global state. Despite con-stantly being threatened by turmoil from bor-dering regions, Israel has been able to flourish and become a global leader in scientific re-search and medical advancements, and a model to the world for its economic stability. 
Today, we celebrate the 67th anniversary of 
the declaration of independence of the State of Israel. We celebrate that Israel has been able to stand strong and thrive against all ad-versity. For this, I would like to commend the State of Israel for its tremendous accomplish-ments while fighting for the peace and free-dom of an independent state. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KAREN RATZOW 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to recognize the tremendous work of Karen Ratzow who has been on detail with the House Agriculture Appropriations Sub-committee for the past year. Karen has been detailed to the Subcommittee from the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service’s Budget Office. Karen has not only been invaluable to the Subcommittee’s work this past year, but she has been diligent, had a tremendous work ethic, and very knowledgeable of the budget process. Karen is always eager to volunteer and lend a hand to whatever task may be needed. She quickly became an integral part of the team and she will certainly be missed. 
I want to thank Karen for her outstanding 
work and for her dedication to agriculture in the United States of America. She is a great example of the kind of public servant we should all strive to be. 
As her detail comes to a close, we want to 
wish her well. We look forward to working with her when she returns to her previous role at USDA. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF QUINCY 
BROWN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Quincy Brown, an out-standing actor, producer, photographer, direc-tor, singer, model, philanthropist, and co- founder of FourXample Productions. Quincy will be honored at the premiere of his new movie, Brotherly Love, on Friday, April 24, 2015 at Carmike Hollywood Connections Ritz 13 in Columbus, Georgia. The son of actress and model, Kim Porter, 
and New Jack Swing singer, Al B. Sure, and the stepson of singer and producer, Sean ‘‘Diddy’’ Combs, Quincy grew up in Columbus, Georgia and was educated in the Muscogee County School District. He is the grandson of the late Sarah Porter and great-grandson of Ms. Lila Star, the owner of the renowned Royal Cafe ´in Columbus. 
Notwithstanding his lineage, Quincy has 
made a name for himself in the entertainment industry. At just 23 years of age, Quincy is a mini-mogul himself. In 2012, Quincy released his debut single, ‘‘Stay Awhile,’’ featuring Kendre. In 2013, he followed up with another single, ‘‘The First Thing,’’ which he co-wrote. 
Now Quincy is both behind and in front of the camera with his FourXample Production crew, recently wrapping up his directorial debut of singer Elle Winter’s music video, ‘‘No Words,’’ which features Quincy’s brother, Christian Combs. 
Moreover, Quincy just premiered his new 
single, ‘‘Friends First,’’ featuring rapper French Montana. The single has already hit number 1 on the Billboard ‘‘Trending Social’’ chart. Quin-cy’s new album, 1948, is slated for release this year. 
Even at his young age, Quincy recognizes 
the importance of giving back to the commu-nity. He coordinated the first annual Celebrity Kickball Charity Event and the First Annual Celebrity Flag Football Charity Event with singer Chris Brown, which brought together a host of entertainers and celebrities. Quincy has given much to his charity of choice, Best Buddies, an organization dedicated to creating employment opportunities and leadership de-velopment for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. 
At 23, Quincy has already lived more than 
many people two or three times his age. He pursues each and every idea and passion, striving to connect with people from all walks of life and seeking to live life to the very full-est. Yet, as he achieves stardom, he never forgets the people, places, or comforts of his home—Columbus, Georgia. 
Mr. Speaker, I have long said that in our 
area of Middle and Southwest Georgia, we have some of the best, the brightest, the most creative, and the most talented young people anywhere in the world. And Quincy Brown proves that beyond the shadow of a doubt! His industrious perseverance and steadfast commitment to his goals set a magnificent ex-ample for the young men and women who look up to him as a role model. We are sure to see even more great things from Quincy Brown in the future. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in recognizing Quincy Brown for his remarkable accomplishments as an entertainer and for his generous heart and humble spirit as a philanthropist. 
f 
ROHINGYA CRISIS CONTINUES IN 
BURMA 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to bring to the attention of my colleagues a new report about the perilous reality facing the 
daily lives of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Burma, also known as Myanmar. The report, The Rohingya Crisis and the Risk of Atrocities in Myanmar: An ASEAN Challenge and Call to Action, was published by the ASEAN Parlia-mentarians for Human Rights and describes the continuing persecution of the Rohingya in Burma. Along with my friend and colleague, Congressman J
OEPITTS, in our positions as 
the Co-Chairs of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, we sent a letter to the Chairman of the ASEAN parliamentarians for Human Rights, the Honorable Malaysian Member of Parliament Charles Santiago, ex-pressing how we share their concerns regard-ing the continuing human rights abuses per-petrated against the Rohingya people of Burma. Last year, the 113th Congress passed H. Res. 418, ‘‘urging the Government of Burma to end the persecution of the Rohingya people and to respect internationally recog-nized human rights for all ethnic and religious minority groups within Burma.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to submit the letter 
to Chairman Santiago, the press release from the ASEAN Parliamentarians for Human Rights describing their report, and the Execu-tive Summary and Call to Action of the report. 
I urge all my colleagues to review this report 
and continue to advocate on behalf of the human rights and basic human dignity of the Rohingya people of Burma. 
TOMLANTOS , 
HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION , 
April 21, 2015. 
Hon. C HARLES SANTIAGO , 
Member of Parliament, Malaysia, Chairman, 
ASEAN Parliamentarians for Human Rights, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SANTIAGO : As Co-Chairs of 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission of the United States Congress, we are writing to congratulate you on the release of your report, ‘‘The Rohingya Crisis and the Risk of Atrocities in Myanmar’’. We share your con-cerns with the situation in Burma (Myanmar) and appreciate the initiative of ASEAN Parliamentarians for Human Rights to shed light on these disturbing develop-ments and call for action to address them. We are eager to review the report and bring it to the attention of the U.S. Congress and the American people by sharing it with our colleagues and formally entering it into the Congressional Record. 
The Tom Lantos Human Rights Commis-
sion shares your vision of standing up for abuses of human rights wherever they may occur. We have held hearings and briefings in the U.S. Congress and have worked closely with civil society organizations to bring fur-ther attention to the particularly egregious abuses against minorities by the Govern-ment of Burma. Last year, we introduced and passed a Congressional Resolution, H. Res. 418 ‘‘Urging the Government of Burma to end the persecution of the Rohingya peo-ple and respect internationally recognized human rights for all ethnic and religious mi-nority groups within Burma.’’ 
We appreciate your leadership on this im-
portant issue and your commitment to ad-vancing human rights within ASEAN. We would be pleased to work with you and other elected officials who are committed to the advancement of human rights to address the escalating human rights crisis facing the Rohingya in Burma. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES P. M CGOVERN , 
Member of Congress, 
Co-Chair TLHRC . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.014 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E576 April 23, 2015 
JOSEPH R. P ITTS, 
Member of Congress, 
Co-Chair TLHRC . 
PARLIAMENTARIANS CALL ON ASEAN L EADERS  
TOADDRESS THE ROHINGYA CRISIS AND THE  
ESCALATING RISK OF ATROCITY CRIMES IN  
MYANMAR  
KUALA LUMPUR .—ASEAN leaders must ur-
gently respond to the escalating crisis situa-tion for Rohingya Muslims and other vulner-able minorities in Myanmar, ASEAN Parlia-mentarians for Human Rights (APHR) said today in a public call on regional govern-ments on the eve of the 26th ASEAN Sum-mit. 
In an open letter to ASEAN heads of state, 
the collective of parliamentarians called for greater recognition of the serious threat the continued persecution of the Rohingya mi-nority represents not only to Myanmar, but to all of ASEAN. APHR also called for an independent investigation into the growing crisis and the deployment of ASEAN mon-itors in the lead up to elections scheduled for later this year. 
‘‘The growing risk of atrocity crimes in 
Myanmar represents a direct threat to ASEAN nations, both because of the security risks and economic strains it poses for all ASEAN member states, and because it un-dermines our shared commitment to pro-tecting all people from persecution and vio-lence,’’ said Charles Santiago, APHR’s Chair-person and a member of the Malaysian Par-liament. 
‘‘We are standing on the precipice of a 
great tragedy. ASEAN as a grouping as well as individual national leaders have the re-sponsibility, both morally and under inter-national law, to act to prevent atrocity crimes and crimes against humanity from taking place.’’ 
APHR MPs travelled in early April to 
Myanmar to see the situation first hand and were alarmed by the proliferation of hate speech and extremist language that the state is turning a blind eye to. 
The findings of that mission, combined 
with further long-term independent research by established human rights organizations, were compiled into the APHR report, The Rohingya Crisis and the Risk of Atrocities in Myanmar: An ASEAN Challenge and Call to Action, released today. The report highlights the deteriorating situation for Myanmar’s already vulnerable minorities and the esca-lating risk of atrocity crimes. 
‘‘Our delegation identified several trou-
bling signs of anti-Muslim rhetoric and broader incitement to violence, which are likely to increase in the lead up to elec-tions,’’ the parliamentarians wrote in their open letter to ASEAN leaders. 
‘‘There is no possible conclusion other 
than that the Myanmar government is at best allowing and at worst encouraging this very dangerous and systematic persecution of Rohingya and other religious and ethnic minorities, in direct contravention of inter-national human rights laws,’’ Santiago added. 
APHR’s report analyzes current dynamics 
based on indicators included in the UN Framework for Analysis of Atrocity Crimes, including specific indicators of the risk of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide. 
Among the indicators in the case of 
Myanmar is the intense discrimination and persecution of Rohingya. As the report de-tails, Rohingya face severe restrictions on all aspects of daily life in their native Rakhine State. Tens of thousands still live in IDP camps more than two years after deadly inter-communal violence, and thou-sands more have fled by sea—often at the mercy of human traffickers. U Shwe Maung, a Rohingya member of 
Myanmar’s parliament, declared that, ‘‘the situation is already dire, and I fear what is coming may be much worse. The unwilling-ness of many in Myanmar to even recognize the word ‘Rohingya’ is particularly trou-bling.’’ 
The report also highlights concerning indi-
cators for other minority populations in the country, including widening anti-Muslim sentiment throughout Myanmar and per-sistent human rights abuses perpetrated by the Myanmar Army with impunity against ethnic minority groups in Kachin and north-ern Shan States. 
The report and open letter represent a col-
lective call to action for ASEAN leaders to prioritize the issue at the upcoming ASEAN Summit and future meetings and to take other measures to combat the crisis. 
‘‘ASEAN’s leaders have a role to play in 
mitigating the risk of atrocity crimes in Myanmar,’’ said Irine Yusiana Roba, a mem-ber of parliament from Indonesia. ‘‘Working through existing regional mechanisms, in-cluding the ASEAN Intergovernmental Com-mission on Human Rights, they can strengthen their response. But it must begin with a recognition that the issue impacts all of us and deserves to be prioritized.’’ 
In appreciation of the need for a coordi-
nated international response, the co-chairs of the U.S. House of Representatives’ Human Rights Commission sent a letter to APHR congratulating its members on the report’s release and expressing interest in working with them to address the crisis facing Rohingya in Myanmar. 
As the report concludes: ‘‘APHR will re-
main focused on the escalating crisis and de-termined to draw the attention and action of ASEAN’s leaders.’’ Parliamentarians are committed to continuing their push for ac-tion, working with allies around the globe, including members of the U.S. Congress, to secure a robust response to the crisis. 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  
The longstanding persecution of the 
Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar has led to the highest outflow of asylum seekers by sea since the U.S. war in Vietnam. Human rights violations against Rohingya have re-sulted in a regional human trafficking epi-demic, and there have been further abuses against Rohingya upon their arrival in other Southeast Asian countries. 
This protracted culture of abuse threatens 
Myanmar’s political transition, puts strains on regional economies, and supports the rise of extremist ideologies that pose potential security threats throughout the region. On-going human rights abuses against Rohingya pose a threat to regional peace and security and must end. 
Broader anti-Muslim rhetoric and violence 
has also flared up in locations across Myanmar in recent years. These incidents, as well as ongoing abuses against ethnic mi-nority groups throughout the country pose similar risks for Myanmar and the Associa-tion of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). 
In April 2015, ASEAN Parliamentarians for 
Human Rights (APHR), an organization of members of parliament from several ASEAN countries, conducted a fact-finding mission in Myanmar. APHR is deeply concerned about the current dynamics there and how they affect the region and the broader global community. APHR is equally concerned with the failure of ASEAN nations to adequately respond. 
Critical national elections in Myanmar are 
slated for the end of 2015. APHR has found an alarmingly high risk of atrocities against Rohingya, other Muslims, and other ethnic minority groups in the lead up to the elec-tion. These risks constitute a regional con-
cern, not only due to potential cross-border spillover effects, but also because ASEAN member states share a moral responsibility to take all possible measures to prevent the commission of atrocities within ASEAN. 
Despite these troubling realities, the 
Rohingya issue remains conspicuously ab-sent from the agenda of the ASEAN Summit. ASEAN and other global leaders ignore these dynamics at their own peril. The Rohingya crisis and broader animosity toward other Muslims and ethnic minorities in Myanmar are not just a Myanmar problem—they are an ASEAN problem. 
Nearly every common risk factor for atroc-
ity crimes identified in the United Nations’ Framework of Analysis for Atrocity Crimes is present in Myanmar today This report draws upon APHR’s collective knowledge to analyze the situation in Myanmar within the context of this United Nations’ Framework. Based on this analysis, it is clear that there is a high risk of ongoing atrocity crimes in Myanmar in 2015 and beyond. 
CALL TO ACTION  
The crises in Myanmar, including the per-
secution of Rohingya, anti-Muslim violence, and systematic abuses against other ethnic minorities, are not only a problem for Myanmar, they are a problem for all of ASEAN. The risk factors and specific indica-tors enumerated in this report, including those for war crimes, crimes against human-ity, and genocide, demonstrate a high risk of atrocity crimes in Myanmar in the year ahead. Such crimes threaten to undermine the human rights standards and common dignity of ASEAN citizens. They also threat-en to spill over borders and affect the eco-nomic and physical security of neighboring countries. 
APHR will remain focused on the esca-
lating crisis and determined to draw the at-tention and action of ASEAN’s leaders. This report is more than a detailed listing of warning signs. It also represents a call to ac-tion to prevent the further escalation and perpetration of atrocity crimes that will af-fect Myanmar and the entire region. 
We call upon ASEAN’s leaders to take the 
following actions: 
Recognize the escalating crisis in Rakhine 
State and the plight of Rohingya as a serious danger to both Myanmar and ASEAN by prioritizing the issue in Summit meetings. 
Conduct an independent investigation of 
conditions and risks of increased violence and displacement in Myanmar, as well as as-sociated risks to ASEAN, including greater refugee flows to countries like Malaysia and Thailand. 
Expand the mandate of the ASEAN Inter-
governmental Commission on Human Rights (AICHR) to include country visits, inquiries, complaints, and emergency protection mech-anisms, and ensure adequate independence and staffing support for its members. Engage AICHR to conduct a follow-up investigation into the Rohingya crisis. 
Deploy ASEAN monitors well ahead of the 
Myanmar elections to observe and report on the Rohingya crisis and broader anti-Muslim and ethnic minority dynamics. 
Utilize existing mechanisms in ASEAN, 
such as the ASEAN Troika, AICHR, the of-fice of the ASEAN Secretary General, and the role of the ASEAN Chair, to respond ap-propriately to humanitarian crises in mem-ber states in accordance with the principles of the ASEAN Charter and the ASEAN Dec-laration on Human Rights. 
Commit to protecting those fleeing the cri-
sis in Rakhine State, including by granting prima facie refugee status to Rohingya and providing the UN refugee agency with unfet-tered access to asylum seekers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.017 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E577 April 23, 2015 
Ratify the 1951 Refugee Convention. 
Strengthen and expand the mandate of the 
ASEAN Commission on the Promotion and Protection of the Rights of Women and Chil-dren (ACWC) to help combat threats to wom-en’s rights, including those presented by the ‘‘Protection of Race and Religion Bills’’ and other Myanmar government policies that re-strict rights, particularly for ethnic and reli-gious minority women. 
Call upon the Myanmar government to ad-
here to regional and international human rights and humanitarian standards, includ-ing by rejecting the ‘‘Protection of Race and Religion Bills.’’ 
Call upon the Myanmar government to ad-
dress the root causes of the Rohingya crisis by amending the 1982 Citizenship Law to pro-vide Rohingya with equal access to full citi-zenship, promoting reconciliation initia-tives, denouncing hate speech and propa-ganda, and holding perpetrators of violence, including government officials, accountable. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHRISTIAN LANCE’S 
MISSOURI CLASS 4 HIGH SCHOOL WRESTLING STATE CHAMPION-SHIP 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate Christian Lance, a Nixa High School senior, on capturing the 2015 Class 4 Wrestling State Championship. 
Christian reached this impressive feat during 
the February 21 championship with a 56–1 record for the season. At 220 pounds, with this Class 4 championship win, Lance cap-tured the eighth state title for the Nixa High School Eagles. 
Though this may be his first state champion-
ship, Lance has been no stranger to high achievement during his six-year stint in wres-tling. As a freshman, Christian weighed in at only 120 pounds. Since then, he has wrestled in almost every weight class, working his way up to the coveted State Champion position. 
In the 2014 wrestling season, just one year 
before his impressive feat, Lance was a final-ist in many conferences and, at 182 pounds, took fifth place in the Missouri High School Class 4 Championships. 
Christian Lance’s exemplary devotion and 
remarkable improvements during his time as a Nixa High School wrestler are testaments of his hard work and dedication. The Nixa com-munity, I’m confident, is proud of Christian and his Class 4 State Championship. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his well-deserved victory. 
f 
HONORING NEW MEXICO HIGH 
SCHOOL STUDENTS 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 23 high school students from Moriarty High School that will represent New Mexico this month in the We the People National Finals, a three day civics competition on the U.S. Constitution. During the competition these ex-
ceptional students will have the opportunity to demonstrate their knowledge of constitutional principles in simulated congressional hearings before panels of judges. 
Since its inception in 1987, more than 30 
million students have benefitted from partici-pating in the We The People program of con-stitutional study. The program divides students into teams where they are able to learn to-gether and challenge each other. Surveys have shown that these students are more civic minded, politically active and have a better un-derstanding of how government functions. 
Moriarty High School won the We the Peo-
ple New Mexico state competition to earn a spot in this month’s National Finals. I com-mend these students, and their dedicated teachers and coaches for participating in this instructional program that helps students learn about participating in government as effective, responsible citizens. 
School: Moriarty High School. Teacher: Amy Page. Students: Martin Andazola, Audrianna Ara-
gon, Nicholas Arellano, April Arguello, Kath-erine Arnold, Joshua Berson, Robert Castle, Samantha Chavez, Ethan Delora, Sarah El-liott, Marion Gerhart, Shannon Goldrick, Chris-topher Gonzales, Haley Hamblin, Troy Jack, Frances Licon, Regina McCleave, Matthew Mink, Savanna Nelson, Logan Smyth, Melissa Summers, Alexandru West, Grant Windsor. 
I congratulate these outstanding students 
and thank them for their contributions to New Mexico. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS OF THE 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
submit these additional names of Armenians who lost their lives in the Armenian Genocide from 1915 to 1923. We will never forget their names and their stories and we will continue to speak the truth in the face of denial. 
Asadur Arabyan, Arax Arabyan, Zvart 
Kureghian, Deradour Harmandayan, Kveh Gasparian, Gohar Kirakosian, Vasilika Kirakosyan, Zabel Kirakosian, Karapet Gasparian, Mariam Yeritsyan, Arakel Arakelyan, Makartich Ter-Hakopian, Nicholas Chavshudian, Mary Chavshudian, Avedis Kilisian, Mari Shirinian, Arsen Pashgian, Haiganoush Mandjikian, Krikor Kaakedjian, Gadar Chaparian, Takouhi Baghoyan, Ani Hidirsah, Haygaz Baghoyan, Parsegh Baghoyan, Hagop Zilifian, Helen Manoyan, Boghos Manoyan, Krikor Zilifian, Jovannes Kabbendjian, Vahan Hakobyan, Haykaz Sarkissyan, Lucia Baghdasaryan, Sara Galtakian, Arutyun Gelejian, Tagvor Dadurian, Araxsi Dadurian, Alina Dadurian, Hmiyak Dadurian, Nishan Chaderjian, Nishan Chaderjian, Maritza Chaderjian, Martha Margosian, Gulenia Havounjian, Tonapet Yeritsyan, Hovsep Sarkissian, Armenuhi Balian, Vahram Ghiragossian, Hagop Kouyoumdjian, Mary Kouyoumdjian, Vartivar Berberian, Yaghsapet Berberian, Hagop Pessayan, Mary Pessayan, Armen Dedeyan, Simon Terzian, Satenik Lusparyan, Hripsime Lusparyan, Artavazd Tumanyan, Nikolaj 
Safrazbekyan, Levon Safrazbekyan, Rebecca Margossian, Toros Margossianmy, Sarkis Panpalian, Vartan Vartanian, Hanna Gulian, Haroutioun Kapralian, Ana Kapralian, Flore Kapralian, Baghdassar Avedikian, Ohaness Aslanian, Isgouhi Zhamgochian Derounian, Hagop Terzian, Nishan Chaderjian, Maritza Chaderjian, Hagop Chaparian, Artin Chaparian, Hampartsoum Piligian, Hovaness Piligian, Haroutune Piligian, Pilig Piligian, Kevork Chaparian, Movses Kavarian, Megerdich Kavarian, Khatoon Kavarian, Jo-seph Hanna, Danho Kavarian, Hagop Kradjian, Deekran Kradjian, Nazaret Oglou, Dikran Svazlian, Hagop Bodoorian, Garabed Chilingirian, Toukhman Zoroghlian, Touma Zoroghlian, Garabed Zoroghlian, Hovhanness Zoroghlian, Loucine Zoroghlian, Garabed Zoroghlian, Nshan Ter-Saakyan, Hovhannes Tngozian, Karapet Grigoryan, Parantzem Garavanian, Abkar Badalian, Karapet Grigoryan, Parantzem Garavanian, Abkar Badalian, Jeyran Badalian, Manuk Hamamchyan, Sarhad Kocharian, John Hovig Yeressian, Kerop Tsaxikyan, Tatos Ghazazian, Yervand Urghatbashian, Margaret Urghatbashian, Caspar Mardirossian, Sinam Yeranosian, Hovakim Ahramjian, Beghekia Ahramjian, Arsen Avedikian, Acabi Avedikian, Zarmandought Ahramjian, Yevkine Ahramjian, Arousiag Ahramjian, Khoren Aharonian, Raph-ael Bahde, Joseph Moukhtar, George Moukhtar, Francis Moukhtar, George Farra, Melcon Movsessian, Melcon Movsessian, Dr. Ovsia Hekimian, Tavit Tavitian, Antaram Hovanesian, Sarkis Hovanesian, Galust Jermakyan, Hamardzum Jermakyan, Vrej Jermakyan, Toros Jermakyan, Mania Jermakyan, Levon Jermakyan, Aram Jermakyan, Siranush Alexanian, Grigo 
Alexanian, Maqruhi Alexanian, Maqruhi Alexanian, Avak Der-Avakian, Hana Soghomonian, Malaka Soghomonian, Isahak Ekshian, Mariam Ekshian, Arsen Kostanyan, Yegish Grigoryan, Kriikor Shahinian, Khanum Nalbanian Shahinian, Anna Garabedian, Airapet Tumanyan, Lucine Maghakian Adanalian, Stepan Boyajian, Stepan Boyajian, Hossep Melkisetian, Parsegh Shahbaz, Ardashes Haroutiunian, Jack Sayabalian (Paylag), Krikor Torosian, Kegham Parseghian, Dikran Cheogurian, Shavarsh Kurisian, Krikor Yesayan, Aris Israyelian, Mihran Tabakian, Hagop Terzian, Arisdages Kasbarian, Haroutiun G. Jangulian, Bedros Kalfayan, Haroutiun Kalfayan, Edwar Beyazian, Yenovk Shahen, Nerses Papazian, Nerses Zakarian, Dr. Sdepan Miskjian, Dr. Levon Bardizbanian, Vramshabooh Arabian, Nerses Shahnoor, Serovpe Noradoongian, Karekin Husian, Mardiros H. Koondakjian, Krikor Armooni, Boghos Tanielian, Megerdich Garabedian, Apraham Hayrigian, Levon Aghababian, Kevork Terjimanian, Dikran Ashkharooni, Kevork Diratsooyan, Mihrtad Haygazn, Rosdom Rosdomian, Vramshabooh Samuelian, Arshag Khazkhazian, Mrgrrdich Sdepanian, Levon Shashian, Paroonag Feroukhan, Onnig Maghazajian, Teodor Mendzigian, Varteres Atanasian, Apig Jambaz, Vahram Altoonian, Yerchanig Aram, Nerses D. Kevorkian, Onnig Srabian, Partogh Zorian, Akrig Kerestejian, Melkon Piosian, Pilibbos Chilinguirian, Haroutiun Konialian, Vahan Jamjian, Haroutiun Kalfaian, Hovhannes Kelejian, Sdepan Kurkjian, Dikran Sarkisian, Barooyr Arzoomanian, Haig Derderian, Mirijan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.019 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E578 April 23, 2015 
Artinian, Hampartsum Balasan, Vahan 
Kehiaian, Ardashes Ferahian, Artin Meserlian, Armenag Arakelian, Mihran Pasdurmajian, Neshan Nahabedian, Yeghia Suzigian, Bedros Kurdian, Diran Yerganian, Asadoor Madteosian, Yervant Chavooshian, Hagop Shahbaz, Sarkis Kaligian, Garabed Reyisian, Kevork Kopooshian, Krikor Ohnigian, Aram Ohnigian, Karekin Ohnigian, Hovhannes Keoleian, Dikran Baghdigian, Hovhannes Cheogurian, Dr. Benne Torosian, Aram Achukbashian, Kegham Vanigian, Yervant Topoozian, Roupen Garabedian, Hovhannes Der Ghazarian, Tovmas Tovmasian, Hagop Basmajian, Moorad Zakarian, Megerdich Yeretsian, Karekin Boghosian, Armenag Hampartsoumian, Yeremia Manoogian, Apraham Mooradian, Minas Keshishian, Sumpad Kulujian, Karnig Boyajian, Herand Yegavian, Boghos Boghosian, Herand Aghajanian, Garabed Patoogian, Khoren Khorenian, Amasiatsi Krikor Kayian, Vramian Onnig Tertsagian, Ardashes Solakian, A. Proodian, Garabed Dantlian, Haygag Yeremishian, Tulgadintsi, Prof. Garabed Soghigian, Prof. Megerdich Vorperian, Prof. Hovhannes Boujikanian, Prof. Nigoghos Tenekejian, Prof. Khachadour Nahigian, Prof. Donabed Lulejian, Jirair Hagopian, Hovhannes Dingilian, Hovhannes Aghanigian, Aram Srabian, Armen Onanian, Hovsep Malemezian, Kegham Samuelian, Kapriel Tanielian, Karnig Gosdanian, Hagop Dinjian, Armen Hovagimian, Asadour Jamgochian, Hovhannes Zartarian, Kevork Keleshian, Hagop Shoushanian, Setrag Dulgerian, Aram Dabaghian, Haroutiun Semerjian, Sarkis Eljanian, Mihran Isbirian, Senekerim Kalyonjian, Moorad Derderian, Garabed Barsamian, Karnig Toughlajian, Manuel Dedeian, Levon Kantarian, Aram Hagopian, Khachadour Grdodian, Michael Frengulian, Roupen Rakoubian, Hampartsoom Blejian, Vahan Husisian, Nazaret Husisian, Hemayag Karageozian, Israel Ozanian, Dajad Chebookjian, Levon Karageozian, Hmayag Margosian, Hmaiag Karibian, Ardashig Boornazian, Hagop Boornazian, Arshag Kizirian, Hovhannes Boghosian, Antranig Bozajian, Aram Adrouni, Aram Shesheian, Hurach Loosparonian, Megerdich Asdourian, Tsitoghtsi Setrag Varjabed, Partogh Odabashian, Kaloosd Garabedian, Vahan Kasbarian, V. Rev. Fr. Garabed Lariyan, V. Rev. Fr. Yeprem Liforian, Rev. Fr. Garabed Lousararian, Rev. Fr. Yezras Lousararian, V. Rev. Fr. Movses Madoyan, Rev. Fr. Krikor Madteosian, Rev. Fr. Haroutiun Malkhassian, V. Rev. Fr. Parsegh Mangerian, Rev. Fr. Atte Manougian, Rev. Fr. Krisdapor Manougian, Rev. Fr. Madteos Manougian. 
f 
KAMELIA VICK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Kamelia Vick for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kamelia Vick is an 11th grader at Jefferson High School and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Kamelia 
Vick is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Kamelia Vick for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF YOM 
HA’ATZMAUT, ISRAEL’S INDE-PENDENCE DAY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
mark the anniversary of the creation of the State of Israel, known as Yom Ha’atzmaut, a day on which we celebrate its establishment and growth, and recognize the fortitude of the Israeli people. 
For 67 years, Israel has stood as a shining 
example of freedom and democracy in a re-gion plagued by violence and oppression. Since President Harry S. Truman famously recognized the nascent state only 11 minutes after its founding, our two nations have shared the common bonds of democracy, economic vitality, and cultural affinity, tied together in an unbreakable friendship based on religious kin-ships and mutual interests. 
As a Member of Congress, I have been 
honored to travel to Israel 15 times and never cease to be impressed by the strength of Israel and its people. I will continue to do all that I can in Congress to ensure that Israelis have a secure and peaceful homeland. It is my sincere hope that through diplomatic ef-forts the future will bring a fair solution that en-ables both Israelis and Palestinians to live in peace and prosperity. I wish the people and government of Israel a Chag Sameach, a happy holiday. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, on Thursday, April 23, 2015, I was attend-ing an event with Vice President B
IDEN to 
raise awareness and help prevent campus sexual assault. This event was part of the ‘‘It’s On Us’’ campaign and was held on the cam-pus of the University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign located in the 13th Congressional District which I am proud to represent. 
As the father of a daughter who will be a 
college freshman next year, this issue is very personal to me. I am so proud of the students and faculty at the University of Illinois, as well as other campuses across the country, for stepping up and taking a stand against sexual assault. 
Due to my participation in this important 
event with Vice President B
IDEN and my con-stituents, I was unable to cast votes in the 
House on April 23, 2015. 
f 
JUSTYCELYNN BUCHANAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Justycelynn Buchanan for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Justycelynn Buchanan is an 8th grader at North Arvada Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. 
The dedication demonstrated by Justycelynn 
Buchanan is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Justycelynn Buchanan for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ALICE 
TREGAY 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of Alice Tregay. 
Alice Tregay was not only a dear friend of 
mine; she was a role model and mentor to many over five decades. She poured her heart and soul into promoting social justice: advo-cating on behalf of poor people in Chicago, registering literally tens of thousands of voters over the years, managing high-profile political campaigns and more. 
She began her activism in 1964 when she 
joined the protest against Chicago Public Schools Superintendent Ben Willis and his in-famous ‘‘Willis Wagons’’, which perpetuated segregation and an inferior learning environ-ment. In the end, not only were the wagons shut down, but Superintendent was also re-moved from his post. Alice also fought along-side well-known figures like Al Raby and Dick Gregory in this winning battle. 
Alice marched with Dr. Martin Luther King 
for open housing in Chicago, and when Dr. King’s Operation Breadbasket began oper-ations in Chicago, Alice worked hand in hand with Rev. Jesse Jackson to put the organiza-tion together. She started the Political Edu-cation Division at Operation Breadbasket, training thousands of students over a five year period. Alice was an integral part of that orga-nization, now called the Rainbow Push Coali-tion, each day since then. 
She also served as an essential staff mem-
ber of many campaigns including Congress-man Abner Mikva, Jesse Jackson Sr., Con-gressman Jesse Jackson Jr., Mayor Harold Washington, and President Jimmy Carter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.017 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E579 April 23, 2015 
The best words to describe Alice are ‘‘tire-
less’’ and ‘‘persistent.’’ Alice impacted so many lives as an organizer, educator, and change-maker. She gave a voice to those who are too frequently ignored. She provided the tools to engage and equip generations of ac-tivists, including me. I owe much to my pre-cious friend, Alice Tregay. My heartfelt prayers and thoughts are with her family. She will be sorely missed. 
f 
67TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
FOUNDING OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and celebrate the 67th anniversary of the founding of the State of Israel. This an-niversary represents 67 years in which there has been a strong, independent, and demo-cratic State of Israel; 67 years of growth, ad-vancement, and modernization. But, unfortu-nately, it also means that for 67 years the only Jewish state in the world has repeatedly had to defend itself from enemies who seek her annihilation. 
Yesterday, Israel commemorated Yom 
Ha’zikaron, Israel’s Memorial Day. For a coun-try in which most of its citizens have served in the Israeli Defense Force and have proudly defended their country, this day is a personal reminder that their 67 years have not been without significant personal sacrifice. From the moment of its birth, Israel has endured attacks by state armies and terrorist organizations. More recently, these attacks have taken a new shape, in the form of economic boycotts, lawfare, and political de-legitimization cam-paigns. 
But 67 years later, Israel remains standing, 
proudly, as the shining beacon of democracy in the Middle East. 
This is an important day for the Israeli peo-
ple and people all over the world to reflect on how far this country has come in such a short period. It has transformed desert into fertile land, developed one of the most innovative and vibrant technology sectors in the world, and stood steadfastly on a foundation of democratic principles and basic fundamental liberties. 
I am proud to say that it was also 67 years 
ago, only minutes after David Ben-Gurion an-nounced Israel’s declaration of independence, that the United States recognized the nascent state. Since 1948, our two countries have shared a strong, unshakeable bond based on shared values and goals. And the United States and Israel will continue to stand to-gether as Israel pursues peace, and as Israel confronts any threat to her people. It is my commitment as a Member of Congress to en-sure that our partnership remains strong and unbreakable. As President Bill Clinton wrote, ‘‘We are proud of the strong bond we have forged with Israel, based on our shared values and ideals. That unique relationship will en-dure just as Israel has endured.’’ JORDAN GONZALEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Jordan Gon-zalez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jordan Gonzalez is an 8th grader at North Arvada Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Jordan 
Gonzalez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Jor-
dan Gonzalez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. BEVERLY 
DANIEL TATUM 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Dr. Beverly Daniel Tatum, President of Spelman College, who will be re-tiring after thirteen years as distinguished leader of the school. She will be honored at a farewell reception on Friday, April 24, 2015, at 6:00 p.m. at The Spelman College Suites Din-ing Hall on campus. 
Born on September 27, 1954, in Tallahas-
see, Florida, Dr. Tatum attended Wesleyan University, where she received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology. Afterward, she at-tended the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, for a Master of Arts degree and a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology, and then Hartford Semi-nary for a Master of Arts degree in Religious Studies. 
Dr. Tatum’s professional involvement in 
higher education began in 1980 and spanned a number of prominent institutions. At the Uni-versity of California at Santa Barbara, she lec-tured in the Department of Black Studies, and later held professorships in psychology at Westfield State College and Mount Holyoke College. Also during her time at Mount Hol-yoke, Dr. Tatum served as chair of the Depart-ment of Psychology and Education. In 1998, she became Vice President for Student Affairs and Dean of the College and, in 2002, she was appointed acting president of the College. 
In the meantime, she also advanced a ca-
reer as a distinguished clinical psychologist with her own independent practice between 1988 and 1998. Focusing her studies on diver-sity in organizational development and racial identity, she is the author of Can We Talk About Race? And Other Conversations in an Era of School Resegregation; Assimilation Blues: Black Families in White Communities: Who Succeeds and Why?; and ‘‘Why Are All the Black Kids Sitting Together in the Cafe-
teria?’’ And Other Conversations about Race, the latter of which was celebrated as the 1998 Multicultural Book of the Year by the National Association of Multicultural Education. 
In 2002, she was appointed president of 
Spelman College. Through her steady and transformational leadership, the institution now ranks among the top 100 liberal arts colleges in the country. Faculty research has flour-ished, and funding for student scholarships has tripled since 2002. Alumnae contributions to the annual fund have also tripled and a generous gift donation in 2008 helped estab-lish the Gordon-Zeto Fund for International Ini-tiatives, providing critical resources for inter-national students as well as travel support for faculty and students alike. 
In addition to these successes, Dr. Tatum 
has overseen the expansion of on-campus housing capacity by more than 25 percent to provide opportunities for even more students, made possible in part by the construction of a ‘‘green’’ residence hall in 2008. As president, she also made the landmark decision to end 
the College’s limited participation in NCAA intercollegiate sports, and instead pioneer a campus wellness initiative to encompass a wider range of students. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Tatum is not only an edu-
cator, she is an innovator. The developments she engineered serve as the foundation of Spelman College’s Strategic Plan for 2015, which focuses on supporting leadership and service, enhancing an interdisciplinary cur-riculum, fostering undergraduate research and internships, strengthening alumnae-student connections, promoting sustainability, and ad-vancing global initiatives. 
Outside of this tremendous scholastic dedi-
cation, Dr. Tatum is also actively involved in the community. She has presided on a variety of boards and served with a number of organi-zations at the local, state, and national levels. Moreover, she was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve on the Advisory Board for the White House Initiative on Historically Black Colleges and Universities. She has re-ceived numerous awards and commendations, including the 2013 Carnegie Academic Lead-ership Award. Dr. Tatum shares her life and accomplishments with her husband, Dr. Travis Tatum, and their two sons, Travis Jonathan and David. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking Dr. Beverly Daniel Tatum for her thirteen remarkable years as President of Spelman College. Her leadership is impressive in itself but more than structures, more than money, and more than rankings, she ad-vanced the very character of the institution through its people. In being a role model for the young women of this premier institution, she has helped countless individuals strive to fulfill their sincere potential in this world, mak-ing the aims of Spelman College become real-ized. 
f 
HONORING PUERTAS ABIERTAS 
COMMUNITY RESOURCE CENTER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the Puertas Abiertas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.024 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E580 April 23, 2015 
Community Resource Center as it celebrates 
its 10th Anniversary of offering educational programs and advocacy services to support personal growth and family stability in the Latino community throughout Napa County. 
Ten years ago, the Center opened its doors 
on Napa Street as an independent non-profit organization dedicated to helping provide cul-turally sensitive intake and referral services in order to bridge the gap between community service providers and the Latino community. In fact, the Center’s services are available to anyone in the community—regardless of eth-nicity, race, or language. In achieving these goals, the Center partners with numerous other organizations in the area and its pro-grams range from Case Mentoring and ESL training to Free Tax Preparation and Zumba. The Puertas Abiertas Center serves over 500 families a year. 
The Center’s focus on helping connect resi-
dents and services through a culturally sen-sitive intake and referral process helps make Napa County’s diverse population stronger and better prepared to take advantage of our community’s resources. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important that we recog-
nize the Puertas Abiertas Community Re-source Center for all they do to increase ac-cess to vital community services. On behalf of a grateful community, we honor and thank the Puertas Abiertas Community Resource Center today. 
f 
KARA M CCONNELL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Kara McCon-nell for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kara McConnell is an 8th grader at North Arvada Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Kara 
McConnell is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Kara 
McConnell for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
KINGWOOD HIGH SCHOOL OB-
SERVES NATIONAL CRIME VIC-TIMS’ RIGHTS WEEK 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week 
is National Crime Victims’ Rights Week. In Congress, we observed this week by hosting the Victims’ Rights Caucus Awards. The Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, 
founded by J
IMCOSTA from California and me 
from Texas, came together to form the bipar-tisan caucus. 
This week, the Victims’ Rights Caucus rec-
ognized the tenacious individuals who dedi-cate their time and efforts in supporting crime victims. 
But this week was also commemorated 
back in Texas. Kingwood High School ob-served National Crime Victims’ Rights Week for the first time. 
Under their fearless leader, criminal justice 
teacher Janet Collins, a former Dallas County probation officer, Kingwood High School heard from community warriors who work every day to protect and support victims. 
My good friend, Sheriff Adrian Garcia, was 
Monday’s headline speaker (who just so hap-pened to receive our Victims’ Rights Award at last year’s Victims’ Rights Caucus Awards). Kingwood High School students heard the best testimonies straight from the source. 
Exposing our students to real-life situations 
in combination with education is so important. Teaching our students how prevalent crime is and ways to prevent it can only benefit our communities. What a great way to start a young group of victims’ advocates. 
It makes me proud to know that our school 
students are building good character and learning more about the Crime Victims Move-ment. Supporting victims is something that Americans can do at any age. 
Janet Collins should be commended for her 
leadership and pioneering of National Crime Victims’ Rights Week in our schools. 
It is encouraging to see National Crimes 
Victims’ Rights Week being observed not only in Congress, but in our education system throughout the Nation. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
JULIA VAZQUEZ-PETERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Julia Vazquez-Peterson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Julia Vazquez-Peterson is an 8th grad-er at Mandalay Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome ad-versities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Julia 
Vazquez-Peterson is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Julia 
Vazquez-Peterson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. HONORING ANIMAL EDUCATION 
AND RESCUE 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, April is Prevention 
of Cruelty to Animals Month, so I would like to take this opportunity to rise in recognition of Animal Education and Rescue, a humane so-ciety in the 10th District. Founder and director Sandy Wisniewski has dedicated herself to im-proving the lives of both animals and people in our community. 
Ms. Wisniewski works to prevent cruelty to 
animals by educating the public through school and community center visits. Her cur-riculum emphasizes the need to properly care for pets. She understands the strong correla-tion between animal abuse and other violent crimes, and she seeks to break the cycle of vi-olence through education. As a humane inves-tigator, Ms. Wisniewski responds to reports of animal abuse and neglect. She often rescues these neglected animals and places them with foster families until they find permanent homes. Her work is vital to our community. 
Mr. Speaker, in honor of Prevention of Cru-
elty to Animals Month, I am pleased to recog-nize AEAR and Ms. Wisniewski. I am grateful for their work and wish them continued suc-cess. 
f 
HONORING MURRAY JANOFF 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate Murray Janoff of Boca Raton, Florida, who turns 100 years old on April 26, 2015. 
Murray was born in Bronx, New York in 
1915. He graduated from New York University with a degree in journalism and had a long and distinguished career writing for the Long Island Press’s sports section, the Associated Press, U.P.I., and Reuters. Murray served in the Navy during World War II receiving several merits with the highest being a Bronze Star medal. Murray was married 52 years to his late wife and is proud of his three children, five grandchildren, and six great grand-children. 
Murray is an exceptional man, and one who 
I am proud to represent in Florida’s 22nd Dis-trict. I know I join with his friends and family in celebrating this wonderful milestone. I wish him good health and continued success in the coming year. 
f 
JORDAN DELITZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Jordan Delitz for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jordan Delitz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.027 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E581 April 23, 2015 
is a 12th grader at Wheat Ridge High School 
and received this award because her deter-mination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Jordan 
Delitz is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Jor-
dan Delitz for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF TRITON COLLEGE 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, in the competi-
tive workplace of today, higher education is more important than ever. I rise today to rec-ognize the 50th anniversary of Triton College in River Grove, Illinois. 
Since opening its doors in September of 
1965, Triton has been one of the nation’s pre-mier two year colleges. Every semester, Triton provides over 12,000 students with the tools they need to be successful at a 4 year school, their careers, and in life. 
Since its inception, Triton has provided over 
50,000 degrees and certificates helping to cre-ate a more educated workforce. With tuition rates on the rise, 2 year institutions have be-come one of our most important assets in self advancement. By offering quality education at an affordable rate, students have opportunities they would not otherwise have. As a former professor, I can appreciate the outstanding work Triton has done preparing its students for the future. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in celebrating the 50th anniversary of Triton College. I am truly honored to have such an exceptional institution of higher education in my district. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PACIFIC 
NORTHWEST GRAY WOLF MAN-AGEMENT ACT OF 2015 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce my legislation, the Pacific North-west Gray Wolf Management Act of 2015. This legislation would remove the Gray Wolf from the ‘‘List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife’’ under the Endangered Species Act (ESA) and return management authority for the species back to our Pacific Northwest states. A proposed rule released by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) in June of 2013 found that the Gray Wolf popu-lation has grown substantially and is now con-sidered to be recovered, and therefore, does not merit protection under the Endangered 
Species Act. 
State governments are fully qualified to re-
sponsibly manage Gray Wolf populations and are better to meet the needs of local commu-nities, ranchers, livestock, and wildlife popu-lations. Delisting the Gray Wolf would allow state wildlife officials to more effectively man-age wolf populations. We have seen that this is possible in states such as Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michi-gan and we should allow Pacific Northwest States the same flexibility to manage these populations. This commonsense and straight-forward bill would allow states to provide a more practical management program than the one currently in place by the federal govern-ment. I urge all members to join me in sup-porting this legislation. 
f 
ROCKY MOUNTAIN METROPOLITAN 
AIRPORT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and applaud Rocky Mountain Metro-politan Airport for their leadership and commit-ment to Jefferson County. 
Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport 
(RMMA), located between downtown Denver and Boulder, serves as a major economic en-gine for the region’s aviation industry. The air-port supports 2,670 jobs with an annual pay-roll of more than $153 million, and creates $460 million in economic activity each year. RMMA serves as a reliever airport for Denver International Airport (DIA) and international travelers at the airport have access to an on- site U.S. customs office that operates 24- hours per day. The absence of landing fees at the airport makes clearing U.S. customs easy and cost effective. RMMA houses many cor-porate aviation facilities, flight schools, and government offices, including: Pilatus Busi-ness Aircraft, HeliOps, and HeliQwest. 
Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport also 
has plans to expand their operation in the Verve Innovation Park, a site which sits strate-gically between downtown Denver and Boul-der and is a perfect location near a highly educated workforce and with airport runway access and hangar space for corporate jets. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport for their well-deserved Chairman’s Choice Award and their continued contribution to Jefferson Coun-ty. 
f 
HONORING AL TAUBMAN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, this week, 
Michigan lost a true giant. 
Alfred Taubman was a great businessman 
who revolutionized the way America shops, but he will forever be remembered as a pas-sionate philanthropist whose generosity touched lives in our state and around the world. Al Taubman cared deeply about Michigan. 
He cared about people. And his contributions made our communities stronger and more vi-brant, our schools and universities more inno-vative, and our research institutes more pre-pared to find cures for the most devastating diseases we face. 
His generosity made possible the Taubman 
Medical Research Institute at the University of Michigan. He supported the Detroit Institute of Arts and helped improve design education at Detroit’s College for Creative Studies. And he contributed actively to schools and universities across our region, including Wayne State Uni-versity and his alma mater Lawrence Techno-logical University, among many others. 
Al Taubman changed Michigan for the bet-
ter, and while he will be greatly missed, his vi-sion and generosity will live on in the many lives he touched. 
In the words of his son, Robert, Al Taubman 
was a ‘‘great American story.’’ He is right. And all of us in Michigan are so glad that he was ours. 
f 
JONALYNN SELL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Jonalynn Sell for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jonalynn Sell is an 11th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Jonalynn 
Sell is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Jonalynn Sell for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ZION HILL 
MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH’S 134TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Zion Hill Missionary Baptist Church in Cusseta, Georgia as the church’s membership and leadership celebrate a remarkable 134 years. The con-gregation of Zion Hill Missionary Baptist Church, in conjunction with Green Hill Mis-sionary Baptist Church, will celebrate this very significant anniversary with a celebration on Sunday, April 26, 2015 at 2:30 p.m. at the Church in Cusseta, Georgia. 
Zion Hill Missionary Baptist Church’s re-
markable journey and growth as a church 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23AP8.023 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E582 April 23, 2015 
began in 1882 on the intersecting county lines 
of Marion and Chattahoochee Counties in Southwest Georgia. Reverend Shed Thornton is the first known pastor to lead Zion Hill. Other pastors to follow would include Rev-erend Jackson, Reverend Mathis, Reverend Davis, Reverend Chinn, Reverend Gates, and Reverend Campbell. Reverend Carter then pastored the church for thirty-six years, fol-lowed by Reverend Baker, who pastored for over sixteen years. 
Reverend Willie E. Neal then became the 
Pastor of Zion Hill Missionary Baptist Church and in his twenty-two years of leadership, he worked tirelessly to expand the church. Under his careful eye, the current Fellowship Hall was built, and new pulpit furnishings, new pews, and the indoor baptismal pool were in-stalled. 
In 1987, the church was incorporated and 
attendance continued to grow. The church added classes for children and young adults to its Sunday school program. After the church established a youth choir ministry and youth usher ministry, it became a full-time Gospel church, holding services every Sunday. 
After the Reverend Frederick D. Harris took 
over the leadership, the church began making some structural improvements. New carpet was installed in the sanctuary, the pews were covered, the fellowship hall was outfitted with new tile, and new tables, chairs, and kitchen appliances were added. A new sound system was installed and finally, a steeple was added to the top of the sanctuary, inviting members of the community to come praise and worship the Lord at Zion Hill. 
It was during this time that Rev. Harris also 
implemented a new Wednesday class to in-
crease spiritual growth. After Rev. Harris was called to relocate to Maryland, the Reverend Clarence R. Barnes then took over the leader-ship of Zion Hill. Sadly, due to medical rea-sons, Rev. Barnes had to resign in November 2014. 
Along with pastors, there have also been 
many deacons who influenced and guided the church. Some of the most notable include Deacon James Williams, who contributed the church flags, and Deacon Willie J. Short, who built the current Sanctuary. 
Throughout the past 134 years, Zion Hill 
Missionary Baptist has become a spiritual home for many. Advancements in both the ac-tual structure of the church building as well as the church body were made to better accom-modate the divine growth emanating from the hearts and spirits of many pastors, deacons, and church members. The story of Zion Hill Missionary Baptist Church is truly an inspiring one of the dedication and perseverance of a faithful congregation of people who put all their love and trust in the Lord. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me in paying tribute to Zion Hill Mis-sionary Baptist Church in Cusseta, Georgia for their long history of coming together through the good and difficult times to praise and wor-ship our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. 
f 
JOSEPH BOULANGER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Joseph Bou-langer for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge 
Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jo-seph Boulanger is an 8th grader at Arvada K– 8 and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Joseph 
Boulanger is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Jo-
seph Boulanger for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I was detained for 
votes on Tuesday, April 21st. Had I been present and voting, I would have voted AYE on Roll Call #162, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Offi-cers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due to 
the passing of my mother on April 21, 2015 I had to remain in Texas and was unable to vote on April 21 and April 22, 2015. 
On roll call no. 162, had I been present, I 
would have voted Yea. 
On roll call no. 163, had I been present, I 
would have voted Yea. 
On roll call no. 164, had I been present, I 
would have voted Yea. 
On roll call no. 165, had I been present, I 
would have voted Yea. 
On roll call no. 166, had I been present, I 
would have voted Nay. 
On roll call no. 167, had I been present, I 
would have voted Yea. 
On roll call no. 168, had I been present, I 
would have voted Yea. 
On roll call no. 169, had I been present, I 
would have voted Nay. 
On roll call no. 170, had I been present, I 
would have voted Yea. 
f 
JOSEPH BERGMAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Joseph Bergman for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
Joseph Bergman is a 12th grader at Standley Lake High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Joseph 
Bergman is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Jo-
seph Bergman for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF UNITED STATES 
ARMY SERGEANT MATTHEW COOKE, RECIPIENT OF THE PUR-PLE HEART 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor United States Army Sergeant Matthew Cooke, a recipient of the Purple Heart from North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District. 
Sergeant Cooke was one of thirty-two 
wounded during the 2009 shooting at Fort Hood in Killeen, Texas. On November 5, 2009, Nidal Hasan opened fire at the Soldier Readiness Center at Fort Hood, killing 13 peo-ple and wounding 32 and without the coura-geous actions of Sergeant Cooke, the death toll would likely have been higher. 
When Sergeant Cooke saw a non-commis-
sioned officer shot in the torso, he draped himself on the higher-ranking soldier to shield him from Hasan. He was shot five times in the act of protecting another’s life. 
Recovering physically and mentally from the 
massacre at Fort Hood has been a continuing struggle for Sergeant Cooke. Despite serving two deployments in Iraq, Sergeant Cooke’s greatest injuries and selflessness took place on home soil. I am overjoyed that Sergeant Cooke is finally receiving the Purple Heart and well-deserved recognition for his heroic ac-tions. 
It is an honor to extend these remarks today 
to congratulate United States Army Sergeant Matthew Cooke for receiving the Purple Heart and to thank him for his brave and selfless service. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY PARTNERS 
FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to rec-
ognize Community Partners for Affordable Housing for the exceptional progress they have made in providing the basic human need of housing to those struggling to afford its ris-ing costs. 
Partnering with the cities of Highland Park, 
Evanston and Lake Forest, CPAH addresses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.034 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E583 April 23, 2015 
affordable housing collaboratively, operating 
the first community land trust program in Illi-nois. 
CPAH preserves communities’ existing 
housing stock by rehabilitating problematic or blighted properties. This maximizes the cost- effectiveness of public and private investment for long-term community benefit. 
In short, CPAH synthesizes safe, clean 
housing with affordability. CPAH is an incred-ible asset that the cities of Highland Park, Evanston, and Lake Forest are fortunate to benefit from. I am proud to represent Commu-nity Partners for Affordable Housing. 
f 
HONORING DAVID AND PATRICIA 
NIERENBERG 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize David and Patricia Nierenberg for the honor of receiving PeaceHealth’s Nat Giustina Philanthropy Award. This award was created to honor indi-viduals who have advanced the well-being of our community through the generous donation of their time, talent and resources over many years through support of PeachHealth Medical Centers. 
Their generous support and collective serv-
ice on the PeachHealth Southwest Foundation Board for nearly two decades, has given the Vancouver hospital the opportunity to expand its capacity and serve more residents of Southwest Washington. Their contribution, which focuses primarily on maternal and infant health, helped establish the Holtzman Twins Neonatal Intensive Care Unit and the Patricia Nierenberg Childcare and Early Learning Cen-ter. Their generosity has helped construct world-class facilities and establish a scholar-ship for low-income families to help offset the cost of care at the new center, leading to a more healthy and vibrant community. 
I want to thank David and Patricia for their 
tireless involvement and support of our com-munity. Their contribution is one that will posi-tively impact Southwest Washington for gen-erations to come. 
f 
HONORING MR. WIN SHAW 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Win Shaw for his long service to the country and to General Dynam-ics’ Gulfstream Aerospace, the largest private employer in the First District of Georgia. 
Mr. Win Shaw represented the hard working 
people of Gulfstream for 20 years beginning in March, 1993. Prior to his career with Gulf-stream, Mr. Shaw graduated from Norwich University and was commissioned into the U.S. Army as an Armor officer. Dedicating 29 years of his life to military service, Mr. Shaw served two tours of duty in Vietnam and one tour in Korea. In his last active duty assign-ment, Mr. Shaw served as Chief of the Army’s Senate Liaison Office for four and a half 
years. Mr. Shaw retired as a Colonel with many deserved decorations including the Dis-tinguished Service Medal, Silver Star, Soldiers Medal and 3 Bronze Stars with the V device. He is also a graduate of the Army War Col-lege. Following his retirement from the U.S. Army, Mr. Shaw joined Westinghouse Electric Corporation for two and a half years. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join Mr. Win 
Shaw’s colleagues, family and friends in cele-brating many years of hard work and dedica-tion to our community and our Country. 
f 
HONORING DR. RUTH B. LOVE 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the extraordinary career of Dr. Ruth B. Love. 
Dr. Love was born in Lawton, Oklahoma, 
and grew up in Bakersfield, California, where she attended public schools. From a young age, Dr. Love displayed a deep passion for reading, which she transformed into a career in education. Dr. Love received her B.A. in education from San Jose State University, her M.A. in Guidance and Counseling from San Francisco State University, and her Ph.D. in Human Behavior and Psychology from the United States International University. 
Dr. Love began her teaching career in Oak-
land, California. In addition to teaching, which she enjoyed immensely, Dr. Love worked on various projects, at the local, national, and international levels. She served as the Project Director for Operation Crossroads Africa in Ghana. She was also selected for the National Fulbright Program in England, where she taught for a year and was able to travel the world. 
Dr. Love also took on various roles at the 
California State Education Department, where she served in a statewide role as Bureau Chief for Program Development. She went on to join the Federal Office of Education as Na-tional Director of the Right to Read Program, and worked with Congress to enact the Na-tional Reading Program and other important pieces of legislation. 
Eventually, Dr. Love was recruited to serve 
as Superintendent of the Oakland Unified School District, where her teaching career had begun. She served for nearly seven years, pioneering innovative programs and helping Oakland students achieve national norms on standardized tests. After much consideration, Dr. Love accepted the position of General Su-perintendent for the Chicago Board of Edu-cation, where she oversaw one of the largest school districts in the nation—comprising over 500 schools, 44,000 employees, and a $2 bil-lion budget. 
Prior to her retirement in 2014, Dr. Love 
was the Founder and President of RBL Enter-prises, an education consulting company. Dr. Love traveled the world extensively in this ca-pacity, lecturing and advising on education policy. She also worked for many years as a professor in the Doctorate Programs at San Francisco State University and the University of California, Berkeley. 
On a personal note, I have had the privilege 
to be with Dr. Love in Ghana and witness the respect and love Ghanaians have for her. She 
is truly a citizen of the world, and has shared her knowledge and experiences with those who have not had the chance to visit Africa. Many years ago, I met Dr. Love’s late mother. I will always remember the love, kindness, and selfless caregiving Dr. Love provided her mother in spite of her busy schedule. She was an inspiration to me as I had the honor to care for my late mother in her golden years. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, Dr. Ruth B. Love, I salute you. I thank you for a lifetime of serv-ice and congratulate you on your many achievements. I wish you and your loved ones the very best. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE BAY STREET PLAYERS 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege to recognize the 40th anniversary of the Bay Street Players at the Historic State Theatre in Eustis, Florida. 
Construction on the Historic State Theatre 
began in 1916, and included one of the largest ‘‘photo play’’ pipe organs in the Southeast to accommodate the latest entertainment of ‘‘moving pictures.’’ Throughout the Great De-pression, the Theatre also provided chorale and orchestral music programs to help lift the spirits of the community. 
By 1975, the building had become vacant 
and fallen into disrepair, but was rediscovered by local theatre enthusiasts. This group, com-posed of Deborah Carpenter, Dale Carpenter, Charlene Smith, Lou Tally, Mary Jane Mitenius, and Ed Mitenius became the found-ing members of the Bay Street Players, which has remained an active part of the community for the past forty years. 
It is my pleasure to join the Bay Street Play-
ers in commemorating their 40th anniversary and recognizing their founding members. It is truly an honor to serve the residents of Central Florida in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. PAUL 
AME CHURCH’S 113TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of St. Paul African Methodist Episcopal Church in Colum-bus, Georgia as the church’s membership and leadership celebrate a remarkable 113 years. The congregation of St. Paul AME Church will celebrate this very significant anniversary with a celebration on Sunday, April 26, 2015 at the Church in Columbus, Georgia. 
Tracing its roots back to the turn of the 
twentieth century, the church’s first corner-stone was laid on April 27, 1902 at Meeler’s Hill, a historic neighborhood in Columbus, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.037 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E584 April 23, 2015 
Georgia. Under the leadership of Reverend 
A.C. Linton, a new church family was born. This edifice served as the congregation’s place of worship until 1957, when Reverend Fedd and the congregation relinquished con-trol of St. Paul at Meeler’s Hill to the City of Columbus for urban renewal. During this time, Mt. Tabor AME Church, Grant Chapel AME Church and Galilee Baptist Church allowed the St. Paul family to hold Sunday services at their locations two Sundays a month. 
God answered the congregation members’ 
many prayers on May 25, 1960, when St. Paul broke ground at 1508 South Street in Colum-bus. Under the leadership of Reverend R. L. Coachman, Sister Callie Jackson turned the first spade of dirt. The church was completed 
and dedicated on October 9, 1960. 
In 1981, God again called St. Paul to relin-
quish control of the South Street location to the City of Columbus. In October of that year, a groundbreaking ceremony was held at 4900 St. Mary’s Road in Columbus. On April 11, 1982, a dedication service for the new location was held under the leadership of Reverend Frank C. Maddox. 
Throughout the years, the church would be 
remodeled and renovated, with new tech-nologies installed. With these aesthetic changes came changes to the church’s min-istry through the creation of several new com-mittees, programs, and outreach ministries. Moreover, the church has had the honor of hosting several sessions of the Southwest Georgia Annual Conference. The Church takes pride in being a ‘‘dangerous’’ church, for they are armed with the Word of God. 
The story of St. Paul AME Church, which 
began 113 years ago, is truly an inspiring one of the dedication and perseverance of a faith-ful congregation of people who put all their love and trust in the Lord. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to 
join me in paying tribute to St. Paul AME in Columbus, Georgia for their long history of coming together through the good and difficult times to praise and worship our Lord and Sav-ior Jesus Christ. 
f 
HONORING SENATOR ROBERT 
GRIFFIN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, last week 
Michigan lost a true statesman: former Sen-ator and State Supreme Court Justice, Robert P. Griffin. 
Senator Griffin represented Michigan in the 
U.S. Senate for more than 20 years, where he set an extraordinary example of honesty and integrity, and held himself and those around him to the highest level of ethical standards. 
As his son Judge Richard Griffin said, he al-
ways strove to do the right thing—whether no one was watching or the nation was watch-ing—that was simply the kind of person he was. 
That quality made Senator Griffin an effec-
tive and respected leader, and I was honored to have the opportunity to learn from him first-hand. 
Senator Griffin was my first boss, and he 
taught me the importance of integrity in the political process, of keeping your word and working with members on both sides of the aisle. 
He inspired me and countless others, and 
he spent his life trying to instill in young peo-ple the value and importance of serving. Senator Griffin was a champion for Michi-
gan. He loved our state. And we can all pay tribute to his legacy by striving to serve our state as well as he did. 
f 
HONORING PASTOR H. LEE JOR-
DAN FOR 5 YEARS IN SERVICE TO THE GREATER FAITH CHURCH 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Pastor H. Lee Jordan on his 5th anni-versary as Pastor at the Greater Faith Church in Waukegan, Illinois. Pastor Jordan became Pastor of the Greater Faith Church on January 20, 2010 after initially beginning his pilgrimage on June 20, 1993. 
Since joining the Greater Faith Church 5 
years ago, Mr. Speaker, Pastor Jordan has worked tirelessly to serve the Waukegan com-munity. In addition to his service to The Great-er Faith Church, Pastor Jordan is a loving fa-ther and husband, a community leader, recipi-ent of numerous awards, and sits on the boards of multiple local community organiza-tions. 
Mr. Speaker, Pastor Jordan enhances the 
legacy and integrity of the nationally known church, dedicating himself to promoting spir-itual growth. I offer my most sincere congratu-lations to the Pastor for passing this milestone and faithfully serving the Waukegan commu-nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23AP8.042 E23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D435 Thursday, April 23, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to 
be Attorney General. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2361–S2417 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-two bills and six 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1064–1085, S.J. Res. 12–13, and S. Res. 148–151. 
                                                                                    Pages S2400–01 
Measures Reported: 
Report to accompany H.R. 203, to direct the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and sui-cide prevention programs of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan re-payment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (S. Rept. No. 114–34) 
                                                                                            Page S2400 
Measures Passed: 
Authorizing Use of Capitol Grounds: Senate 
agreed to H. Con. Res. 21, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby.
                                                        Page S2417 
Authorizing Use of Capitol Grounds: Senate 
agreed to H. Con. Res. 25, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition.
                                   Page S2417 
Authorizing Use of Emancipation Hall: Com-
mittee on Rules and Administration was discharged from further consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, author-izing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S2417 
Hubble Space Telescope: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
149, recognizing the importance and inspiration of the Hubble Space Telescope.
                               Page S2417 Civic and Government Education Programs: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 150, expressing the sense of the Senate about the importance of effective civic and government education programs in schools in the United States.
                                                      Page S2417 
National Safe Digging Month: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 151, supporting the goals and ideals of Na-tional Safe Digging Month.
                                 Page S2417 
Measures Considered: 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency 
Responders Act—Agreement: Senate began con-
sideration of H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements con-tained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                Pages S2371–72, S2381–89 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                           Pages S2381–89 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that following Leader remarks on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, Senator Corker be recognized to offer an amendment to the pending substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S2371 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, April 27, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the bill.
                                                                                   Page S2417 
Newman Nomination—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, April 27, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Dava J. Newman, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration, that there be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D436 April 23, 2015 
yielding back of time, Senate vote, without inter-
vening action or debate, on confirmation of the nom-ination; and that no further motion be in order. 
                                                                                            Page S2417 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By 56 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 165), Loret-
ta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General. 
                                                                                    Pages S2363–78 
During consideration of this nomination today, 
Senate also took the following action: 
By 66 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. 164), Senate 
agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2371 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2398 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2398 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2398 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2399 
Petitions and Memorials:                     Pages S2399–S2400 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2400 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2401–03 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2403–07 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2396–98 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2407–16 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2416–17 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2417 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—165)                                                  Pages S2371, H2378 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:48 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, April 27, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2417.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Health and Human Services, after receiving testi-mony from Sylvia Burwell, Secretary of Health and Human Services. BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee met to con-
sider matters related to markup of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine surface transportation reauthorization, focusing on building on the successes of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) to deliver safe, efficient, and effective public transportation services and projects, after receiving testimony from Michael P. Melaniphy, American Public Transportation Asso-ciation, Janet Kavinoky, U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, and Harry Lombardo, Transport Workers Union of America, all of Washington, D.C.; and Barbara K. Cline, Community Transportation Asso-ciation of America, Spearfish, South Dakota. 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, focusing on airport issues and infrastructure financing, after re-
ceiving testimony from Gerald L. Dillingham, Direc-tor, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Ac-countability Office; Sharon Pinkerton, Airlines for America, and Michael J. Minerva, American Airlines, both of Washington, D.C.; Todd Hauptli, American Association of Airport Executives, Alexandria, Vir-ginia; and Mark M. Reis, Seattle-Tacoma Inter-national Airport, Seattle, Washington. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: On Wednesday, April 22, 
2015, Committee ordered favorably reported: 
S. 995, to establish congressional trade negoti-
ating objectives and enhanced consultation require-ments for trade negotiations, to provide for consider-ation of trade agreements, with amendments; 
An original bill relating to extension of the trade 
adjustment assistance program, and amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and mod-ify the credit for health insurance costs of certain eli-gible individuals; 
An original bill to extend the African Growth and 
Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti; and 
An original bill to reauthorize trade facilitation 
and trade enforcement functions and activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D437 April 23, 2015 
IMPACT OF THE MEDICAL DEVICE TAX ON 
JOBS 
Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on Health Care 
concluded a hearing to examine the impact of the medical device tax on jobs, innovation, and patients, after receiving testimony from Bruce A. Heugel, BBraun of America, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; Quinton J. Farrar, West Surry Strategies, LLC, Keene, New Hampshire; Alyra Donisvitch, Man-chester, Maine; and Mark Judge, Pittsburgh, Penn-sylvania. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine the nominations of Anne Elizabeth Wall, of Illinois, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, Brodi L. Fontenot, of Louisiana, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of the Treasury, and Rafael J. Lopez, of California, to be Commis-sioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, after the nomi-nees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
AFRICA GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY 
ACT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the Africa Growth and Oppor-tunity Act (AGOA), after receiving testimony from Thomas H. Hart, ONE Campaign, Scott Eisner, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Walker A. Williams, Lead-ership Africa USA, and Cathy Feingold, AFL–CIO, all of Washington, D.C.; and William McRaith, PVH Corp., New York, New York. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the nominations of Sally Quillian Yates, of Georgia, to be Deputy Attorney General, Department of Justice, Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Vir-ginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fed-eral Circuit, and Roseann A. Ketchmark, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Missouri. 
CENTRAL AMERICAN MINORS REFUGEE/ 
PAROLE PROGRAM 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and the National Interest concluded a hear-ing to examine the Administration’s Central Amer-ican minors refugee/parole program, after receiving testimony from Joseph Langlois, Associate Director, 
Refugee, Asylum and International Operations Di-rectorate, Citizenship and Immigration Services, De-
partment of Homeland Security; Simon Henshaw, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration; Doris Meiss-ner, Migration Policy Institute, Igor V. Timofeyev, former Director of Immigration Policy and Special Advisor for Refugee and Asylum Affairs, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, Paul Hastings, Anastasia Brown, U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops’ Migration and Refugee Services, Jessica M. Vaughan, Center for Immigration Studies, all of Washington, D.C.; and Jan C. Ting, Temple Uni-versity Beasley School of Law, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: 
S. 552, to amend the Small Business Investment 
Act of 1958 to provide for increased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control; 
S. 957, to increase access to capital for veteran en-
trepreneurs to help create jobs; 
S. 958, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
vide for team and joint venture offers for certain contracts, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 966, to extend the low-interest refinancing pro-
visions under the Local Development Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 967, to require the Small Business Administra-
tion to make information relating to lenders making covered loans publicly available, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 999, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
vide for improvements to small business develop-ment centers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1000, to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs 
by improving the SCORE program, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; and 
S. 1001, to establish authorization levels for gen-
eral business loans for fiscal years 2015 and 2016. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D438 April 23, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 47 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1981–2027; and 4 resolutions, H.J. Res. 47; H. Con. Res. 41; and H. Res. 220–221, were introduced.
                                                Pages H2462–65 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2466–67 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 172, to designate the United States court-
house located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’ (H. Rept. 114–89); and 
H.R. 1690, to designate the United States court-
house located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–90).
                Page H2462 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Woodall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2421 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Terry Ribble, Grace Bible Church, Dunmore, Pennsylvania.
                      Page H2421 
National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 1731, to 
amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to en-hance multi-directional sharing of information re-
lated to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, by a recorded vote of 355 ayes to 63 noes, Roll No. 173. 
                                                                Pages H2423–26, H2426–46 
Pursuant to the Rule, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Homeland Security, the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–12 shall be consid-ered as read.
                                                                 Page H2428 
Rejected the Israel motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Homeland Security with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 180 ayes to 238 noes, Roll No. 172.
                          Pages H2443–44 
Agreed to: 
McCaul amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–88) that makes technical corrections and further clarifies the provisions of the bill; 
                                                                                    Pages H2433–34 
Ratcliffe amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–88) that amends Section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 by refining the defi-nition of cyber ‘‘incident’’ to explicitly restrict infor-mation sharing to incidents that are directly related 
to protecting information systems;
                   Page H2434 
Langevin amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–88) that clarifies that the term ‘‘cy-bersecurity risk’’ does not apply to actions solely in-volving violations of consumer terms of service or consumer licensing agreements;
                 Pages H2434–35 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 4 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–88) that ensures that federal agen-cies supporting cybersecurity efforts of private sector entities remain current on innovation, industry adop-tion of new technologies, and industry best practices as they relate to industrial control systems; 
                                                                                    Pages H2435–37 
Castro amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–88) that makes self-assessment tools avail-able to small and medium-sized businesses to deter-mine their level of cybersecurity readiness; 
                                                                                            Page H2437 
Castro amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–88) that codifies the establishment of the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium (NCPC) made up of university partners and other stakeholders who proactively coordinate to assist state and local officials in cyber security preparation and prevention of cyber attacks;
                Pages H2437–38 
Hurd amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–88) that authorizes the existing Einstein 3A (E3A) program;
                                          Pages H2438–39 
Mulvaney amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–88) that sunsets the provisions of the bill after 7 years;
                                                Pages H2439–40 
Hahn amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–88) that directs the Secretary of Home-land Security to submit a report to Congress con-taining assessments of risks and shortfalls along with recommendations regarding cybersecurity at most at risk ports;
                                                              Pages H2440–41 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 11 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–88) that requires a report to Congress on the best means for aligning federally funded cybersecurity research and development with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil lib-erties while assuring security and resilience of the Nation’s critical infrastructure; and
                 Page H2442 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 10 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–88) that provides for a Govern-ment Accountability Office (GAO) report to Con-
gress 5 years after enactment to assess the impact of this act on privacy and civil liberties (by a recorded vote of 405 ayes to 8 noes, Roll No. 171). 
                                                                Pages H2441–42, H2442–43 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D439 April 23, 2015 
H. Res. 212, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1560) and (H.R. 1731) was agreed to yesterday, April 22nd. 
Pursuant to section 3 of H. Res. 212, in the en-
grossment of H.R. 1560 the Clerk shall: (1) add the text of H.R. 1731, as passed by the House, as new matter at the end of H.R. 1560; (2) conform the title of H.R. 1560 to reflect the addition of H.R. 1731, as passed by the House, to the engrossment; (3) assign appropriate designations to provisions within the engrossment; and (4) conform cross-ref-erences and provisions for short titles within the en-grossment. Upon the addition of the text of H.R. 1731, as passed by the House, to the engrossment of H.R. 1560, H.R. 1731 shall be laid on the table. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 8 p.m. on Monday, April 27th.
                   Page H2448 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns on Tuesday, April 28, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. on Wednesday, April 29. 
                                                                                            Page H2448 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today and appears on page H2426. 
Senate Referrals: S. 178 was held at the desk. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three recorded votes devel-
oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2442–43, H2444–45, and H2445–46. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:55 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-
land Security held a hearing on Customs and Border Protection budget. Testimony was heard from R. Gil Kerlikowske, Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FEDERAL EMERGENCY 
MANAGEMENT AGENCY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-
land Security held a hearing on Federal Emergency Management Agency budget. Testimony was heard from W. Craig Fugate, Administrator, Federal Emer-gency Management Agency. 
APPROPRIATIONS—PROGRAMS 
SUPPORTING NATIVE AMERICANS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing on Programs Supporting Native Americans 
budget. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-
tive Branch held a markup on appropriations bill, FY 2016. The Legislative Branch appropriations bill for FY 2016 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-
tical Air and Land Forces held a markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. H.R. 1735 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Personnel held a markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. H.R. 1735 was forwarded to the full com-mittee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
Seapower and Projection Forces held a markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. H.R. 1735 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. H.R. 1735 was forwarded to the full com-mittee, as amended. 
PROTECTING AMERICA’S WORKERS: AN 
ENFORCEMENT UPDATE FROM THE MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Workers: An Enforce-ment Update from the Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration’’. Testimony was heard from Joseph A. Main, Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health, Department of Labor. 
TITLE II: 21ST CENTURY WORKFORCE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Title II: 21st Century Workforce’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D440 April 23, 2015 
COMBATTING THE OPIOID ABUSE 
EPIDEMIC: PROFESSIONAL AND ACADEMIC PERSPECTIVES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Combatting the Opioid Abuse Epidemic: Profes-sional and Academic Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING REGULATORY BURDENS— 
REGULATOR PERSPECTIVE 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-
nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Regulatory Burdens— Regulator Perspective’’. Testimony was heard from Doreen Eberley, Director, Division of Risk Manage-ment Supervision, Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration; Maryann Hunter, Deputy Director, Divi-sion of Banking Supervision and Regulation, Federal Reserve Board; Toney Bland, Senior Deputy Comp-troller, Office of the Comptroller of Currency; Larry Fazio, Director, Office of Examination and Insurance, National Credit Union Administration; David Sil-berman, Associate Director, Office of Research, Mar-kets and Regulations, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; and a public witness. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 237, the ‘‘FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 500, the ‘‘Survivors of Human Trafficking Empowerment Act’’; H.R. 907, the ‘‘United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1493, the ‘‘Protect and Preserve Inter-national Cultural Property Act’’; H.R. 1567, the ‘‘Global Food Security Act of 2015’’; H. Res. 50, calling for the release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014; and H. Con. Res. 40, encouraging reunions of divided Korean American families. The following legislation was or-dered reported, as amended: H.R. 237, H.R. 500, H.R. 907, H.R. 1567, and H. Res. 50. The fol-lowing legislation was ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1493 and H. Con. Res. 40. 
THE U.S. REBALANCE IN EAST ASIA: 
BUDGET PRIORITIES FOR FY 2016 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Rebalance in East Asia: Budget Priorities for FY 2016’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel R. Russel, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Department of State; and Jonathan Stivers, 
Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agen-cy for International Development. THE DEVASTATING IMPACTS OF 
WILDLAND FIRES AND THE NEED TO BETTER MANAGE OUR OVERGROWN, FIRE- PRONE NATIONAL FORESTS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Devastating Impacts of Wildland Fires and the Need to Better Manage our Overgrown, Fire-prone National For-ests’’. Andy Fecko, Administrator, Placer County Water Agency, Placer County, California; and public witnesses. 
HYDRAULIC FRACTURING: BANNING 
PROVEN TECHNOLOGIES ON POSSIBILITIES INSTEAD OF PROBABILITIES 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Hydraulic Frac-turing: Banning Proven Technologies on Possibilities Instead of Probabilities’’. Testimony was heard from Christi Craddick, Chairman, Railroad Commission of Texas; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing on draft legislation to improve reproductive treatment provided to certain disabled veterans; draft legislation to direct the Department of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration; H.R. 1769, the ‘‘Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 271, the ‘‘COVER Act’’; H.R. 627, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the definition of homeless veteran for purposes of benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs; H.R. 1369, the ‘‘Veterans Access to Extended Care Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1575, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the pilot program on counseling in retreat settings for women veterans newly separated from service in the Armed Forces. Testimony was heard from Represent-atives Bilirakis; Hahn; and Walorski; Rajiv Jain, M.D., Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Patient Care Services, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 1891, to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes; H.R. 1890, the ‘‘Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1892, to ex-tend the trade adjustment assistance program, and for other purposes; H.R. 1907, to reauthorize trade 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D441 April 23, 2015 
facilitation and trade enforcement functions and ac-
tivities, and for other purposes. H.R. 1891 was or-dered reported, without amendment. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1890, H.R. 1892, and H.R. 1907. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY AND 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY BUDGETS 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-
committee on Emerging Threats held a hearing on Department of Energy and Department of Homeland Security budgets. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
ARMENIAN GENOCIDE 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-
mission concluded a hearing to examine the Arme-nian genocide and the ongoing quest for justice, after receiving testimony from Taner Akcam, Clark 
University, Worcester, Massachusetts; Kenneth V. Hachikian, Armenian National Committee of Amer-ica, and Van Z. Krikorian, Board of Trustees of the Armenian Assembly of America, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; Elizabeth H. Prodromou, Tufts Uni-versity Fletcher School, Medford, Massachusetts; and Karine Shnorhokian, Genocide Education Project, Teaneck, New Jersey. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
APRIL 24, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD442 April 23, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, April 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of H.R. 1191, Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act. 
At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nom-
ination of Dava J. Newman, of Massachusetts, to be Dep-uty Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. At approximately 5:30 p.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
8 p.m., Monday, April 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in pro forma 
session at 8 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E575 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E569, E572, E575, E579, 
E581, E583 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E568 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E582 Capps, Lois, Calif., E565 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E583 Costa, Jim, Calif., E573 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E578 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E568 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E579 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E581, E584 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E570, E580, E582, E584 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E571 Farr, Sam, Calif., E564, E567 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E565 
Frankel, Lois, Fla., E580 Gibson, Christopher P., N.Y., E573 Graves, Tom, Ga., E568 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E578 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E583 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E582 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E571 Kato, John, N.Y., E564 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E583 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E573 Long, Billy, Mo., E577 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E569 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E565 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E577 McGovern, James P., Mass., E575 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E571 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E581 
Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E582 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E578, E578, E579, E580, E580, 
E580, E581, E581, E582, E582 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E580 Price, David E., N.C., E564 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E581 
Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E565 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E578 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E567, E568, E570, E572, E574, 
E577 
Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E563, E566 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E579 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E574 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E566 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E583 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Apr 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23AP5.REC D23APPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST