Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8365 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 2015 No. 171 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
November 19, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable M ICHAEL K. 
SIMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
On this final day of session before our 
Nation celebrates Thanksgiving, we give You thanks for all the blessings we enjoy. 
The problems facing the Nation, the 
concerns of its citizens will not be set-tled with simplistic solutions. The light of truth is sought in every corner of darkness, yet we stand humbly be-fore You, admitting our limitations. 
Lord, give the Members of the peo-
ple’s House the ability to listen in-tently to differing opinions and re-spond creatively. May their faith in You be strong enough to stretch every self-interest to the broader vision of the common good, expecting Your intervention in ordered routine, and Your radical twist to basic intent. 
Thus may all seek Your wisdom to 
guide this government and this Nation now and forever. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. LANCE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. SAFETY OF AMERICAN FAMILIES 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, the first value of Amer-ican leadership is the safety and secu-rity of our citizens. 
While it is important to support 
those fleeing conflicts across the globe, the CIA Director’s recent statements on the distinct possibility of additional attacks and the national security im-plications surrounding Syrian refugees at this point are too great to ignore. 
The FBI has also indicated that it is 
next to impossible to appropriately screen refugees. For this reason, I have called upon the President to place a hold on admitting refugees into the country. 
Additionally, I have joined with 
members of the Pennsylvania congres-sional delegation in requesting that Governor Tom Wolf also place a mora-torium on accepting refugees into the Commonwealth. 
The House today will consider legis-
lation that suspends refugee admis-sions until we assure that adequate screening security for threats is in place. 
We must not take any chances that 
could put our country at risk. This is the first in many steps that will pro-vide Americans security, while also supporting our long-term humani-tarian tradition in this country. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
the SAFE Act that will be on the floor later this morning. 
f 
JAPANESE INTERNMENT AND 
REFUGEES 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, 70 years 
ago my parents and grandparents were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.000 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8366 November 19, 2015 
stripped of their possessions and placed 
in Japanese American internment camps. They were not guilty of espio-nage. They did not commit treason. They simply looked like our enemy, and that cost my family their freedom. 
Yesterday the mayor of Roanoke, 
Virginia, suggested that this country’s treatment of Japanese Americans dur-ing the 1940s is a model for how we should address today’s global refugee crisis. 
It does not take courage to condemn 
such disgraceful comments, nor does it take wisdom to say our World War II policies were a product of fear and hysteria. 
What takes wisdom is recognizing 
that history is now repeating itself. What takes courage is sending a mes-sage to the world that America will protect innocent people regardless of their nationality or religion. 
That is what my mother and father 
deserved 70 years ago, and that is what these refugees deserve today. 
f 
LOCAL PRIORITIZATION OF LAND 
AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day the Committee on Natural Re-sources considered a bill that restores the original intent of the Land and Water Conservation Fund: support of State and local projects. 
The LWCF State program has sup-
ported many recreation facilities across the country, including in my district, such as a municipal pool in Susanville, boat launches on the Sac-ramento River, and city parks and playgrounds in Chico, California. 
However, for every worthwhile local 
investment of $20,000 or $30,000, this ad-ministration now disproportionately spends millions on land acquisition for the Forest Service, which already can’t manage what it owns. 
Sixty-one percent so far of the pro-
gram during its existence has gone for this sort of land acquisition. That is not local. The result is catastrophic fires across the West each year with nonmanaged forest lands. 
Mr. Speaker, Chairman B
ISHOP ’s bill 
will rectify this problem and send more funding to the State and local projects that need it and help end the destruc-tive cycle of the Federal Government purchasing and owning land it doesn’t manage, only to have it burn. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
this measure when it comes up. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN SYRIAN 
REFUGEE BILL 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press my concern and opposition to the 
Republican Syrian refugee bill. 
This restrictive and misguided legis-
lation would immediately shut down the current refugee resettlement and cripple our refugee programs for the fu-ture. 
I represent Orange County, Cali-
fornia, one of the historically known areas of resettling refugees from all around the world. We are ready. We are ready. 
Once this administration has taken a 
look at the backgrounds, has done the extensive research that they do with respect to somebody’s background, we are ready to help resettle these refu-gees. 
Refusing to resettle any Syrian refu-
gees would inadvertently empower Daesh and boost their recruitment abilities among vulnerable populations struggling to survive. We cannot let Daesh push us to succumb to fear and to prejudice. 
These Syrian refugees are fleeing the 
same violence that we have seen in Paris and Beirut and Baghdad this last week. Three-quarters of them are women and children. A quarter of them are over 60 years of age. Refugees are not the enemy. 
So remember the words on our Stat-
ue of Liberty: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearn-ing to breathe free.’’ 
f 
QUOTES TO REMEMBER 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, as the world faces mass killings by ISIS, Daesh, of Russian, Lebanese, and French citizens, as Daesh has announced plans to target Washington and Rome and New York, we need to review how we got here and together change course. 
President George W. Bush on July 12, 
2007, declared: ‘‘To begin withdrawing before our commanders tell us we are ready would be dangerous for Iraq, for the region, and for the United States. It would mean surrendering the future of Iraq to al Qaeda. It would mean that we’d be risking mass killings on a hor-rific scale. It would mean we allow the terrorists to establish a safe haven in Iraq to replace the one they lost in Af-ghanistan.’’ 
President Barack Obama on Decem-
ber 14, 2011, claimed: ‘‘Everything that American troops have done in Iraq . . . all of it has led to this moment of suc-cess. We’re leaving behind a sovereign, stable, and self-reliant Iraq.’’ 
I agree with former New York City 
Mayor Rudy Giuliani that the Presi-dent’s failed policies created the devel-opment of Daesh, leading to the Syrian refugee crisis, resulting in children drowning at sea. The President should change course. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the 
global war on terrorism. 
f 
CRS REPORTS SHOULD BE 
PUBLICLY AVAILABLE 
(Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, this week 
Americans for Tax Reform joins the chorus of advocacy and good govern-ment groups calling for Congressional Research Service reports to be avail-able to the public. 
In its letter of support, Americans 
for Tax Reform said that opening CRS reports to the public is a commonsense proposal that will increase trans-parency, give taxpayers greater access to important information, and enrich public knowledge. 
The taxpayer advocacy group pointed 
out that the rules casting CRS reports into secrecy are outdated and unneces-sary, and these reports belong in the public domain. 
U.S. taxpayers support the work of 
the Congressional Research Service to the tune of more than $100 million a year. It is fiscally responsible and good public policy to allow educators, stu-dents, members of the news media, and everyday citizens access to these tax-payer-financed reports. 
I urge my colleagues to join Con-
gressman M
IKEQUIGLEY and me in our 
bipartisan support of H. Res. 34, which will open CRS information to the pub-lic. These reports are paid for by tax-payer funds. Taxpayers should get to see them. 
f 
OPERATION CHRISTMAS CHILD 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize Samaritan’s Purse, an or-ganization headquartered in Boone, North Carolina, that brings spiritual and physical aid to hurting people around the world. 
This week is the national collection 
week for the organization’s Operation Christmas Child ministry, which puts empty shoe boxes to good use by filling them with gifts for needy children. 
In order to participate, one needs to 
start with a shoe box, then decide whether to pack a box for a girl or a boy, and pick the age category: 2 to 4, 5 to 9, or 10 to 14. Finally, one fills the shoe box with gifts, including fun toys, hygiene items, and school supplies. 
This year I packed a shoe box for a 
girl between the ages of 5 and 9. It is a simple concept that brings so much joy to the children who receive these spe-cial packages. I urge everyone to con-sider participating in this worthy pro-gram. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.002 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8367 November 19, 2015 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 4038, AMERICAN SECU-RITY AGAINST FOREIGN EN-EMIES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 531 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 531 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4038) to require that sup-plemental certifications and background in-vestigations be completed prior to the ad-mission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on House Resolution 531 currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I usually begin my statements talk-ing about the technicalities of the rule, who is managing the general debate time, and a recap of the testimony and amendments we received in the Com-mittee on Rules hearing. These are im-portant items to discuss before this body. But today is different. The de-bates that we will have on this rule and the underlying legislation will be and should be different. 
I will be honest. This bill has nothing 
to do today with job creation. It has nothing to do with reducing regulatory burden or empowering educators to focus on the needs of students rather than the wish list of unions. Those are important issues that we will address in coming weeks. But today is dif-ferent. 
b0945 
Today, we face the growing evil in 
the world and resolve to fight against it, no matter the price. The power of 
ISIS to kill and destroy has stunned the world and called us to question who we are as individuals, as people of faith, and as a Nation. 
It doesn’t matter how many press 
conferences this administration holds, they will not distract from their abdi-cation of responsibility to the security of the United States and the security of its citizens. 
The pro-rape, pro-torture, pro-muti-
lation strategy of Islamic State does not shrink in the face of meaningless words by our Commander in Chief. We are here today because this administra-tion has failed. In the face of unspeak-able violence and terror, the White House blinked. And our world is paying the price. 
My colleagues across the aisle no 
doubt plan to deliver moral lectures, as this administration is so fond of, dis-missing those who suggest that the Is-lamic State will use any means pos-sible to bring America to her knees. Before they do, let me remind them the price this country has paid for freedom. 
Soil around the world is soaked with 
the blood of our sons and our daughters who gave it all so that we may be free—as Lincoln said, ‘‘that last full measure of devotion’’—and so those who seek refuge can find safety and se-curity in our country. 
Despite what the administration 
wants you to believe, refugees don’t seek safe haven because of our welfare benefits. It is because we don’t nego-tiate with terrorists. It is because we recognize our first and greatest respon-sibility is the life and liberty of those who call America home. 
We are a Nation of immigrants. We 
are a Nation of laws. And we are a Na-tion with a fundamental responsibility to preserve the rights of our citizens. And those rights include life. 
The United States has one of the 
most generous legal immigration pro-grams in the world, welcoming the hurting and abandoned, the persecuted and destitute. And we will continue to. But we will not welcome terrorists. We will not sacrifice moral courage on the altar of quotas. 
This country and the world will be 
judged by future generations on our re-sponse as a Nation and as individuals 
to the Islamic State and those they have raped, tortured, driven from their homes, and murdered. And I believe we will also be judged on our commitment to the safety of the millions of men, women, and children already living within our borders. 
The underlying legislation, H.R. 4038, 
isn’t about who we welcome into our country. It is about keeping out those who pose a threat to our national secu-rity. 
Last night, the Rules Committee re-
ceived testimony from the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee chairmen and minority representa-tives, as well as receiving amendment testimony from a number of Members on both sides of the aisle, for over 4 hours. Now, more than ever, those who seek 
shelter in the United States deserve the assurance that our government is doing everything within its power to protect them from the very evil they fled. 
But where is the administration? 
Perhaps if the Commander in Chief would stop holding press conferences to lecture Republicans and start leading the world in the fight against terror-ists, we wouldn’t have thousands upon thousands tortured, displaced, and killed. 
The White House said ISIS was con-
tained less than 24 hours before 100 peo-ple became the latest victims of ter-rorism on the streets of Paris. And, oh, by the way, before releasing five from Guantanamo that morning. It seems the President was too busy practicing his Turkish for the G–20 Summit re-marks to notice the world is crumbling and the Islamic State is growing stronger. 
In fact, when the President spoke at 
the G–20 Summit press conference, here is what he mentioned before addressing the terrorist attacks in Paris: the beauty of Turkey; the hospitality of the Turkish people; his practice of the Turkish language; the need to grow the global economy; the need to create jobs; rising inequality in the world; cyber theft; and oh, yes, global climate talks. 
There is no question that we have a 
political commentator when what our Nation and the world needs is a Com-mander in Chief. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for yielding me the 
customary 30 minutes. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. First, Mr. Speaker, 
I don’t blame the gentleman of Georgia for not wanting to talk about the rule because, today, we are about to debate the 46th closed rule of this Congress, making this the most closed session of Congress in history. Speaker R
YAN 
promised an open and deliberative process when he took the gavel. He has 
already reneged on that promise. 
Representatives B
ENNIE THOMPSON  
and Z OELOFGREN offered an alter-
native to today’s bill that deserves de-bate on the House floor, but the Repub-licans on this Rules Committee prohib-ited debate under this completely closed process. 
The bill that we are about to debate 
wasn’t even introduced until 10:14 p.m. Tuesday night. There have been no hearings—none at all—no markups, and no opportunities for bipartisan input. And, quite frankly, there was not a lot of opportunity for rank-and- file Republicans to have any input on this. Even more stunning, the Judici-ary Committee is holding a hearing today—right now—on the very subject we are going to vote on in an hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.004 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8368 November 19, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, we all understand why 
people are anxious and concerned. We all watched with horror as the brutal attacks in Paris played out on our TV screens. And our thoughts and our prayers continue to be with the people of Paris, whose courage inspires all of us. 
Keeping Americans safe is our top 
priority. And in the wake of the Paris attacks, that mission has never been more important. But in the days since those terrible attacks, there has been a deeply troubling debate about whether the United States should accept Syrian refugees. In the past week, we have heard far too many of our leaders stir-ring up fear and far too few talking about the facts. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans want an 
honest and serious debate about how we keep our country safe, but this bill, the so-called American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act, or the American SAFE Act, falls far short. 
Instead of debating a bill that might 
actually strengthen and enhance our refugee resettlement screening process, we are debating a bill that appeals to the worst in us and hurts the very peo-ple who are fleeing the violence and chaos ISIS has wrought. 
The authors of this bill boast that 
‘‘this legislation would put in place the most robust national security vetting process in history for any refugee popu-lation.’’ But the simple truth is that the United States already has in place the most rigorous screening process for refugee resettlement in the world. 
Right now, Mr. Speaker, America’s 
refugee screening process already in-volves seven different Federal depart-ments and agencies, including the State Department, the Department of Homeland Security, the National Coun-terterrorism Center, the FBI’s Ter-rorist Screening Center, the Depart-ment of Defense, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
Beyond that, every refugee from 
Syria is also subjected to an additional layer of security and scrutiny. This process is so detailed that it takes, on average, about 2 years for each refugee to be fully screened and allowed to enter the United States, under the sponsorship of a local service agency, and be settled here. Two years. 
Now, I would think that every Mem-
ber of this House would feel reassured knowing that such a process is already in place to protect our citizens and our communities. We have already reset-tled over 1,800 Syrian refugees over the past 4 years in 130 communities across America. In the past year, Massachu-setts has resettled 62 Syrian refugees, including 24 in my hometown of Worcester. Of the 2,174 Syrian refugees that we have resettled in the United States since 9/11, not a single one has been arrested or deported on terrorism- related grounds. Not one. 
I recognize that there are ways that 
we can strengthen that process further. The Congress could consult and work with the administration, including 
Homeland Security, the State Depart-ment, the national intelligence agen-cies, and the FBI, to identify and dis-cuss areas where enhancements can be made. But that is not what the authors of this bill did. And it is clear that it wasn’t their intention either. 
What H.R. 4038 would actually 
‘‘achieve’’ is the creation of a so-called process that would shut down all ref-ugee resettlement from Syria and Iraq. It is not meant to make things better. It is meant to make it completely un-workable. 
Nothing in this bill actually im-
proves the FBI’s or any other intel-ligence agency’s ability to conduct a more effective screening process. If you want to do that, give them more money for more personnel and consult with them directly about how to strengthen the existing screening proc-ess. This bill hasn’t done that. 
Right now, of the more than 1,800 
Syrian refugees resettled in the United States since 2012, half are children, a quarter are adults over the age of 60, and none have been involved in any-thing remotely tied to terrorism or violent activity. 
Mr. Speaker, America is at a critical 
crossroads. It is moments like this that define who we are as a Nation. This bill, along with the deeply troubling rhetoric that surrounds it, would only perpetuate the politics of fear and in-tolerance. Americans are better than that. And now, more than ever, we must stay true to our values. 
Our enemies want to divide us. We 
must remain strong and united in the face of this evil. We must not abandon the clear-eyed compassion that has made America the shining city on the hill for more than two centuries, giving hope to so many generations before us in search of a better life for themselves and for their children. 
In July, I traveled to Gaziantep, Tur-
key, near the Syrian border, with a congressional delegation led by Sen-ator T
IMKAINE of Virginia. While 
there, we heard directly from govern-ment leaders, local NGOs, and charities on the front lines helping the countless Syrian refugees who have lost their homes and many of their friends and family. They are desperate to escape the violence and are part of the world’s worst refugee crisis since World War II. We cannot shrink from this moment when strong American leadership is needed. 
One of the most important reminders 
of the legacy we must live up to is the Statue of Liberty. For more than 100 years, it has stood as a promise for bet-ter life for the ‘‘huddled masses yearn-ing to breathe free.’’ We cannot turn our backs on the values at the heart of our identity as Americans. To do this would cede a victory to the terrorists. Yet the fear, anger, prejudice, and iso-lationism that are driving the current debate on Syrian refugees remind me of some of the darkest and ugliest chap-ters of modern American history. Many Americans—some in this 
Chamber—still remember the moment in our Nation’s history when we turned away ships filled with Jewish refugees desperate to escape Nazi Germany and imprisoned our fellow citizens of Japa-nese heritage in internment camps. Do we really want to return to these kinds of destructive and hateful policies? Is that really who we are today? 
I am so proud of America’s leadership 
in providing $4.5 billion in aid to Syr-ian refugees in the region—more than any other country. I am also proud that the U.S. Office of Refugee Reset-tlement places a priority on accepting widows with children and highly vul-nerable individuals, especially the el-derly and the infirm. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4038 would shut 
down our resettlement program alto-gether. That is what it wants to do, and that is what it intends to do. 
The refugees eligible for resettlement 
in the United States are not the refu-gees in Europe. The refugees coming into the United States through our re-settlement program have been living in refugee camps for months—often years—under unimaginably harsh con-ditions. 
A woman and her 3-year-old little 
girl whose home in Syria was reduced to rubble by barrel bombs and whose husband has been killed will be denied the opportunity to go through the rig-orous screening process to find a new home in America. 
An elderly woman who has lost ev-
erything and is barely alive now in a refugee camp will be denied a home in America, even if she has some distant relatives already in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, where is our humanity? 
None of the Syrian refugees who have already made it through our screening process and have been resettled in the United States fit the description of the terrorists I have heard described over and over again last night in the Rules Committee. Those ugly distortions of the people we are resettling only em-phasize how out of touch with reality this debate has gotten. 
Mr. Speaker, if we really want to 
help make America more safe and more secure in the wake of the Paris at-tacks, then we should put more money in the omnibus appropriations bill for the FBI, DHS, and for our local law en-forcement agencies so that they can continue focusing on criminal and homegrown as well as possible foreign individuals and networks that might engage in violence against our citizens. 
And, while we are at it, we should 
also increase the funding for the State Department, HHS, the UNHCR, and the NGOs that provide humanitarian aid abroad and resettlement support to ref-ugee families here in America. But let us stop wasting our time with a bill that is going nowhere and fails to offer the serious approach we need to keep America safe and address this crisis. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.006 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8369 November 19, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I was sort of amazed—it took almost 
probably 7 or 8 minutes—but we came to the real heart of the problem: just throw money at it. If you don’t fix a problem, just throw money at it. When you are showing no leadership, I guess I would throw a diversionary tactic out there and do that as well. 
What I am having trouble under-
standing is also what has been said by many speakers this morning, Mr. Speaker, and that is that true refugees are not the problem. They can still apply. Nothing in this bill keeps that rigorous process from them applying and going through that process. We are simply adding a certification step. 
Now, undoubtedly, that is a little 
cumbersome for our Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security be-cause he has this problem: he says it is cumbersome for him to certify each Syrian refugee personally. 
There are issues here. Is it just 
hugely cumbersome and not the most effective use of the Secretary’s time? I am sorry; you are the Secretary of Homeland Security in this country. Your job is to keep us protected. How-ever that may play out, get the re-sources and do what you are supposed to be doing. 
It is not like the example of keeping 
a young mother with kids from going through the process. There is nothing in this bill that does that. That is a distraction. 
b1000 
I will talk about the rule. The rule is 
straightforward. Vote for the rule in just a few minutes. Vote with the side of those protecting America. Make sure that we are protected. That is a simple choice this morning. 
That is what this rule does. It gets us 
to a bill that allows us to put an extra level of security and an extra level of certification so this administration cannot just continue to do what they are doing. 
I was stunned just a few moments 
ago when I heard from my friend that this appeals to the worst in the U.S. 
This appeals to the worst in the U.S.? 
Protecting America and trying to find ways to do that appeals to the worst of us? 
That, to me, is derogatory to every 
man and woman who serves in our military, who goes and fights for free-dom not only here but abroad. You are telling me to add a level of protection to those who live within our borders is appealing to the base of who we are? 
That is not true. Deflect how you 
want to. Talk about this bill. Vote ‘‘no’’ if you want to. Go on the side of saying, you know, we have got it pret-ty good right now. Those that have come haven’t done anything. 
I would rather see a proactive ap-
proach. I would rather see something that is very reflective of the world’s times. When we do that, then we are fulfilling our role. That is the best of 
America, not the worst. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ). 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to oppose this rule. This bill, H.R. 4038, was rushed to the floor with no hearings, no opportunities for amend-ments, none of the things that Speaker R
YANpromised us about an open proc-
ess, a bottom-up process. 
Now, I agree that preventing dan-
gerous actors from entering the United States is paramount, and I also agree that we must be strong in our resolve to confront and defeat terrorism wher-ever it comes from. But I submitted an amendment to this bill which would have excluded women and children from the extra and potentially onerous process this bill would enact for ref-ugee vetting. 
Refugees from this region already un-
dergo a far more rigorous screening process than anybody else seeking ad-mission to this country. The process takes, on average, between 18 and 24 months—and longer, in many cases— before a refugee sets foot on U.S. soil. Surely this process is sufficient for women and children, widows and or-phans of terrorism who are particu-larly vulnerable during conflicts while fleeing, who come from refugee camps. 
It means that this bill is particularly 
punitive for them if it means they have additional wait time. Imposing that kind of additional wait time while going through unnecessary bureau-cratic steps to vet those low-risk indi-viduals makes no sense. 
Speaker R
YAN, I oppose this rule be-
cause you are not living up to your promise. We ought to have debate. We ought to have hearings, and you ought to allow amendments like this one that would make an exception for widows and orphans. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would just say, if the gentleman 
agrees that we need to enforce and have strong protections to make sure that we are not attacked, then my rec-ommendation would be vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. It is a pretty simple choice here. Or you can go back and explain to most of the people in your district who agree that we need to protect our country—it is something across our country, from coast to coast, that says this is some-thing that is worth doing, and I think we need to look at that. 
I do want to hit this hard in just a 
moment. There are times—and espe-cially when you come to a decision like this—when we understand how we got here and that it was put together by six chairmen who, over the weekend and this past week after the tragic re-sult of last Friday night in Paris, have put together this first step in legisla-tion to deal with this, and there will be other steps coming. But to characterize this as something that basically has 
not been considered—there are com-mittees, the Judiciary Committee on which I serve, the Homeland Security Committee, and others, who have been looking at this issue for a long time. 
This is something that has come to-
gether, and it gives us an immediate first step, and it makes a very clear choice. 
Do you want to add a layer of protec-
tion to protect the American people or not? If you don’t want to, vote ‘‘no.’’ If you don’t want to do that, vote ‘‘no.’’ Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. Talk about the process. Whine about whatever you want. But this is a clear choice. The bill is protection or not. 
The other issue that we need to real-
ly just assess here is, when we look at what we are doing, the question is about leadership, and the question is about how are we going to protect those. It doesn’t shut it down. 
Also, it was just mentioned just a lit-
tle bit ago that there was a hearing right now. The implication was that the hearing had something to do with this bill. Let’s just be very clear. The hearing is about the Syrian refugee issue as a whole, not this bill. We are not taking away from that. This is an issue and a hearing that had been planned. It is happening. Those are other discussions that will be coming forward. 
So let’s at least make sure that we 
are giving the right implications on what is going on on the Hill right now. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Georgia for clarifying that point, which now means that there are zero hearings on this bill and no markup. It doesn’t make me feel very good about this process. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I have 
lived in Paterson, New Jersey, all my life, which has a large Syrian American population. In fact, when I came back from the service, I joined the American Legion. It was the John Raad Post, which was a Syrian American military organization. These are hardworking people here. 
The advantage of what we are doing, 
and over the past 4 years since the be-ginning of the Syrian war, the civil war, is that we are connecting refugees with Syrian American families. 
There are no harder working people 
in this country than Syrian Americans. Know the history of it. They didn’t come here last week. 
So here is the chart. This is what you 
need to go through to get a refugee into the United States of America. I hope you looked at the chart. I hope you have examined every step, the 14 steps. Let’s not get into one side wants to secure America more than the other side. 
I served in the Armed Forces. I was 
on the beginning of the Select Com-mittee on Homeland Security. I don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.007 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8370 November 19, 2015 
like anybody telling me: You guys 
tried to do that in 2005, and you lost in 2006. Stay away from it. 
No one party is privy to protecting 
this country. We all want that. But we are not going to sacrifice what we, as Americans, are. We are not going to do this. 
When women and children who have 
nothing on their back—nothing—and 2 or 3 years, they could finally come to the gate of the greatest country in the world—yeah, you may smile over there, but I am very serious about what I am saying. This is a very serious moment in our history. 
I want to protect America. I want to 
be strong. I don’t agree with all the President’s Syrian policies, but I think that we are doing harm to ourselves and sending the wrong message. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 1 minute. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is reminded to address his re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to salute the Speaker of the House, and here is why I want to salute him. He defused the religious connotations when this was first brought up. He did that yesterday, and I salute him. 
Imagine, to have one line for Chris-
tian Syrians and another line for Mus-lim Syrians. What are we reduced to here? What message does that send to the rest of the world? You tell me. It is shameful. 
So I thank him for that. I don’t impugn anybody on the other 
side. I don’t question their motives. I don’t think that this is a good idea. 
The commitment we have to public 
safety can be upheld even as we provide refuge to some of the world’s most vul-nerable people. When you sleep to-night, think about the world’s most vulnerable people, and we can still keep America safe. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s words. I 
agree with him. No party claims a right of both as one protects, one doesn’t. But I will say this: Both of us have the same commitment to raising our hand and saying we do protect. Both parties have that in common. 
And as someone who has served, my-
self, and been in a war zone in Iraq and understands what this is about, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s feelings. My problem is this: Go to your district. As was said just a few moments ago, they felt better about no hearings. My ques-tion is, go to your district and ask your district this question, Mr. Speaker: Would you rather have a hearing, or would you rather do something to pro-tect them? 
Would you rather have hearings or go 
and do something to protect, and then come back, as we have done hearings, and work moving forward? This is a process that should be to-
gether. I am really, frankly, amazed that we are not together on this be-cause, at this point, it does nothing—I repeat, does nothing—to shut the proc-ess down. It simply adds a layer of pro-tection. 
It doesn’t shut it down. It doesn’t de-
fame our humanitarian effort around world in which we lead the way in both money and resources, and it still al-lows that mother with those kids to apply and go through the process. 
We are simply saying, let’s pause a 
moment and make sure that it is not just the mother with the kids, that there is not somebody else abusing the system, there is not somebody else hid-ing through the system that wants to come into this country and do us harm. 
Let’s frame this in very simple 
terms. It is a very simple bill. It is only 
four pages. When we understand that, we can continue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am stunned to just listen to the 
gentleman from Georgia basically tell us that you can have either a bill or you can have regular order, but you can’t have both. 
This is the greatest deliberative body 
on the planet. We are supposed to dis-cuss issues. We are supposed to debate issues. Committees are supposed to do their work and report that, then, to the Rules Committee to come to the floor. But to suggest that you have a choice here, you can’t have both, is ridiculous. 
The Speaker of the House promised 
regular order. He has reneged on that promise. It is outrageous, especially on a bill like this, that we cannot have amendments; that even the committees of jurisdiction can’t even do their job. It is an outrage. It is shameful. How can you defend that kind of process? 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
associate myself with the gentleman from Massachusetts because I think it is important for my colleagues to un-derstand that, when you talk about process, you talk about responding in the right way to crisis. 
Let me be very clear. The inquiry 
that my friends on the other side of the aisle are making is correct, to find out how we can ensure the safety and secu-rity of the American people. 
I sit on the Homeland Security Com-
mittee and, like my friend from New Jersey, from the very beginning, the tragedy of 9/11. 
I am the ranking member on the 
Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee. There is no way that I would stand here and jeopardize the security of the American people. 
Let me also say, I represent the 
Catholic diocese, Catholic Charities, Lutheran Services, Interfaith Min-istries in my district, and I would ask my colleague on the other side of the aisle to query them about whether or not they support this legislation. There are people who understand the 
burdensomeness and the wrongness of the direction in which we are going. 
Is it appropriate to inquire and have 
a report to Congress to ensure that there are strictures in dealing with those coming to this country from Syria or anywhere else? Yes, it is. But is it ridiculous to ensure or to insist that this 5-year-old little girl must be individually certified by the FBI, the DNI, Counterterrorism, and the CIA, and a long litany of others? That is what we are saying. 
First of all, there were 23,000 who 
were recommended by the United Na-tions, Syrians, to come into the United States. The Department of Homeland Security selected only 7,000 to inter-view. In that 7,000, only 2,000 have gone through the process through an 18- to 20-month period. 
We are saying to the American peo-
ple, if you want to get rid of ISIS, take the fight to ISIS. That is what we are doing with our allies, to destroy and eliminate ISIS. But to be able to say to our allies around the world that we are putting a stop sign on our refugees from Syria that look like mothers and fathers and old people is absolutely ab-surd. 
The inquiry is correct; the process is 
wrong. Let us not distort this to the American people and tell them an un-truth, that one side of the aisle is against the security and the other side is not. 
Take the fight to the caliphate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-
woman 15 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. This is an im-
proper approach. You cannot certify a 5-year-old girl from Syria. She will never get in. 
The process is extensive, it is defi-
nite, it is secure, and we are securing the American people. Let’s work to-gether, as my friend on the other side of the aisle has said, and do it right. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Also, I just want to say that it 
shouldn’t have been shocking. There was nothing in part of what I said, that you have to have regular order or a bill. I am simply saying, here is the process it went through that we have had here. 
That is a false dichotomy, Mr. Speak-
er. It is not true. I never said you couldn’t have regular order and have a bill. You have both. In this case, you have a bill. 
b1015 
The bill says in very plain and simple 
terms—4 pages—here is what it does, and that is where we go at it. To con-tinue to say that it does other stuff that it doesn’t do is simply wrong. We are just simply saying: We are giving another layer of protection. Take that layer of protection. Let’s continue to have our hearings, let’s continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.008 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8371 November 19, 2015 
have our debate, and we will be bring-
ing others because we are already tak-ing the fight—and that is another issue that we need to have. It is time to call the radical Islamic terrorists what they are, thugs in this world, rapists, torturers, and murderers. They have no regard for religion and no regard for themselves. They are simply plain thugs. 
If we want to talk about what we are 
fighting, then let’s put it in those terms. Let’s put it in those terms. I prefer that we have an extra measure of protection keeping those folks out while we take the fight to them be-cause I believe, as the Air Force that I serve and the military we have, the fight is coming to them, and the thugs will not win. We are just going to put an extra measure of protection here to make sure they don’t come in here while maintaining the integrity of our program. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, those of us on our side 
have no problem with taking the fight to the thugs. What we have a problem with is taking the fight to orphans, widows, young children, and senior citizens who are fleeing war and terror. To turn our backs on those individuals, to basically shut this process down— and that is what this would do. By the way, the authors of the bill admitted that last night in the Rules Com-mittee. This is not going to stop the refugee resettlement process in its place. But to do that goes against the very best traditions and values of this country. 
We are better than that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Massachu-setts for yielding and for his leadership on these critical issues. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to the rule, H. Res. 531, and also to the bill, H.R. 4038, the American Secu-rity Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015. Foreign enemies—refugees. 
We all watched with horror as uncon-
scionable violence unfolded in Paris over the weekend, but also in Egypt, in Lebanon, and in Nigeria. So let me just first say that my thoughts and prayers go out to all of those who have been af-fected by all of these tragedies. 
But it would be a grave mistake to 
use these attacks as a pretense to close our doors to the families that are flee-ing ISIL in their own countries. The overwhelming majority, of course, are women and children. Just as the unfor-tunate attacks of 911 required us to step up and lead, we are at that mo-ment again where Members of Congress need to lead. 
This counterproductive bill would 
immediately shut down the resettle-ment of refugees from countries such as Syria and Iraq while significantly slowing down—yes, shutting down—our 
resettlement process in the future. 
But, of course, as Members of Con-
gress, our first goal is keeping our country safe. We all are committed to that, and we do that each and every day. But preventing these people suf-fering the violence of war—the violence of war—sends the wrong signal first to our allies; to our own country. And really, this is not consistent with our national security goals. Simply put, closing our doors to these refugees would really be a betrayal of our Na-tion’s most fundamental values. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States al-
ready has the lengthiest and most ro-bust screening procedures in the world. Any refugees seeking to come to the United States go through a screening process that takes 18 to 24 months be-fore they can even set foot on United States soil. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the gentlewoman from California an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, our screening 
process has already involved multiple Federal intelligence, security, and law enforcement agencies, including the Department of Homeland Security, the National Counterterrorism Center, and the FBI. These agencies subject those seeking refuge in the United States to safeguards, such as biometric and bio-graphic checks. Syrian refugees are al-ready subject to additional forms of se-curity screening. 
Mr. Speaker, it is worth noting—it 
has been said before, and I will say it again—that of the 2,174 Syrian refugees admitted to the United States since September 11, 2001, not a single one has been arrested or deported on terrorism- related grounds. I am proud that Oak-land—in my congressional district—has resettled more Syrian refugees than any other East Bay area city in Cali-fornia. Rather than working to shut out those seeking refugee in our coun-try, we should instead be working to-ward ensuring a regionally led, com-prehensive, economic, political, and diplomatic solution to the conflicts that have led to the worst refugee cri-sis since World War II. 
Mr. Speaker, this would stop the flow 
of refugees and give them a chance to live in their own country free of war and violence. I urge my colleagues to reject this rule and this unnecessary bill. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I find it a great privilege to stand here and really not believe that a bill that protects the interests of Ameri-cans I find never is unnecessary. In fact, I find it needed at this point. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank my colleague from Georgia for engaging in this debate. I know it sometimes seems to be a lonely job, es-pecially when you are right, you are correct, and you are putting the best 
interests of the American people ahead of partisan politics. So I applaud you, and I applaud all my colleagues who are going to support this underlying rule and move on to support the final bill. 
I heard a comment while I was fol-
lowing the debate, and someone said that Speaker R
YANhas reneged on his 
promises. 
Mr. Speaker, if anybody has reneged 
on their promises, I believe it is the President of the United States of America. As Commander in Chief, he has the ultimate responsibility to lead our troops. But also his number one constitutional responsibility is the common defense of this Nation against all enemies, both domestic and foreign. But he has made America weaker. He has made our military weaker. The international community, our friends, no longer trust us, and our enemies no longer fear us. So if anybody has reneged on their responsibilities, it is the President of the United States. 
Just now, Mr. Speaker, we started to 
basically really try to cut off the flow of money to ISIS and to the Islamic radicals. For over 2 years, we have been telling them to go after the oil reve-nues. That is where they are making their money. They are making it be-cause they are smuggling oil out of the country and selling it on the black market, and they are making billions of dollars a year. Just now, we decide, well, we are going to go after the oil tankers that carry the oil so they can make the money, so they can buy weapons, and then they can basically export terrorism all around the world. 
Twenty-five years ago, I remember 
pretty much this month I was acti-vated for the Persian Gulf War. One thing I do remember is we bombed the hell out of our enemies before we sent our men and women in uniform with boots on the ground in there. And pret-ty much, as we all know, within a week, the Iraq war was over with. 
So, Mr. Speaker, it baffles the mind 
why we are waiting for the last mo-ment to actually cut off the revenues that are funding this global jihad and this radical Islam. But, like my col-league from Georgia and those who are going to support this rule and support the bill, we understand our constitu-tional responsibilities. 
Our number one responsibility is the 
common defense of this Nation at home and abroad. That means taking care of people in our congressional districts, taking care of people in our State, and taking care of the American people. So you are either with us or against us on this. 
I just want to urge my colleagues to 
support the underlying rule, support the bill, and let’s start taking care of Americans, and the rest will take care of itself. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the remaining time. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to urge my col-
leagues to defeat the previous question. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.010 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8372 November 19, 2015 
If we do, I will offer an amendment to 
the rule that would simply allow us to debate and vote on a reasonable alter-native in addition to the Republican bill that we are considering today. This record-breaking closed rule shuts down both Republicans and Democrats, makes it impossible for them to be able to participate in the legislative proc-ess, and prevents us from considering reasonable, commonsense alternatives. If we are truly interested in actually enhancing the security of the United States and protecting the American people, maybe we ought to come to-gether and behave like adults and work together to come up with a solution that actually works. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude in the R ECORD a letter that was 
signed by 81 NGOs that work in the field of humanitarian relief and refugee resettlement in support of the refugee resettlement program and the Syrian refugee resettlement program. 
NOVEMBER 17, 2015. 
DEARSENATOR /REPRESENTATIVE : As refugee 
and immigration law experts, humanitarian aid organizations, faith, labor and civil and human rights groups, we write to express our support for the U.S. refugee resettlement program. The world is witnessing the largest refugee crisis since World War II. More than 4 million Syrians have fled from their home country fleeing conflict and violence, and 6.5 million are displaced internally. 
At a time when the world needs humani-
tarian leadership, some are now calling for the suspension of the U.S. refugee resettle-ment program or the imposition of restric-tions on funding for Syrians and other groups of refugees. We oppose these pro-posals and believe they would jeopardize the United States’ moral leadership in the world. 
Syrian refugees are fleeing exactly the 
kind of terror that unfolded on the streets of Paris. They have suffered violence just like this for almost five years. Most have lost loved ones to persecution and violence, in ad-dition to having had their country, their community, and everything they own bru-tally taken from them. 
Refugees are the most thoroughly vetted 
group of people who come to the United States. Security screenings are rigorous and involve the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the FBI, the Department of Defense and multiple intelligence agencies. Department of Homeland Security officials interview each refugee to determine whether they meet the refugee definition and whether they are admissible to the United States. Refu-gees undergo a series of biometric and inves-tigatory background checks, including col-lection and analysis of personal data, finger-prints, photographs, and other background information, all of which is checked against government databases. The entire process typically takes more than two years and often much more before the refugee would arrive in the U.S. In addition the Adminis-tration is already taking steps, with its ex-isting authority, to increase the capacity of its security and screening procedures for ref-ugees. There is no need for Congress to im-
pose additional restrictions or security measures. 
The United States decides which refugees 
to resettle. Because so few refugees in the world are resettled, the U.S. often chooses the most vulnerable, including refugees who cannot remain safely where they are and families with children who cannot receive the medical care they need to survive. 
To turn our back on refugees would be to 
betray our nation’s core values. It would send a demoralizing and dangerous message to the world that the United States makes judgments about people based on the country they come from and their religion. This feeds into extremist propaganda and makes us all less safe. We call upon Congress to dem-onstrate leadership by speaking out against the scapegoating of any group during this time of crisis and to ensure that our nation’s humanitarian efforts are robust. 
The United States is a welcoming country 
with a diverse society and our resettlement program must continue to reflect this. 
We can welcome refugees while ensuring 
our own security. Refugees have enriched communities across our country and have been part of the American fabric for genera-tions. Historically our nation has responded to every major war or conflict and has reset-tled refugees from Africa, South East Asia, Eastern Europe as well as the Middle-East. Closing the door to refugees would be disas-trous for not only the refugees themselves, but their family members in the United States who are waiting for them to arrive, and our reputation in the world. 
Sincerely, 
The Advocates for Human Rights, Alliance 
for Citizenship, American Civil Liberties Union, American Immigration Lawyers As-sociation, American Jewish Committee (AJC), American Refugee Committee, Amer-ica’s Voice Education Fund, Anti-Defama-tion League, Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund (AALDEF), Asian Amer-icans Advancing Justice—AAJC, Asian Pa-cific Institute on Gender-Based Violence, As-sociation of Jewish Family and Children’s Agencies. 
CARE USA, Center for Applied Linguistics, 
Center for Gender & Refugee Studies, Center for New Community, Center for Victims of Torture, Centro de los Derechos de Inmigrante, Inc., Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Refugee & Immigration Ministries, Church World Service, Columban Center for Advocacy and Outreach, Concern Worldwide (US) Inc., Conference of Major Superiors of Men, Council on American-Islamic Rela-tions. 
The Episcopal Church, Ethiopian Commu-
nity Development Council, Inc., Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, Farmworker Justice, Franciscan Action Network, Friends Committee on National Legislation, Habonim Dror North America, HIAS, Human Rights First, InterAction, International Catholic Migration Commission, Inter-national Refugee Assistance Project, Inter-national Rescue Committee. 
Jesuit Conference of Canada and the 
United States, National Advocacy Office, Jesuit Refugee Service/USA, Jewish Council for Public Affairs, Jewish Labor Committee, Kids in Need of Defense (KIND), Leadership Conference of Women Religious, Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, Mercy- USA for Aid and Development, Mi Familia Vota, Muslim Public Affairs Council, NAFSA: Association of International Edu-cators, National Council of Asian Pacific Americans (NCAPA). 
National Council of Jewish Women, Na-
tional Immigrant Justice Center (NIJC), Na-tional Immigration Forum, National Immi-gration Project of the National Lawyers Guild, NETWORK, A National Catholic So-
cial Justice Lobby, OCA—Asian Pacific American Advocates, OneAmerica, ORAM— Organization for Refuge, Asylum & Migra-tion, Oxfam America, Peace Action West, Presbyterian Church USA, Refugees Inter-national. 
Save the Children, South Asian Americans 
Leading Together (SAALT), Southeast Asia Resource Action Center (SEARAC), STAND: The Student-Led Movement to End Mass Atrocities, SustainUS: U.S. Youth for Jus-tice, Syrian American Medical Society (SAMS), Syria Relief Development, Tahirih Justice Center, T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights. 
Union for Reform Judaism, Unitarian Uni-
versalist Association, United to End Geno-cide, United Farm Workers, United States Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, UURISE—Unitarian Universalist Refugee and Immigrant Services and Edu-cation, Inc., Win Without War, Women’s Ref-ugee Commission, Workmen’s Circle, World Relief. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. I also include in the 
RECORD a statement by the Catholic 
Bishops that say that the U.S. should welcome Syrian refugees into the United States. 
[From the United States Conference of 
Catholic Bishops, Nov. 17, 2015] 
BISHOPS ’ M IGRATION CHAIR: U.S. S HOULD  
WELCOME SYRIAN REFUGEES , W ORK FOR  
PEACE  
BALTIMORE .—Bishop Eusebio Elizondo, 
Chairman of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ (USCCB) Committee on Migration, issued a statement on Syrian ref-ugees during the Bishops’ annual General As-sembly in Baltimore Nov. 17. 
Full text of the statement follows: 
STATEMENT ON SYRIAN REFUGEES AND THE  
ATTACKS IN PARIS  
On behalf of the U.S. Conference of Catho-
lic Bishops’ Committee on Migration, I offer my deepest condolences to the families of the victims of the November 13 attacks in Paris, France and to the French people. I add my voice to all those condemning these at-tacks and my support to all who are working to ensure such attacks do not occur again— both in France and around the world. 
I am disturbed, however, by calls from 
both federal and state officials for an end to the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the United States. These refugees are fleeing ter-ror themselves—violence like we have wit-nessed in Paris. They are extremely vulner-able families, women, and children who are fleeing for their lives. We cannot and should not blame them for the actions of a terrorist organization. 
Moreover, refugees to this country must 
pass security checks and multiple interviews before entering the United States—more than any arrival to the United States. It can take up to two years for a refugee to pass through the whole vetting process. We can 
look at strengthening the already stringent screening program, but we should continue to welcome those in desperate need. 
Instead of using this tragedy to scapegoat 
all refugees, I call upon our public officials to work together to end the Syrian conflict peacefully so the close to 4 million Syrian refugees can return to their country and re-build their homes. Until that goal is achieved, we must work with the world com-munity to provide safe haven to vulnerable and deserving refugees who are simply at-tempting to survive. As a great nation, the United States must show leadership during this crisis and bring nations together to pro-tect those in danger and bring an end to the conflicts in the Middle East. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.011 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8373 November 19, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude en bloc in the R ECORD a whole 
bunch of other materials. 
[From Religious Action Center of Reform 
Judaism, Nov. 17, 2015] 
REFORM MOVEMENT REJECTS CALLS FOR NEW 
LIMITS ON SYRIAN REFUGEES  
WASHINGTON , D.C.—In response to calls for 
new limits on Syrian refugees in the wake of the recent attacks in Paris, Rabbi Jonah Dov Pesner, Director of the Religious Action Cen-ter of Reform Judaism, issued the following statement: 
The recent attacks in Paris have horrified 
and pained us deeply, as they have all people of goodwill around the world. Our hearts ache for all those directly impacted by these acts of terror. We pray for healing of those who were injured and comfort for the fami-lies of all who were lost. 
These attacks echo the kind of terrible vio-
lence that the Syrian people have lived with for the past several years, buffeted between the brutality of President Assad and the bar-barism of ISIS. As such, now is the time to ensure the U.S. refugee system remains open to those fleeing Syria and who wish to con-tribute to and strengthen our nation. Calls to impose new limits on Syrian refugees, to impose a religious test on refugees, or to close our doors altogether ignore the reality that the lengthy and rigorous vetting of ref-ugee applications helps ensure our national security while upholding our historic role as a place of refuge. 
We cannot allow the violence wrought by 
ISIS and its allies to overshadow our values as Americans and as Reform Jews. As Jewish tradition teaches, ‘‘and each shall sit under their vine and fig tree, and none shall make them afraid’’ (Micah 4:4). We can ensure our security and fulfill our highest aspirations as a nation rooted in compassion and commit-ment to religious liberty. We call on mem-bers of Congress to oppose any effort to limit the acceptance of Syrian refugees, just as we urge public officials and figures across the U.S. to reject divisive and inflammatory statements that do not reflect our history as a nation founded by descendants of those who fled persecution in search of freedom. 
In these trying times, we cannot lose sight 
of our values and what we stand for. To re-pair the brokenness in our world, we must stand united with those who reject violence and divisiveness and instead support those who uphold healing, safety and security for all. 
RANKING MEMBERS SCHIFF , THOMPSON AND  
LOFGREN JOINT STATEMENT ON SYRIAN REF-
UGEE BILL ON HOUSE FLOOR TOMORROW  
[For Immediate Release—Wednesday, 
November 18, 2015] 
WASHINGTON , DC.—Today, Rep. Adam 
Schiff (D–CA), Ranking Member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, Rep. Bennie G. Thompson (D–MS), Ranking Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, and Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D–CA), Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, released the following statement: 
‘‘For many Americans, the horrendous loss 
of life and scenes of chaos of the Paris ter-rorist attacks harkened back to our own ex-perience in the wake of September 11th. Our top priority is and will always remain the safety of the American people. And it is in these times that the core values of our na-tion are tested. Welcoming refugees who are fleeing persecution and war is the humane— and American—thing to do. However, some in Congress intend to use this tragedy to shut down the U.S. refugee program, turning our backs on victims fleeing the horrors of 
ISIS and the Assad regime. 
‘‘We must constantly re-evaluate and re-
fine our refugee screening to find ways to strengthen the existing system and ensure that we are maintaining the most rigorous vetting system in the world. Refugees, and refugees from this region specifically, al-ready undergo a far more rigorous screening process than anyone else seeking admission to this country, including background checks, national security vetting, biometric identifiers, and interviews. The process takes on average between 18 to 24 months, and longer in many cases, before a refugee steps foot on U.S. soil. The House Republican leg-islation would immediately shut down all refugee resettlement from Syria and Iraq— possibly for many years—and severely handi-cap future refugee resettlement around the world. 
‘‘Our commitment to refugees and the se-
curity of the American people are not mutu-ally exclusive. We believe that turning our backs on those escaping persecution, many of them religious minorities and victims of terrorism, runs counter to the proud and generous heritage of the United States—a country of immigrants—that has always helped those in need in the most trying times.’’ 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 4038—AMERICAN SAFE ACT OF 2015  
(Rep. McCaul, R–TX, and Rep. Hudson, R– 
NC) 
The Administration’s highest priority is to 
ensure the safety and security of the Amer-ican people. That is why refugees of all na-tionalities, including Syrians and Iraqis, considered for admission to the United States undergo the most rigorous and thor-ough security screening of anyone admitted into the United States. This legislation would introduce unnecessary and imprac-tical requirements that would unacceptably hamper our efforts to assist some of the most vulnerable people in the world, many of whom are victims of terrorism, and would undermine our partners in the Middle East and Europe in addressing the Syrian refugee crisis. The Administration therefore strong-ly opposes H.R. 4038. 
The current screening process involves 
multiple Federal intelligence, security, and law enforcement agencies, including the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Depart-ments of Homeland Security (DHS), State, and Defense, all aimed at ensuring that those admitted do not pose a threat to our country. These safeguards include biometric 
(fingerprint) and biographic checks, medical screenings, and a lengthy interview by spe-cially trained DHS officers who scrutinize the applicant’s explanation of individual cir-cumstances to assess whether the applicant meets statutory requirements to qualify as a refugee and that he or she does not present security concerns to the United States. Mindful of the particular conditions of the Syria crisis, Syrian refugees—who have had their lives uprooted by conflict and continue to live amid conditions so harsh that many set out on dangerous, often deadly, journeys seeking new places of refuge—go through ad-ditional forms of security screening, includ-ing a thorough pre-interview analysis of each individual’s refugee application. Addition-ally, DHS interviewers receive extensive, Syria-specific training before meeting with refugee applicants. Of the 2,174 Syrian refu-gees admitted to the United States since September 11, 2001, not a single one has been arrested or deported on terrorism-related grounds. 
The certification requirement at the core 
of H.R. 4038 is untenable and would provide no meaningful additional security for the 
American people, instead serving only to create significant delays and obstacles in the fulfillment of a vital program that satisfies both humanitarian and national security ob-jectives. No refugee is approved for travel to the United States under the current system until the full array of required security vet-ting measures have been completed. Thus, the substantive result sought through this draft legislation is already embedded into the program. The Administration recognizes the importance of a strong, evolving security screening in our refugee admissions program and devotes considerable resources to contin-ually improving the Nation’s robust security screening protocols. The measures called for in this bill would divert resources from these efforts. 
Given the lives at stake and the critical 
importance to our partners in the Middle East and Europe of American leadership in addressing the Syrian refugee crisis, if the President were presented with H.R. 4038, he would veto the bill. 
[From U.S. Committee for Refugees and 
Immigrants] 
SECURITY SCREENING OF REFUGEES ADMITTED  
TO THE UNITED STATES : A D ETAILED , RIG-
OROUS PROCESS  
Resettlement is considered a durable solu-
tion for refugees who cannot return to their countries of origin or integrate into the cur-rent country that is hosting them. Resettle-ment to a country like the U.S. presents a life-saving alternative for a very small num-ber of refugees around the world (less than one half of one percent). Refugees seeking re-settlement in the United States must pass through a number of steps aimed at ensuring that they will not pose a security risk to the United States. 
STEP 1  
Refugee Status: In most cases the UN High 
Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) deter-mines that the individual qualifies as a ref-ugee under international law. A refugee is someone who has fled from his or her home country and cannot return because he or she has a well-founded fear of persecution based on religion, race, nationality, political opin-ion or membership in a particular social group. 
STEP 2  
Referral to the United States: A refugee 
that meets one of the criteria for resettle-ment in the United States is referred to the U.S. government by UNHCR, a U.S. Em-bassy, or a trained Non-Governmental Orga-nization. 
STEP 3  
Resettlement Support Center: A Resettle-
ment Support Center (RSC), contracted by the U.S. Department of State, compiles the refugee’s personal data and background in-formation for the security clearance process and to present to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for an in-person interview. 
STEP 4  
Security Clearance Process: With informa-
tion collected by the RSC, a number of secu-rity checks are conducted. The State Depart-ment runs the names of all refugees referred to the United States for resettlement through a standard CLASS (Consular Look-out and Support System) name check. In ad-dition, enhanced interagency security checks were phased in beginning in 2008 and applied to all refugee applicants by 2010. 
STEP 5  
Security Clearance Process: Certain refu-
gees undergo an additional security review called a Security Advisory Opinion (SAO). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.013 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8374 November 19, 2015 
These cases require a positive SAO clearance 
from a number of U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies in order to continue the resettlement process. When required, this step runs concurrently with Step 4. 
STEP 6  
Security Clearance Process: Refugees who 
meet the minimum age requirement have their fingerprints and photograph taken by a trained U.S. government employee, usually on the same day as their DHS interview. The fingerprints are then checked against var-ious U.S. government databases and informa-tion on any matches is reviewed by DHS. 
STEP 7  
In-person Interview: All refugee applicants 
are interviewed by an officer from DHS’s U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). A trained officer will travel to the country of asylum* to conduct a detailed, face-to-face interview with each refugee ap-plicant being considered for resettlement. Based on the information in the refugee’s case file and on the interview, the DHS offi-cer will determine if the individual qualifies as a refugee and is admissible under U.S. law. 
STEP 8  
DHS Approval: If the USCIS officer finds 
that the individual qualifies as a refugee and meets other U.S. admission criteria, the offi-cer will conditionally approve the refugee’s application for resettlement and submit it to the U.S. Department of State for final proc-essing. Conditional approvals become final once the results of all security checks (Steps 4, 5, and 6) have been received and cleared. 
STEP 9  
Medical Screening: All refugee applicants 
approved for resettlement in the U.S. are re-quired to undergo medical screening con-ducted by the International Organization for 
Migration or a physician designated by the U.S. Embassy. 
STEP 10  
Matching Refugees with a Sponsor Agency: 
Every refugee is assigned to a Voluntary Agency in the U.S., such as the U.S. Com-mittee for Refugees and Immigrants (USCRI). USCRI will place refugees with a local partner agency or office that will assist refugees upon their arrival in the U.S. 
STEP 11  
Cultural Orientation: In addition, refugees 
approved for resettlement are offered cul-tural orientation while waiting for final processing, to prepare them for their journey to and initial resettlement in the United States. 
STEP 12  
Security Clearance Process: Prior to depar-
ture to the U.S., a second interagency check is conducted for most refugees to check for any new information. Refugees must clear this check in order to depart to the U.S. 
STEP 13  
Admission to the United States: Upon ar-
rival at one of five U.S. airports designated as ports of entry for refugee admissions, a Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officer will review the refugee documentation and conduct additional security checks to ensure that the arriving refugee is the same person who was screened and approved for admis-sion to the United States. 
*Note that under limited circumstances, 
refugee applicants may be interviewed in their home country rather than in a country of asylum. 
[From Human Rights First, Nov. 2015] 
REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT —SECURITY  
SCREENING INFORMATION  
Refugees to the United States are more 
stringently screened and vetted than any other group allowed to enter the country. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees 
first registers refugees, interviews them, takes biometric data and background infor-mation. These refugees overwhelmingly women and children have been Ewing in Jor-
dan, Turkey or other frontline refugee- hosting countries for years, struggling to survive. UNHCR has data from its regular interactions with these refugees over the years. Resettlement helps support the sta-bility of nations that are key U.S. allies, as they are straining under the pressure of hosting so many refugees. Only those who pass the U.N. assessment are referred to the United States for resettlement. At least 18,000 have already been through the U.S. process and are awaiting U.S. government consideration and review. 
The U.S. government then conducts its 
own extremely rigorous screening process, including health checks, repeated biometric checks, several layers of biographical and background screening, and in-person inter-views by specially-trained officers. Multiple agencies are involved, including the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center, the State De-partment, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, the National Counterterrorism Cen-ter, the Department of Defense and U.S. in-telligence agencies. DNS has added an addi-tional country-specific layer of review for Syrian refugee applications, which includes extra screening for national security risks. 
Secretary Jeh Johnson outlined this proc-
ess in Congressional testimony in October 2015: ‘‘With regard to the current refugee cri-sis, the U.S. is committed to providing ref-uge to some of the world’s most vulnerable people, while carefully screening refugees for security concerns before admitting them to the United States. The reality is that, with improvements to the process we have made over time, refugees are subject to the highest level of security checks. DHS works in con-cert with the Department of State, the De-partment of Defense, the National Counter-terrorism Center, and the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center for the screening and vet-ting of refugees. The U.S. Government con-ducts both biographic and biometric checks on refugee applications, including security vetting that takes place at multiple junc-tures in the application process, and even just before arrival to account for changes in intelligence. All refugees admitted to the United States, including those from Syria, will be subject to this stringent security screening. Acting on my direction, USCIS has developed additional protocols to aid in the identification of security concerns with regard to the Syrian population, and the en-tire Department, along with the interagency, is committed to continual improvement of overall security vetting, as new techniques or sources of information are identified.’’ 
More specifically, the U.S. refugee vetting 
process for Syrian refugees includes the fol-lowing elements as outlined by Department of Homeland Security officials. 
Department of Homeland Security Inter-
views: Refugees are interviewed by DHS- USCIS officers to determine whether or not they can be approved for resettlement to the United States. These interviews are con-ducted while refugees are still abroad. 
Consular Lookout and Watch List Check: 
Biographic checks are conducted against the State Department’s Consular Lookout and Support System (CLASS)—which includes watch list information. 
Security Advisory Opinions from Intel-
ligence and Other Agencies: DHS seeks Secu-rity Advisory Opinions (SAOs) from law en-forcement and intelligence communities for cases that meet certain criteria. 
National Counterterrorism Center Checks 
with Intelligence Agency Support: Inter-agency checks, known as ‘‘IAC’s,’’ are con-ducted with the National Counterterrorism 
Center (NCTC) for all refugee applicants within a designated age range, regardless of nationality. In addition, expanded intel-ligence community support was added to the IAC process in July 2010, and recurrent vet-ting was added in 2015 so that any inter-vening derogatory information that is iden-tified after the initial check has cleared but before the applicant has traveled to the United States will be provided to DHS. 
DHS and FBI BlometrIc Checks: Finger-
prints are screened against the vast biomet-ric holdings of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation’s Next Generation Identification system, and are screened and enrolled in DHS’s Automated Biometric Identification System (IDENT). Through IDENT, the appli-cant’s fingerprints are screened not only against watch fist information, but also for previous immigration encounters in the United States and overseas—including cases in which the applicant previously applied for a visa at a U.S. embassy. 
Department of Defense Biometric Screen-
ing: Biometric screening is also conducted through the Department of Defense (DOD) Automated Biometric Identification System (ABIS). ABIS contains a variety of records, including fingerprint records captured in Iraq. ABIS screening has been expanded to refugee applicants of all nationalities who 
fall within the prescribed age ranges. 
Enhanced Review for Syrian Cases: In addi-
tion to the many biometric and biographic checks conducted, DHS–USCIS has insti-tuted additional review of Syrian refugee ap-plications. Before being scheduled for inter-view by a DHS-USCIS officer (while the ref-ugee is still abroad), Syrian cases are re-viewed at DHS-USCIS headquarters. All cases that meet certain criteria are referred to the DHS-USCIS Fraud Detection and Na-tional Security Directorate (FDNS) for addi-tional review and research. FDNS conducts open-source and classified research on re-ferred cases and synthesizes an assessment for use by the interviewing officer. This in-formation provides case-specific context re-lating to country conditions and regional ac-tivity, and is used by the interviewing officer to inform lines of inquiry related to the ap-plicant’s eligibility and credibility. DHS- USCIS reports that FDNS engages with law enforcement and intelligence community members for assistance with identity verification and acquisition of additional in-formation. 
Additional Screening Checks on Entry: 
When they travel to the United States, refu-gees are subject to screening conducted by DHSU.S. Customs and Border Protection’s National Targeting Center-Passenger and the Transportation Security Administra-tion’s Secure Flight program prior to their admission to the United States, as is the case with all individuals traveling to the United States regardless of immigration pro-gram. 
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES  
The Wall Street Journal in a video outlines 
the steps a refugee must go through to reach the United States. 
The New Yorlc Times in an interactive 
map shows where Syrian refugees currently reside. 
David Miliband: ‘‘There are many ways to 
come to the United States. Comparatively the refugee resettlement program is the most difficult short of swimming the Atlan-tic.’’ 
Fran Townsend: ‘‘There are no easy an-
swers in Syria, but it’s time to stop acting as if the problems there are too hard or too complicated. While we cannot right the wrong of the current poky failure, it is still possible to act now to both alleviate the con-sequent suffering and mitigate the potential future.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.022 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8375 November 19, 2015 
Governor Nikki Haley: ‘‘These are people 
who have protected our troops, these are people who have been persecuted for being Christian . . . these are people who we took in because they were unsafe where they were.’’ 
Finally, states cannot unilaterally block 
resettlement. Governors do not have the legal authority to determine who lives in their states. When refugees are legally ad-mitted to the United States they have the right to move freely throughout the country. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I do 
want to say one thing. It strikes me, as we are having this debate here, that I can’t help but take note of their re-sponse in France toward the Syrian refugees. Yesterday, French President Francois Hollande promised to honor his commitment to take in tens of thousands of refugees, welcoming 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years. That is 6,000 more than he committed to in September. He also announced $53.3 million to develop housing for refugees. We have all invoked the terrible trag-edy that happened in France. Let’s fol-low France’s example and be a secure shelter for those most in need. 
As I listen to the debate here, one of 
the troubling things to me is that there doesn’t ever seem to be a tragedy that my friends on the other side of the aisle don’t want to exploit for political gain, and I think today is no exception. A horrendous terrorist attack hap-pened in Paris, an attack that has shocked the entire world. This is being used as an excuse to pass what I con-sider an ugly bill because this would shut down a refugee resettlement for Syrians and Iraqis. 
This bill is aimed at fueling fear 
rather than protecting the American people. We have an exhaustive screen-ing process for refugees already in place. It takes years for a refugee from Syria to be able to be admitted to the United States—years. Can we improve the system? Absolutely. But the oppor-tunity to do that requires us to consult with one another and to put the results ahead of political gain. But that is not what happened. We had a bill before the Rules Committee that never went through committee, that never was marked up, the content of which was not shared with the Democrats, and a lot of Republicans were locked out of the process. Here we are with a polit-ical document more than something that is going to do anything to help these people fleeing violence or help enhance our security. Now, that might be a nice sound bite in your next cam-paign, but it is an awful thing to do to a group of people fleeing war and ter-ror. 
Who are these people? They are, as 
the President stated, widows and or-phans mostly. They are old people try-ing to be reunited with distant family members in the United States. They are people who are fleeing for their lives and who are fleeing the worst ter-ror imaginable. That used to mean something in this Chamber. We used to care about these things in a bipartisan way. Apparently, no more. This Congress is losing its humanity. 
Here is the deal: we are behaving in a way that I think reinforces what the terrorists are trying to communicate to the rest of the world, which is that somehow we don’t care about people from certain parts of the world or we don’t care about people who happen to be Muslim. We have had a lot of people on the other side of the aisle who have talked about we ought to have a reli-gious test here and very little con-demnation in response to that from my friends on the other side of the aisle. 
Mr. Speaker, last night in the Rules 
Committee, my Republican friends said that all we are doing is responding to public opinion. Our job is to be more than just a political weathervane. We have an obligation to make sure that we state the facts—the real facts. We have an obligation to tell the truth. We have an obligation to help put issues in perspective. And, in short, we have an obligation to lead on issues like this and not be so jittery to pursue policies that we all know are wrong. 
So we are here with a bill that my 
friends say is so important that there could be no hearings and no markup on, a bill that is so important that there could be no consultation on, a bill that is so important that nobody can offer an amendment on, and we have a bill that is coming before us in an absolutely closed process. 
Let me just close by expressing my 
deep frustration with this place and how it is being run. For some time now, I have watched as my Republican friends have regularly turned their backs on the most vulnerable popu-lations. There is no more vulnerable population—no more vulnerable group 
of people on this planet—than refugees fleeing god-awful war and terror. Yet, today, they are being thrown under the bus for political gain. They are being demonized. They are being character-ized as terrorists. Young children, 3- year-old girls, widowed mothers, and grandmothers are being demonized as terrorists. 
b1030 
And for what? The American people, 
I think, expect more from us. What we are doing here today is not about pro-tecting the American people. It is not about helping people fleeing war and violence. This is political. That makes what is happening here today not only disappointing but, I would say, dis-gusting. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I share many times the frustration 
my friend from Massachusetts has about this place. When I look at what is going on today, my frustration, frankly, on the floor here has probably grown, considering that we talk about everything else except what the bill ac-tually does. We throw up every picture of everything. 
I am not sure at what point today— 
and I can go back through my remarks. I am not sure where I ever disparaged 
a refugee, ever said that the inhu-manity and suffering that is going on because of a bunch of thugs called the Islamic State, that these folks do not need to have a place to go or humani-tarian help, which America has led on from the beginning. It is easy to say that. 
As the gentleman is fond of saying, 
Mr. Speaker, it makes political points. Well, the same is true for him and true for our folks across the aisle. It makes political points for them. The problem is it is not in the bill. The problem is it is adding an extra layer. 
There has been discussion here today 
about the political whims. Look, I be-lieve that what is happening right now is a test of two things: thermometers and thermostats. 
This administration is a pretty good 
thermometer. They will look out and tell you what they believe the tempera-ture is, and they react to the world opinion. 
I believe today the Republican ma-
jority is acting as a thermostat and moving the temperature and moving the awareness. Because I do not believe that an event could be ignored if it is not being used. It is saying there is a warning sign. It is like a warning sign on your vehicle. You can ignore it, and when it breaks down, you wonder what happened; or you can say, here is a warning sign, here is what is going on in the world. 
All we are asking for is certification 
from our highest officials in security to say these folks have another level of check so that we can ensure our home-land is protected. 
One attack on American soil is too 
many. The Islamic State has been clear in their desire to bring America to her knees. The underlying legislation won’t change that. But as the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee stated last night, it will put this administra-tion on notice that Congress will not be silent. 
We will take up the national security 
mantle that this White House has so carelessly disregarded. In the weeks ahead, you can expect this body to bring forward additional legislation re-forming both our refugee and visa 
waiver programs. 
There is no loophole or vulnerability 
that ISIS won’t seek to use to kill and destroy, and there is no loophole or vulnerability the House Republicans aren’t committed and determined to fix, and I desperately ask my friends across the aisle to join us. 
Our Nation is a beacon of freedom 
and hope, and no force of evil will ever change that. No terrorist will ever cause Republicans in this body to shy away from our duty to our citizens or our duty to the world, and for that I believe both sides need to come to-gether. 
The President stated ISIS is the JV. 
I believe the families and loved ones of the recent attacks on an airplane in Paris would not say that, in fact, would say otherwise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.023 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8376 November 19, 2015 
The administration’s refusal to look 
the Islamic State in the eye and de-clare with a resounding voice that they will be defeated is devastating, but it isn’t the end. Where this White House has failed, Congress will succeed. We will work tirelessly to restore the faith and trust of the American people. We will replace political posturing with policy priorities dealing with our na-tional security, as opposed to those of a more liberal strategy that we have heard today. 
Look, I know my friends across the 
aisle share the same heart. We grieve the lives lost. We grieve for those who are caught up in war and caught up in the devastating attacks by a group of people who, frankly—ISIS—have no soul. They are blank. Because if you are agreeable to do the atrocities that they are doing, you just have no part in a civilized world. You have no part in being acknowledged except for the ani-mals that you are. 
I recognize they are in an impossible 
position of choosing either the safety of their constituents or the political strategy of the President—I understand that—across the aisle. 
My hope is that today—today—will 
be different, that we don’t take the easy ‘‘no’’ vote, that we will have the moral courage to make the decision that says ‘‘no’’ to terrorism and ‘‘yes’’ to the American people, a vote that will ensure that our country remains a safe haven for those the rest of the world has abandoned. 
Again, let me repeat this again, be-
cause it has been said. I guess if we say it enough, we believe it to be true. 
This does not stop the program. It 
simply says that, until we can certify, we are going to make sure that there is an extra level of protection for the peo-ple. It does not shut the program down. 
A vote in support of this rule and for 
H.R. 4038 is what we need. And after we bow our heads in thanks next week, filled with gratitude for those who have gone before, we will return with renewed commitment to further re-forms. 
Evil will not win. ISIS will not win. 
With the steadfast spirit and courage of conviction of those who came before, those who gave their lives, we will not let the torch of freedom go out on our watch, and we will continue to fight for those in our country, for their safety, our sons and daughters, as we continue this fight. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak in opposition to the rule gov-erning debate on this bill and the underlying bill H.R. 4038, the ‘‘American Security Against Enemies Act of 2015’’ (America SAFE Act). 
This bill represents a rush to judgement. It has been rushed to the floor without the 
regular order deliberative process promised by the House Leadership. 
H.R. 4038 was introduced on Tuesday, No-
vember 17, 2015, in violation of House Rules, without consideration or review by the House oversight committees. 
Today, November 19, 2015 it is on the floor 
for debate and votes. This bill does not further the national secu-
rity interest of our country—in fact it harms those interests. 
The United States does have an urgent 
need to deal with the humanitarian crisis that is unfolding in the wake of ISIS/ISIL aggres-sion in Syria and Iraq. 
There are 60 million displaced persons be-
cause of the war. 
The Syrian/Iraqi conflict has claimed over 
240,000 lives. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is written as if no proc-
ess exists for vetting Iraqi or Syrian refugees. 
In fact a very rigorous process is in place 
that has been honed over the past several years by intelligence and law enforcement agencies. 
They have established and perfected an in-
tense form of screening for Syrians called the ‘‘Syrian Enhanced Review.’’ 
The American SAFE Act requires a FBI 
background check for every refugee from Iraq and Syria who applies for asylum in the United States, when a much better process is in place that requires the intelligence agencies and the Department of Defense to vet appli-cants. 
This bill provides that no refugee from Iraq 
or Syria can be granted asylum in the United States unless the Director of the FBI, the Sec-retary of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Director of National Intelligence each make an independent determination and concur unanimously that the applicant for asy-lum poses no threat to the national security of the United States. 
The FBI is a domestic law enforcement 
agency—they have an international presence, but their focus is domestic. 
The agencies with an international focus 
such as the State Department, DoD, and intel-ligence agencies under the leadership of DHS are the experts. 
The House process for the consideration 
and deliberation of legislation is intended to prevent bad bills from coming to the floor for a vote. 
This bill was drafted in haste—in application 
it would require a 5 year old child who is Syr-ian to have to get the FBI, DHS, DoD, and DNI to agree that she poses no threat to the United States or its people. 
This bill is doing damage to our nation’s for-
eign policy interest by sending a signal to our allies, who are doing much more than the United States is doing to relieve the suffering of Syrian refugees, while also facing the threat of terrorism every day. 
Mr. Speaker, let me commend Homeland 
Security Committee Chairman M
CCAUL, the 
lead sponsor of the bill before us, with whom I have worked closely and reached agreement on many matters critical to the security of our homeland. 
Homeland Security Committee Chairman 
M
CCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMPSON and Ju-
diciary Committee Subcommittee on Immigra-tion Ranking Member L
OFGREN are dedicated 
public servants whose actions are always mo-tivated by their commitment to keep our nation safe and secure. 
This bill is purported by supporters as not 
stopping the refugee process for Iraq and Syria. 
The bill in its language does stop the proc-
ess—some like to call it a pause, but is a dead stop in the processing of applications from Iraqi and Syrian refugees. They have not read the bill or they do not 
understand the consequences of the language that requires certification by the FBI, DHS, DoD, and DNI that a refugee poses no threat’’ in the legislation if they believe that this bill would not end the refugee process for Iraqi and Syrian applicants. 
The bill calls for 100% certification by the 
FBI, DHS, DoD, and DNI that no refugee is a threat. 
No professional security or law enforcement 
professional will give anyone a 100% guar-antee about anything. 
They will not provide a 100% guarantee be-
cause they believe that something or someone is a threat—they will not provide a guarantee because it is grossly unprofessional to do so and we should never ask them to do this. 
On its face H.R. 4038 would end any hope 
of asylum in the United States for any refugee from Iraq or Syria. 
The U.S. screening process in place is fo-
cused upon applications from women with chil-dren, orphans, the seriously ill and the elderly. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4038 is not necessary at 
this time because our nation already has in place the world’s most rigorous screening process for refugees seeking asylum. 
Mr. Speaker, there are other alternatives to 
the draconian approach of H.R. 4038, takes such as the bill introduced by Ranking Mem-bers T
HOMPSON and L OFGREN . 
The President is another solution for those 
who seek reassurance that every precaution is being taken—he is in a position to certify to the Congress and the American people that the process is prudent and careful in its ac-tions regarding refugees seeking entrance into the United States. 
It is helpful to recount briefly the critical ele-
ments of that screening process. 
Every applicant for asylum must: 1. register with the United Nations High 
Commissioner for Refugees; 
2. provide background information, including 
what caused him or her to flee their home country (a ready means of comparing informa-tion provided by more than one million refu-gees to further verify the validity of the infor-mation provided); 
3. meet one of five legal qualifications: 
threat of violence based on race, religion or faith or national origin; political beliefs; or membership in a targeted social group. 
4. undergo a rigorous background check 
during which investigators fact-check the refu-gee’s biography to ensure consistency with published or documented reports of events such as bombings or other violence; 
5. be subjected to biometric tests conducted 
by the Department of Defense, in conjunction with other federal agencies (the U.S. military has an extensive biometric data base on Iraqis from its time in Iraq); and 
6. sit for intensive in-person interviews, 
which may take months or years before they are conducted. 
If, during the screening process, a person 
from Syria gives responses that raise red flags he or she is selected for more intense exam-ination by U.S. intelligence agencies. 
The process for those refugees from the 
conflict area who have entered the United States began with the High Commissioner for Refugees who referred 22,000 applicants to the United States for consideration. 
The United States through its process only 
allowed 7,000 for further consideration for ad-mittance and in its final decision permitted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.015 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8377 November 19, 2015 
2,000 individuals to be cleared for entrance 
into the country. 
The demographic breakdown of those Syr-
ians who have been approved for refugee sta-tus to come to the United States is as follows: children, 50%; persons over the age of 60, 25%; combat age males, 2%. 
H.R. 4038 has come to the floor too fast for 
such a serious decision and without consid-ering the arduous process that is in place to screen all refugees, not just those from Iraq and Syria. 
The last thing a terrorist would want is to be 
a refugee—living in the harsh environment of a refugee camp for two years. 
Refugees are the victims of terrorists—ISIS/ 
ISIL does not love them—they want to murder every last one of them, because they will not bow to them. 
This rule for this bill troubles me because it 
has been constructed on tools that allow Con-gress to act during times of crisis or emer-gencies. 
Mr. Speaker a 2-year process does not 
pose any emergency by any definition that can be devised. 
I cannot support this bill, but I an committed 
to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find common ground. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 531 O FFERED BY  
MR. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 4079) to require that supplemental certifications and identity verifications be completed prior to the ad-mission of refugees. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 4079. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-
scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum 
time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 182, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 638] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer Bonamici 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.012 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8378 November 19, 2015 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
DeFazio 
Ellison Gowdy Hinojosa 
Ruppersberger Takai Watson Coleman 
Williams 
b1103 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California 
changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama changed his 
vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 183, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 639] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cohen 
DeFazio Ellison Hinojosa 
Ruppersberger Takai Watson Coleman 
Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1111 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FED OVERSIGHT REFORM AND 
MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3189) to amend the Federal Reserve Act to es-tablish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the man-ner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes, will now re-sume. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.004 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8379 November 19, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. MATSUI. I am opposed to it in 
its current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Matsui moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 3189 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Page 43, line 25, strike the quotation 
marks and final period and insert after such line the following: 
‘‘(H) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN COMPANIES .— 
The Board shall seek to ensure that any company convicted of any felony or mis-demeanor or that has been made subject to any judicial or administrative decree or order arising out of misconduct that harms the financial health of seniors is prohibited from receiving a loan or other financial as-sistance under this paragraph, if the Board determines such prohibition is in the na-tion’s economic interest.’’. 
Ms. MATSUI (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
b1115 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, this is the 
final amendment to the bill which would not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill would immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the motion to recommit to H.R. 3189, 
which will ensure that seniors will be protected from losing their hard-earned benefits to deceitful financial compa-nies found to engage in harmful activ-ity. Financial companies that put earn-ings ahead of the needs of our seniors should not be allowed to participate in any emergency lending program or fa-cility established by the Federal Re-serve. 
While Republicans try to put their 
special interest friends first, the Demo-cratic motion to recommit would en-sure that financial companies found to engage in activity that harms seniors’ financial health and stability are pre-vented from participating in any emer-gency lending program or facility es-tablished by the Federal Reserve. 
Our motion to recommit would stop 
rewarding unsavory financial institu-tions that abuse the trust and harm the financial health of America’s sen-iors. 
America’s seniors, who have spent 
their lives working to provide for their families, deserve to retire with dignity and live without fear of being stripped of financial security due to the actions of predatory financial institutions. Yet, House Republicans are willing to grant these shady financial companies access to emergency resources estab-lished by the Federal Reserve. We need to adopt this motion to re-
commit to send a strong signal to pred-atory financial entities across this country that putting profits ahead of people will not be rewarded by the U.S. Government. 
I am co-chair of the Democratic Con-
gressional Task Force on Seniors, and I am committed to protecting the well- being of older Americans and ensuring that those who work hard and play by the rules receive a dignified and secure retirement. 
In addition to protecting hard-earned 
benefits like Social Security and Medi-care, we also need to ensure that vul-nerable seniors are not the subject of predatory lending that further puts them at risk for economic security. 
According to the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, older Americans are particularly vulnerable to bad ac-tors who seek to defraud them, take advantage of their hard-earned retire-ment savings, or push them into taking on financial products or services—like a reverse mortgage—that they may not want or need. 
Roughly 1 million older Americans 
lose an estimated $2.6 billion annually as a result of financial abuse according to a MetLife study entitled, ‘‘Broken Trust: Elders, Family and Finances.’’ This is unacceptable. 
As older Americans age, we have an 
obligation to ensure that they are not an easy target for financial companies peddling predatory financial products and services. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues 
to vote in favor of this motion to re-commit. By voting for this motion to recommit, Members can make clear whose side they are on, whether it be in favor of protecting our vulnerable seniors or in favor of protecting dis-honest financial companies that seek to do them harm. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
find the motion to recommit to be most ironic. For the Members who were here for the debate on the under-lying FORM Act yesterday, all we heard from the other side of the aisle is you cannot direct the Federal Reserve to do anything; you are imposing upon their independence. And yet we have a motion to recommit that does exactly what they argued against yesterday. That is irony number one, Mr. Speaker. 
The second irony about the motion 
to recommit is nothing has hurt sen-iors more than having 7 years straight of zero percent interest rates. It is sen-iors who know that when you are young you work for your money, and when you are old you expect your money to work for you. Their money is not working for them because we have had 7 years of artificially low interest rates. Real interest rates of zero. If we want to help our seniors, what 
we need is a monetary policy that is more predictable, that is more rules based, which is exactly what the FORM Act does. The American people want a healthier economy. They want a gov-ernment that is transparent and ac-countable to them, and that includes the Federal Reserve. They cannot con-tinue to cloak their prudential regu-latory policies behind their monetary policies. We don’t need our central bankers to become our central plan-ners, but we need a monetary policy that works for seniors. 
For a healthier economy, for a gov-
ernment that is transparent and ac-countable to ‘‘we, the people,’’ we need to vote down the motion to recommit. Vote for the FORM Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 242, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 640] 
AYES—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.021 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8380 November 19, 2015 
Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—242 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
DeFazio Ellison Hinojosa Roskam 
Royce Ruppersberger Takai 
Watson Coleman Williams 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1128 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 185, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 641] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney 
Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.007 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8381 November 19, 2015 
NOT VOTING—7 
DeFazio 
Ellison Hinojosa Ruppersberger 
Takai Watson Coleman Williams 
b1135 
Mr. POLIS changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AMERICAN SECURITY AGAINST 
FOREIGN ENEMIES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to House Resolution 531, I call up the bill (H.R. 4038) to require that sup-plemental certifications and back-ground investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
OODALL ). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 531, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4038 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015’’ or as the ‘‘American SAFE Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REVIEW OF REFUGEES TO IDENTIFY SE-
CURITY THREATS TO THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) B ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—In addi-
tion to the screening conducted by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall take all actions necessary to ensure that each covered alien receives a thorough back-ground investigation prior to admission as a refugee. A covered alien may not be admit-ted as a refugee until the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation certifies to the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of National Intelligence that each covered alien has received a background in-vestigation that is sufficient to determine whether the covered alien is a threat to the security of the United States. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION BY UNANIMOUS CONCUR -
RENCE .—A covered alien may only be admit-
ted to the United States after the Secretary of Homeland Security, with the unanimous concurrence of the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Director of National Intelligence, certifies to the appro-priate Congressional Committees that the covered alien is not a threat to the security of the United States. 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW OF CERTIFI -
CATIONS .—The Inspector General of the De-
partment of Homeland Security shall con-duct a risk-based review of all certifications made under subsection (b) each year and shall provide an annual report detailing the findings to the appropriate Congressional Committees. 
(d) M
ONTHLY REPORT .—The Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall submit to the ap-propriate Congressional Committees a monthly report on the total number of appli-cations for admission with regard to which a certification under subsection (b) was made and the number of covered aliens with regard to whom such a certification was not made for the month preceding the date of the re-
port. The report shall include, for each cov-ered alien with regard to whom a certifi-cation was not made, the concurrence or nonconcurrence of each person whose con-currence was required by subsection (b). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: 
(1) C OVERED ALIEN .—The term ‘‘covered 
alien’’ means any alien applying for admis-sion to the United States as a refugee who— 
(A) is a national or resident of Iraq or 
Syria; 
(B) has no nationality and whose last ha-
bitual residence was in Iraq or Syria; or 
(C) has been present in Iraq or Syria at any 
time on or after March 1, 2011. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate Congres-
sional Committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(F) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(G) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives; 
(H) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
(I) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(J) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(K) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(L) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. 
G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. C ONYERS ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 4038, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 4038, the 
American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015. 
Just one example of a terrorist tak-
ing advantage of the United States’ generous immigration policy in order to perpetrate attacks on Americans is too many. Unfortunately, there are too many examples to count. Most notable, of course, are the attacks on Sep-tember 11, 2001, perpetrated by 19 for-eign nationals who were admitted to the U.S. through our legal immigration system. The U.S. Government has the ulti-
mate responsibility to protect its citi-zens. As such, if U.S. immigration pol-icy allows foreign nationals who want 
to do us harm access to U.S. soil, then the immigration policy must be re-viewed and amended. 
We are faced with such a situation 
right now. There is a very real possi-bility that a terrorist, particularly one from, or claiming to be from, Syria or Iraq, will attempt to gain access to the United States as a refugee. In fact, ISIS is making no secret of their plans to have their members infiltrate groups of Syrian refugees. We should take ISIS at its word. 
Of course, our hope is that such an 
individual would be screened out through the refugee vetting process. Unfortunately, we have heard time and time again from top counterterrorism and intelligence officials that the cur-rent vetting process cannot prevent such an individual from receiving ref-ugee status. 
In fact, just late last month, FBI Di-
rector James Comey told the Judiciary Committee that with a conflict zone like Syria, where there is ‘‘dramati-cally’’ less information available to use during the vetting process, he could not ‘‘offer anybody an absolute assur-ance that there is no risk associated with’’ admitting Syrian nationals as refugees. 
He told another House committee 
that ‘‘we can only query against that which we have collected. And so if someone has never made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interest re-flected in our database, we can query our database until the cows come home but . . . nothing will show up because we have no record on that person.’’ 
The administration’s foreign policy 
inaction in Syria, and failure to take seriously the ISIS threat, are respon-sible for the flood of Syrians currently leaving their country. Of course, we all remember when the President told us that ISIS was the JV team. That JV team just murdered 120 innocent people in Paris, including at least one Amer-ican. And the Paris JV team included at least one terrorist who was reg-istered as a refugee from Syria. 
H.R. 4038 requires certification by the 
FBI Director that the security vetting process is sufficient to prevent an indi-vidual who is a security threat from being admitted as a refugee. The bill also requires that the DHS Secretary, FBI Director, and Director of National Intelligence certify to Congress that each refugee is not a security threat prior to his or her admission to the United States. 
In addition, H.R. 4038 requires the 
DHS Inspector General to review such certifications annually and report its findings to Congress. The certification procedures apply to aliens who are na-tionals of Iraq or Syria, those who have no nationality and whose last habitual residence was in Iraq or Syria, or who have been present in those countries at any time on or after March 1, 2011. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.008 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8382 November 19, 2015 
H.R. 4038 puts the administration on 
notice that their lax attitude toward this issue will no longer be tolerated. And it puts the administration on no-tice that Congress is not yet finished reforming refugee policy. 
In fact, our committee has been hard 
at work long before the Paris attacks working on legislation to make nec-essary security-related and other changes to the U.S. Refugee Admis-sions Program. We look forward to moving that legislation through the House. 
H.R. 4038 is not meant to be the sole 
solution to the security problems we face in vetting Syrian and other refu-gees, but it is an important first step. I look forward to Congress taking addi-tional action to ensure America’s safe-ty. 
I thank the gentleman from Texas 
and the gentleman from North Caro-lina for the work they have done on this bill. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, the so- 
called American SAFE Act purports to make us safer. But as the administra-tion has so correctly observed, this measure would provide no meaningful additional security for the American people. Worse yet, it would effectively deny refugee status for Syrians and Iraqis who are themselves victims of terrorism in their own homelands. 
b1145 
H.R. 4038 is a terribly flawed and in-
humane bill for many reasons. To begin with, while ensuring the safety of all Americans should be our top priority, H.R. 4038 does nothing to achieve this goal. 
This measure sets unreasonable 
clearance standards that the Depart-ment of Homeland Security simply cannot meet. Refugees seeking to come to our shores are already subject to the highest level of vetting, more than any other traveler or immigrant to the United States. 
This extensive screening process is 
performed by the Department of Home-land Security, the State Department, in conjunction with the Central Intel-ligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and other law enforce-ment and intelligence agencies. The process utilizes methodical and exhaus-tive background checks that often take up to 24 months, on average, to com-plete, and even longer, in some cases. 
We must keep in mind that our Na-
tion was founded by immigrants and has historically welcomed refugees when there is suffering around the globe. Whether it is an earthquake in Haiti, a tsunami in Asia, or 4 years of civil war in Syria, with no end in sight, the world looks always to the United States. We provide protections for refu-gees and asylum seekers, especially women and children. Nevertheless, in the wake of the Sep-
tember 11 attacks on our shores and the tragic November 13 terrorist at-tacks in Paris, we must be vigilant, particularly in the midst of a global refugee crisis. 
H.R. 4038, however, is an extreme 
over-reaction to these latest security concerns. Rather than shutting our doors to these desperate men and women and children who are risking their lives to escape death and torture in their own homelands, we should work to utilize our immense resources and good intentions of our citizens to welcome them. 
Finally, Congress needs to do its part 
by properly funding refugee resettle-ment as well as funding our Federal agencies so they have the necessary personnel and programs to complete se-curity checks that we already have in place. Instead of slamming our doors to the world’s most vulnerable, we should be considering legislation to strength-en and expand refugee programs. 
Unfortunately, the bill before us 
today is not a serious effort to legis-late, and it will not make us safer. It is a knee-jerk reaction, as evidenced by the fact that this measure was intro-duced just 2 days ago, and has not been the subject of a single hearing or any meaningful review by our committee. 
Rather than betraying our values, we 
must continue to focus on the most ef-fective tools to keep us safe, while also providing refuge for the world’s most vulnerable. 
Accordingly, I urge all of my col-
leagues to oppose H.R. 4038. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), the chairman of 
the Homeland Security Committee, and the chief sponsor of this bill. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
first thank the gentleman from Vir-ginia, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for his work on this legis-lation. 
I rise today to urge my colleagues to 
support the American Safe Act. 
Let me be clear. We are a nation at 
war. The world was reminded last week that Islamic terrorists are seeking to harm our people, destroy our way of life, and undermine the foundational principles of the free world. 
Sadly, with the news that at least 
one of these terrorists may have infil-trated Europe posing as a Syrian ref-ugee, the Paris attacks appear to con-firm our worst fears, that, of the thou-sands of foreign fighters who have gone to Syria and Iraq to join ISIS, some would be deployed to bring terror back to the West. 
The world is now looking at America 
for leadership and for a clear-eyed un-derstanding of the threat. 
ISIS is not ‘‘contained,’’ as the Presi-
dent says. ISIS is expanding globally and is plotting aggressively. The group is now responsible for more than 60 ter-rorist plots against Western targets, including 18 in the United States. Here in the homeland, we have ar-
rested more than one ISIS supporter a week in the past year, and the FBI says it has nearly 1,000 ISIS-related inves-tigations in all 50 States. 
Today, we must take decisive action 
to show the American people that we are doing all that we can to protect our country. We must listen to the words of our enemies. 
ISIS has vowed, in their words, to ex-
ploit the refugee process, to sneak operatives, to infiltrate the West, and they appear to have already done that, to attack our allies. 
For nearly a year, intelligence and 
law enforcement agencies have warned Congress, both publicly and privately, that they are alarmed by intelligence collection gaps and our ability to weed out terrorists from the refugee process. 
FBI Director Comey testified before 
my committee and stated: ‘‘We can query our databases until the cows come home, but nothing will show up because we have no record of them.’’ 
Homeland Security Secretary John-
son said: ‘‘We know that organizations like ISIS might like to exploit this program.’’ 
This is an administration official’s 
words, not mine. 
This legislation would add two im-
portant layers to our defenses, creating the most robust national security screening process in American history for any refugee population. 
The American SAFE Act also strikes 
an important balance between security and our humanitarian responsibilities. It sets up roadblocks to keep terrorists from entering the United States, while also allowing legitimate refugees who are not a threat to be resettled appro-priately. 
Let us not forget, this legislation is 
the first in a series of steps we must take to defend the homeland, but ulti-mately, to win this war, we must take the fight to the enemy. 
Last week, the streets of Paris could 
just have easily been the streets of New York or Chicago or Houston or Los An-geles. 
But as I have said before, our long- 
term message to these terrorists must be clear. You may have fired the first shot in the struggle but, rest assured, America will fire the last. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ), one who has 
worked harder on this issue than any-one I know. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, all of us 
watched with horror the events in Paris. November 13 was France’s Sep-tember 11. 
And all of us have paused to consider 
what further should be done to make sure that America is safe because our first obligation, as Members of Con-gress, is to make sure that America is safe. 
So, as we watch the refugees from 
the Middle East pouring into Europe, concern has been expressed—and I think correctly—who are these people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.029 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8383 November 19, 2015 
hidden among the many helpless vic-
tims? Are there those who would pose a threat? 
It is worth noting that our process 
for refugees is completely different. No one gets into the United States unless they have been completely vetted. This process starts with the U.N. referring only those people who are vulnerable, who have been tortured, who have been victimized, who are helpless women and children, for screening by us. 
We have a process that includes solic-
iting information from the DEA, from the intelligence agencies, from the FBI, and the like. All of those agencies have a veto. If there is a problem, they veto the admission. The process takes 2 years or more, and a very small num-ber of people actually are admitted. 
Of the 2,000 or so Syrian refugees who 
have been admitted to the United States, the overwhelming majority are children and widows who have been vic-tims of torture, who have seen their husbands beheaded. 
The bill before us, as has been de-
scribed by the Speaker and the author, would stop the refugee program. They call it a pause. They would stop it be-cause it completely restructures the very elaborate system that we have. 
By putting the FBI as the lead agen-
cy, they would have to hire agents, send them over. It would be a pause. That is what they have described. We think it would take a couple of years to start up. 
Now, why is that a bad idea? ISIS is our enemy, and we need to 
fight them, and we need to defeat them. But we are fighting on two lev-els; one, military, but also, this is a fight of values. 
America stands for freedom. We are 
the beacon of light, of democracy, of freedom in the world. And part of that value of America is allowing people who are escaping monsters like ISIS to be able to become Americans like us. 
We need to screen and make sure 
that we are completely safe. But if we stop that program, we give ISIS a win. 
Please defeat this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ), the chief 
cosponsor of the legislation. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, America 
is a compassionate country. We are a good country. We have a long history of accepting refugees, people fleeing oppression and violence. 
But we also have an obligation to the 
American people. As we welcome peo-ple into this country who are seeking asylum, we owe it to the American peo-ple to know who these people are. And when you have got a terrorist group like ISIS, who has said that they will exploit this refugee crisis to infiltrate America—this is an organization that has said their goal is to come to Amer-ica and kill Americans—I take them at their word. 
The number one responsibility of this 
body is to protect the American people. It is not me saying that we have chal-lenges with the current vetting proc-
ess; it is experts from President Obama’s administration. 
I draw your attention to the first 
quote here from Jeh Johnson: ‘‘It is true that we are not going to know a whole lot about the Syrians that come forth in this process.’’ That is defi-nitely a challenge. That is the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
I draw your attention to the next 
quote from Director James Comey of the FBI: ‘‘We can only query against that which we have collected, and so if someone has not made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interest re-flected in our databases, we can query our data until the cows come home, but nothing will show up because we have no record of that person.’’ 
This is not me saying that. This is 
not Republicans saying that. These are officials in President Obama’s adminis-tration saying that the current process is broken, that we are bringing in these refugees that we cannot properly vet. 
So our legislation simply says: Let’s 
stop this flow unless and until the law enforcement experts that President Obama has appointed, the FBI Direc-tor, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, can vouch for the fact that we have a process in place that they are comfortable with. 
How radical is that? This is common sense, and that is 
why our polls show that as many as 75 percent of the American people support this measure. 
b1200 
Mr. Speaker, I know the President 
has issued a veto threat, but I hope that today in this House we can come together, Republicans and Democrats, and respond to the will of the Amer-ican people and do our primary job to keep them safe so we can have a bipar-tisan vote that doesn’t say no refugees, it doesn’t say stop Syrian refugees, and it doesn’t say don’t ever let them in again. It says pause the program unless and until the law enforcement experts are comfortable that we have got a process. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. G
OWDY ), the chairman of the Immigra-
tion and Border Security Sub-committee, and ask unanimous consent that he be able to control that time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), a distinguished 
member of the House Judiciary Com-mittee. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to this irresponsible bill that would effectively block the settle-
ment of Syrian refugees in the United States for years. 
The shocking and tragic events in 
Paris have touched people all over the world and strengthened our resolve to defeat the terrorists who are respon-sible for these heinous acts, for bomb-ing a Russian airliner, and for carrying out deadly bombings in Beirut. But de-feating terrorism should not mean slamming the door in the faces of those who are fleeing the terrorists. That is why I am appalled by the actions of this House and by some of the words of my colleagues today. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States has 
always been and should always be a place of refuge. Remember, the Syrian refugees are running away from ISIS. They are running away from war, from terror. The are its victims. To stop thousands of desperate people who are fleeing unspeakable violence is uncon-scionable. We might as well take down the Statute of Liberty. 
Countries with much smaller popu-
lations like Lebanon and Turkey have agreed to take 1 million refugees or more. Even France just announced they are increasing the number of Syr-ian refugees they are accepting. We in the United States are talking about a mere 10,000. These refugees are subject to an extensive vetting process which can take up to 24 months. 
But the real danger America faces is 
that ISIS, through its propaganda, can radicalize people already here and in-spire them to attack the United States from within. In Paris we saw that sev-eral of the attackers were European nationals who could enter the United States without being vetted, so it is ri-diculous to assert that by denying ac-cess to refugees, we would be making America safer. 
We face a choice that will echo 
through history. In 1924, a racist, xenophobic, and anti-Semitic Congress passed legislation slamming the door shut on Jewish, Italian, Greek, and Eastern European immigrants. The Al-manac of American Politics said that, if it weren’t for the 1924 Immigration Act, perhaps 2 million of the 6 million Jews who were murdered in the Holo-caust would have been living safely in the United States instead. 
Back then we shut our doors to peo-
ple in desperate need. We must not do so again. We must not let ourselves be guided by irrational fear. We have a moral obligation and, for those who care, a religious obligation to extend a 
hand to those in need. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
oppose this bill. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority 
leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank those who have worked on the bill, Congressman R
ICHARD HUDSON , 
Chairman M IKEMCCAUL, a number of 
other committee chairmen, Chairman G
OODLATTE , and others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.030 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8384 November 19, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, this is not an issue that 
comes before us just because of action that happened recently—a horrific ac-tion. Mr. Speaker, our duty is to pro-tect the American people. Without se-curity, we cannot have freedom. With-out security, we cannot help others abroad. 
The American people are generous, 
and we want to help those in the world suffering from terrorism and civil war. The fact that America gives far more in foreign aid than any other country in the world is a testament to our gen-erosity. In 2014, we gave over $6.5 bil-lion in humanitarian foreign aid alone. That doesn’t even count the millions of dollars that privately have been offered by American people. 
But, Mr. Speaker, being generous 
does not mean we have to have a weak screening process for refugees, espe-cially for those coming from Iraq and Syria where we know people are there who seek to do us harm and are look-ing to exploit a weak process. It is wrong to condemn a strong screening process using the language of charity and morality. 
When we allow refugees into this 
country, we must be guided by one sin-gle principle: If you are a terrorist or you are a threat to our country, you are not getting in, period. The bill be-fore us increases the standards to keep those who want to do us harm out. 
But America is not saying ‘‘no’’ to 
refugees. America always stands as a beacon of hope for everyone fleeing op-pression and terror. Nothing will stop us from protecting the innocent while continuing our fight against evil. In-stead, this bill puts a pause on our ref-ugee program until we are certain that nobody being allowed in poses a threat to the American people. 
To those who do not even want to 
consider increasing accountability in our refugee process—and to the Presi-dent, who announced that he wants to veto this bill—let me tell you this: It is against the values of our Nation and the values of a free society to give ter-rorists the opening they are looking for to come into our country and harm the American people, and we have an obli-gation to stop that from happening. In the debate we are having on the ref-ugee crisis, we should not lose sight of the root of the problem. The real prob-lem is ISIL and our lack of strategy to destroy them. 
It astounds me that the President re-
fuses to face reality and admit that his strategy is failing. ISIL controls terri-tory the size of Maryland. Attacks in Paris, Beirut, and Egypt show that ISIL is not contained to Iraq and Syria. Every day ISIL continues to exist is another day they can train, re-cruit, and radicalize more people to continue their war on the civilized world and threaten the safety of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, this danger is real, and 
nothing can replace a winning strat-egy. Here in the House, we will not ac-cept half measures. We are committed to keeping America safe. That is why I 
ask all in the House to support this bill. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), a distin-
guished member of the House Judiciary Committee. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have been on the Homeland Security Committee since the heinous and vile acts of 9/11. I have often said that I was at Ground Zero, and I had the misery of seeing the recovery that was still oc-curring at that time. I take no back-seat to the concern and love for this Nation, as I know that neither do my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
But, Mr. Speaker, this legislation is 
divided in a simple premise: no to refu-gees, stop the refugee program, turn your back on children, women, and old people broken and bent. This side is saying that America’s values can par-allel the love, respect, and commit-ment to the national security of this Nation. 
ISIL is determined to divide this bi-
polar world; divide it between Muslims who share the distorted and profane in-terpretation and those who live every day under the sun who love freedom. We do not define the faith by those who kill us and maim us. As President Franklin Delano Roosevelt said: ‘‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself’’—nameless, unreasoning, and un-justified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert, retreat, and ad-vance. 
This is the extensive, extensive re-
view that only a small number of Syr-ians go through that are able to get in this country from refugee camps. That is the only place they come from. This is the extensive one. 
I say to the President, certify it now. But what this legislation does is re-
quires that the 5-year-old Syrian girl that has lived most of her life in a Jor-danian camp must be certified by four or five individuals who are already in the process of the certification. 
There are 60 million individuals who 
are displaced across the globe now. Twenty percent of them are Syrians fleeing the conflict that has taken 240,000 lives. Right now the FBI has 50 terrorist cells being investigated. They cannot count them as Syrian refugees. 
This is the wrong direction. Let us 
follow our values, Mr. Speaker. Vote that bill down and bring refugees who are already certified. This bill is un-necessary. It stops the refugee pro-gram. Where is our mercy? 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chairman of 
the Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today first to re-
affirm our solidarity with the people of France, our brethren in Beirut, and the families of the victims of Metrojet Flight 9268 who perished over the skies of the Sinai. The senseless and un-
speakable violence, the blind fanati-cism, the utter and irrational hatred for human life by ISIS, together they present a threat not just to national and global security, but also to the fundamental values that constitute the very fiber of civilization. 
Mr. Speaker, ISIS must be stopped. 
The violence must end. And the United States must do more—more to stamp out this evil, more to eradicate the threats posed here and abroad, and more to ensure that Americans can tuck in their children at night with a feeling of security that they will be waking up tomorrow morning for school free from fear. That is why we must support the SAFE Act. It is thoughtful, and it will further one of our principal national security prior-ities—keeping Americans safe—as we work to eliminate the threat posed by ISIS. 
The instability in Syria and the sur-
rounding region has continued unabated for more than 4 years, and we have witnessed an indescribable hu-manitarian crisis because of the bru-tality of the Assad regime and radical Islamic groups such as ISIS. 
In the wake of the Paris tragedy, we 
must step back and review the proce-dures in place for admitting refugees resulting from this conflict coming into our country. We can and must im-plement a system that assists the vic-tims of the tragedy but that also prioritizes American security first. 
H.R. 4038 will ensure that no refugee 
from Iraq or Syria steps foot on U.S. soil without the Secretary of the De-partment of Homeland Security, the FBI Director, and the highest intel-ligence officer certifying that each ref-ugee is not a security threat to the U.S. The Department of Homeland Se-curity, the FBI, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence must unanimously certify that a person seeking refuge in this country does not represent a secu-rity threat. This is an unprecedented vetting process to ensure dangerous people do not slip through the cracks. 
I urge your support, all in this Cham-
ber, so we can provide our military and intelligence personnel with the best possible chance for success as they work to keep us safe. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the 
bill. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), ranking mem-
ber on the Homeland Security Com-mittee. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the generosity from my colleague from Michigan on the time. 
Mr. Speaker, we live in uncertain and 
dangerous times with ever-evolving terrorist threats. The brutality that ISIL has inflicted on innocent people is both chilling and demands action. 
As Members of Congress, we have a 
responsibility to do all we can to pro-tect our citizens. In the wake of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.032 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8385 November 19, 2015 
Paris attacks, questions have been 
raised about the screening system that the U.S. utilizes and whether it can be exploited by terrorists. 
b1215 
In light of those questions, Mr. 
Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a let-
ter from the Department of Homeland Security former Secretary Janet Napolitano and former Secretary Mi-chael Chertoff supporting the current system of vetting refugees. 
NOVEMBER 19, 2015. 
Hon. B ARACK OBAMA , 
President of the United States, The White House, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. PRESIDENT : Following the cre-
ation of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, substantial progress has been made in protecting our nation’s homeland. The ongo-ing efforts by our national security experts have provided tools and resources to make a coordinated attack like the one in Paris last week much more difficult to achieve here at home. As a nation, we have strengthened se-curity at our air, land, and sea ports; we have strengthened the ability to monitor the travel of bad actors and detect fraud in our visa process; we have strengthened partner-ships with state and local law enforcement across the nation to ensure that they are prepared; and we have engaged with minor-ity and ethnic communities to prevent homegrown radicalization. 
As former Secretaries of the U.S. Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, it is our view that the American people are safer due to these efforts, but the Paris attacks remind us that we must remain ever-vigilant in this effort and that the highest priority of our government is to keep American’s safe. It is our view that we can achieve this mission in a manner that is consistent with American values of openness and inclusiveness. With respect to refugees seeking to resettle here, it is our view that we can admit the most vulnerable of these refugees into this coun-try safely as long as we do not compromise the already established protections. The process for any refugee seeking entry to the United States requires the highest level of scrutiny from a law enforcement and na-tional security perspective. The process takes place while the refugees are still over-seas, and it is lengthy and deliberate—taking an average of 18–24 months with no waiver of any steps. First, we consider only the most vulnerable—particularly survivors of vio-lence and torture, those with severe medical conditions, and women and children—for po-tential admittance to the U.S. Once a can-didate is selected they are subjected to bio-graphic and biometric security reviews based on the latest intelligence from the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (DHS), the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center, the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center, the Department of State, and the Department of Defense. If they pass these national security checks, they will then be personally interviewed by specially trained DHS personnel to ensure they are qualified for admittance. They are then subjected to recurrent vetting up to the final point of departure and a final interview at the border before being admitted into the U.S. 
The process that is currently in place is 
thorough and robust and, so long as it is fully implemented and not diluted, it will allow us to safely admit the most vulnerable refugees while protecting the American peo-ple. Fortunately, these goals are not mutu-ally exclusive. 
Sincerely, 
J
ANET NAPOLITANO , Former Secretary 
(2009–2013), Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
M
ICHAEL CHERTOFF , 
Former Secretary 
(2005–2009), Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, in recent days, however, we have seen a number of Governors, in-cluding the Governor of my home State, choose fear over facts. If they had done their research, they would have learned that our program is an ex-tensive 13-step process. 
It starts with a referral from the 
United Nations of a prescreened person within its refugee camps, requires the Department of Homeland Security to do in-person interviews, and subjects each applicant to recurring vetting against the Department of Homeland Security, the State Department, FBI, Department of Defense, and intel-ligence community terrorist and crimi-nal databases. No excuses, Mr. Speak-er. If any one of those reviews pops up with a problem, that person can’t be considered for the refugee program—no excuses. 
Unlike in Europe, where migrants 
crossed into countries that had little opportunity to vet them, no alien is al-lowed onto U.S. soil until all the checks are completed to DHS’ satisfac-tion. As has already been said by my colleague, Z
OELOFGREN , it takes about 
18 to 24 months to process an applicant for refugee status. 
Now, that processing is thorough, Mr. 
Speaker, and it is complete. But there has been a reference to a stolen pass-port in the Paris situation. That per-son, if they had applied for the refugee program, would have had to go through the same process of vetting that would have required at least 18 to 24 months. So the thought that that person could just get on a plane and get here to this country is actually not accurate, and that is my effort to perfect the record. 
Our system of vetting is a multi-lay-
ered, multi-agency approach where the FBI has veto authority on any appli-cant seeking refugee status. While no system is risk free, the protections in place in the American system are rig-orous, robust, and extensive. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, yesterday a wit-
ness that the majority invited to ap-pear before our committee, Matthew Olsen, the former Director of the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center, told our committee that no refugee pro-gram in the world is as extensive as what we do in the United States. 
Yet, here we are today considering 
H.R. 4038, a bill that would upend the current system, which was developed by security personnel with one thought in mind: to protect the homeland. And these security personnel have done a wonderful job. 
To the knowledge of all of us, none of 
the refugees that we are talking about from Syria or Iraq who came through this system have done anything but been model citizens since they have 
been here. Just for the record, there were 23,000 people that applied for ref-ugee status from these two countries. Of those 23,000, about 7,000 were actu-ally interviewed. Of those 7,000, only 2,000 were admitted. 
So, Mr. Speaker, our system is ro-
bust. It works and it speaks to our val-ues as Americans. I am proud to say that people who are abused, people who are oppressed, can still look to this country, follow the rules. If those rules are properly applied, they can look to America as somewhere they can call home, because most of those individ-uals applying for refugee status can’t go home. 
Once again, I call on Members to em-
brace facts over fear, Mr. Speaker, and vote against H.R. 4038. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from South Caro-lina for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, ISIS is at war with the 
United States. The question is: Is America at war with ISIS? I am not so sure, since we don’t have a strategy to defeat ISIS, other than if we are at-tacked, shelter in place, hunker down, get more security guards around the Capitol, use the tunnels rather than walk outside. That is what we were told after the Paris attacks, Mr. Speaker. 
This legislation is really simple. It 
has at its core the idea to protect American citizens. It has nothing to do with refugees as far as whether we ac-cept refugees. Our country accepts ref-ugees. We always have. That is clear. It is not the issue of refugees. It is the issue of letting ISIS terrorists get into the country to kill us, Mr. Speaker. 
Our own security that the gentleman 
from Mississippi kept talking about tells us we cannot vet Syrian refugees. The FBI Director says that. We can’t do it. We are not capable of doing it. One of the reasons is many of these folks have no identity. So we can’t do a background check on somebody who has no identity. 
This legislation says let’s take some 
safeguards. Before we bring in these specific refugees, let’s make sure that the people in charge of security certify that this person is not a threat. They can’t do it right now. Even the FBI Di-rector says they can’t certify. We owe that to the American public. This leg-islation does that. 
The gentleman from Mississippi is 
correct that 31 Governors of the States say: Wait a minute. Not so fast. Find out who these people are. 
I think the Governors of the States 
get it right. They ought to have the ability, I think, to decide whether peo-ple should come to their State or not only after a security check. 
So this legislation is a step to pro-
tect America, one of the things we are supposed to do. The legislation is com-ing up quickly. Why? Because it is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.033 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8386 November 19, 2015 
immediate threat. We have got refu-
gees being bombed over in Syria. If we are going to take them in, let’s at least have a plan to protect not only us, but those refugees. 
That plan is in this legislation. It 
seems to me it would be irresponsible not to pass the legislation to require a certification of everybody that comes into America so that America could be safe because that is our responsibility, Mr. Speaker. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ). 
(Mr. M CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, this 
bill is nothing but a PR piece that could have been written by Joseph Goebbels, who said, If you can make people afraid, you can make them do anything. What you are seeing here is the Republican’s attempt to panic the American people that there is not a system in place. 
Let me tell you about this system 
that is there. Mr. T
HOMPSON from Mis-
sissippi said what is really there. I helped a woman who for 2 years was a translator for American troops in Iraq. She was so good she saved lots of peo-ple’s lives. She was so good that the enemy put a mark on her and said they were going to kill her. So she had to go into hiding. 
It took her from January 2007 until 
September 2007 to get the papers and the witnesses and all the information necessary to get her into the United States. Somebody who had put her life on the line for us, our soldiers, it took 9 months to get her in. Then her moth-er and her brothers and sisters, who were 16 and 12 and 9, it took them 2 years to get into this country. 
We have a robust system that is 
working. This bill is PR bologna. We ought to vote ‘‘no.’’ It sends the wrong message. It says only White Christians can come into this country. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ), the chairman of the 
Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding and for all of his work to make our Nation more secure. 
Mr. Speaker, I do rise in support 
today of the safety and security of the American people. As Members of Con-gress, we have no more sacred responsi-bility. Thus, I rise in support of the American SAFE Act. 
Now, I join all Americans and all the 
people of the world in standing with the people of Paris. We are so sobered as to what happened to their homeland, but we are also sobered by the chal-lenge and the grave responsibility to thwart the same evil from coming to our homeland. 
The Director of the FBI testified be-
fore Congress just last month that a number of people who were of serious concern were able to slip through 
screenings of Iraqi refugees. That is what the Director of the FBI said. This disturbing information, Mr. Speaker, obviously raises very serious red flags about lapses in the security within our current refugee vetting system. 
Again, it is why I support and I en-
courage all Members to support the American SAFE Act of 2015. It would effectively hit the pause button on the refugee program, not the stop, but the pause button. 
It is simple legislation. It simply re-
quires more rigid standards so that the FBI, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and the Director of National In-telligence would positively certify that each refugee from Iraq and Syria does not pose a security threat to us, to our homeland, to our families. Otherwise, they will not be permitted to set down on American soil. It is simple. It is common sense. It is needed. 
Mr. Speaker, our hearts also go out 
to the millions of refugees forced to flee their homes and save their lives. There is no other country in the world—no other country in the world— that has been more generous with their time and treasure to refugees than the United States of America. 
But today is not the day to share our 
territory, not until and unless these people can be properly vetted to ensure they don’t threaten our families. 
Mr. Speaker, hopefully, the world has 
awakened that there is a very real threat that ISIS poses. It is not the JV team. They are not contained. What happened in Paris was not merely a setback. 
I urge my colleagues to take the re-
sponsibility to secure our homeland se-riously. This will be the first of what I know will be many steps that this Chamber will take to address the grow-ing threats that are posed to our fami-lies and our country. 
I thank the sponsor of the legislation 
for bringing it to the floor. I urge all my colleagues to adopt it. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our leader. 
b1230 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding and for his great service to our country in promoting our values and strengthening our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor in a 
very prayerful way today because we were all horrified at what happened in Paris, at what happened in Beirut, at what happened to the Russian airliner, to name a few recent incidences. 
We recognize that that is horrible 
and that we have to protect the Amer-ican people from it. To do so, we must be strong, but our strength must also spring from our prayerfulness for those who lost their lives or for those whose security was threatened physically, emotionally, and in every other way. 
In our country, we have a relation-
ship with France. They were our ear-liest friends. That is why in this Cham-ber of the House of Representatives, 
any visitor can see there are only two paintings. One is of our great patri-arch, George Washington, our hero, our Founding Father. 
The other painting in this Chamber 
is of the Marquis de Lafayette. It is in recognition of the friendship that the French Government extended to the Colonies in our war for independence. 
Just imagine George Washington and 
Lafayette, a long, long friendship. So, while we are concerned about violence wherever it exists in the world, when Paris was hit in such a vicious way, in some ways, it hit home for us, not that the other lives were not equally as im-portant. 
As we come to the floor to talk about 
what we do next, we take an oath of of-fice—every one of us—to protect and to support the American people and the Constitution of the United States. Keeping the American people safe is our first responsibility. It is the oath we take. If the American people aren’t safe, what else really matters? 
We understand the concern, the fear, 
in the country when an act of ter-rorism strikes. In fact, that is the goal of terrorists: to instill fear, to instill terror. We cannot let them succeed; so, we have to take the measures nec-essary to protect the American people and to be very strong in how we do it. 
That is why I have a problem with 
the bill that is on the floor today. It is because I think we have a much strong-er, better option to protect the Amer-ican people, and that is in the form of the Thompson-Lofgren legislation. 
Unlike in the Republican bill, the 
Democratic alternative applies tough scrutiny to all potential refugees, not just to Syrians and Iraqis, as the Re-publican bill is limited to. 
The Thompson-Lofgren Secure Ref-
ugee Process Act would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to verify the identities of all refugee ap-plicants. Any application that contains insufficient, conflicting, or unreliable information would be denied from day one. 
The bill also requires that at least 
five Federal agencies—the Department of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence—check all ref-ugee applications against their records. Any application that indicates a na-tional security or a criminal threat would be denied—all. Not Iraq-Syria— all. 
Two former Secretaries of Homeland 
Security—Secretary Janet Napolitano and Secretary Michael Chertoff—have written about the process that is in ex-istence now and which the Thompson- Lofgren legislation respects. The proc-ess that is currently in place is thor-ough and robust, and so long as it is fully implemented and not diluted, it will allow us to safely admit the most vulnerable refugees while protecting the American people. Fortunately, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.035 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8387 November 19, 2015 
they say, these goals are not mutually 
exclusive. 
There are other things that we could 
be doing in a bipartisan way, and I would have hoped that that would have been a place we could have gone with this. One of them relates to closing loopholes in the Visa Waiver Program. 
Today our colleagues on the Senate 
side are putting forth their principles, which state: ‘‘If an ISIS recruit at-tempts to travel to the United States on a fraudulent paper passport issued by a country that participates in the Visa Waiver Program, that individual would avoid biometric screening and an in-person interview.’’ 
How could we allow this loophole to 
exist if we are truly addressing this challenge in a comprehensive way? 
If the Republicans want to make the 
Nation safer in the face of terror, there is another clear area in which we should act, and that is we should be voting on Republican Congressman P
ETER KING’s bill in order to close the 
appalling loophole. 
It is outrageous that a person who is 
on the terrorism watch list—listen to this. If someone is on the terrorist watch list, he could walk into a gun store and buy a gun. His bill is called the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act. 
The visa waiver. Close the terrorist gun loophole. According to the GAO, over the last 
11 years, more than 2,000 suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list bought weapons in the United States. Did you know that? 
Ninety-one percent of all suspected 
terrorists who tried to buy guns in the United States walked away with the weapons they wanted over the time pe-riod with just 190 rejected despite their having ominous histories. Listen, 5 to 1, 10 to 1, they were able to get these guns. 
Why can’t we talk about guns when 
we talk about danger to the American people? 
It is outrageous that we would be 
slamming the door to mothers and children while we still allow people on the terrorist watch list to walk in the door of a gun store and buy a gun. 
With regard to those mothers and 
children, I join with labor, civil, human rights, and faith groups from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, from the Episcopalians, the Lutherans, the Methodists, the Presbyterians, the evangelicals, and Jewish groups. I join them in saying that the Republican bill before the House today fails to meet our values and fails to strengthen the security of the American people. 
Families in Syria and Iraq are des-
perately trying to escape ISIS’ grue-some campaign of torture, rape, vio-lence, and terror of the Assad regime. The Republican bill before the House today severely handicaps the refugee settlement in the future in our coun-try. It slams that door again on des-perate mothers and children who are fleeing ISIS’ unspeakable violence. As Leith Anderson, President of the 
National Association of Evangelicals, said: ‘‘Of course we want to keep ter-rorists out of our country, but let’s not punish the victims of ISIS for the sins of ISIS.’’ 
Did you know this? Here are the 
facts. 
Since 2001—just in the last few 
years—only about 2,200 Syrians have been admitted to the United States. Half are children, and 25 percent are seniors. All faced an 18- to 24-month- long screening process. 
As the Refugee Council and its coali-
tion of more than 80 faith, humani-tarian, and human rights groups point out in their letter to Congress: ‘‘Be-cause so few refugees in the world are resettled, the United States often chooses the most vulnerable, including refugees who cannot remain safely where they are and families with chil-dren who cannot receive the medical care they need to survive.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I include for the 
R
ECORD the Refugee Council’s letter 
with all of the cosigners. 
REFUGEE COUNCIL USA, 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ref-
ugee Council USA (RCUSA), a coalition of 20 non-governmental organizations committed to refugee protection and welcome, I write to you today to urge you to protect Syrian and Iraqi refugees and the integrity of the United States refugee resettlement program by vot-ing NO on H.R. 4038—The American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act 2015. 
Since 1975, the United States has resettled 
more than 3 million refugees from around the world, including 169,000 from Bosnia and more than 100,000 from Iraq. Three quarters of a million of those refugees entered the U.S. since 2001. During that time, there have been no recorded terrorist acts in the United States by a refugee. That should come as lit-tle surprise. Refugees are, by definition, peo-ple fleeing from persecution—not persecu-tors themselves. 
H.R. 4038 creates a bureaucratic review 
process that could take years to implement and would effectively shut down refugee re-settlement. The bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to ‘‘certify’’ whether an individual refugee is a threat or not after ‘‘concurrence’’ with the Directors of the FBI and DNI. The bill does not provide guidance on what the process for certification will be. This process will have to be created and agreed upon by three heads of agencies. Es-tablishing such a process could take years, and in the meantime, refugees who could be resettled would languish in camps and dan-gerous situations, Syrian Americans would not be able to reunite with their family 
members, and there would be very real rami-fications for international refugee protection and U.S. foreign policy interests in the re-gion. 
The process, once established, would add 
months or years to the security screening process, which is already the lengthiest and most robust in the world, routinely taking between 18 and 36 months. Obtaining the concurrence of three heads of federal agen-cies for EACH REFUGEE would take years and effectively put an end to the refugee re-settlement program. For reasons of security and safety, security and medical clearances are only valid for limited periods of time. During the certification process, these clear-ances will expire. This will mean that refu-gees will be caught in an un-ending loop of security clearances that will never end. The bill requires reporting to thirteen con-
gressional committees on each refugee that is considered for resettlement. This is unrea-sonably burdensome and will further delay the admission of refugees, cause security clearances to expire, and effectively end the program. 
Refugees are already the most vetted non- 
citizens in our country. All refugees undergo thorough and rigorous security screenings prior to arriving in the United States, in-cluding but not limited to multiple bio-graphic and identity investigations; FBI bio-metric checks of applicants’ fingerprints and photographs; in-depth, in-person interviews by well-trained Department of Homeland Se-curity officers; medical screenings; inves-tigations by the National Counterterrorism 
Center; and other checks by U.S. domestic and international intelligence agencies. Su-pervisory review of all decisions; random case assignment; inter-agency national secu-rity teams; trained document experts; foren-sic testing of documents; and interpreter monitoring are in place to maintain the se-curity of the refugee resettlement program. Due to technological advances, Syrian refu-gees are also undergoing iris scans to con-firm their identity through the process. 
The bill is a waste of resources. Funds used 
to establish and run this certification proc-ess would be better used in conducting ac-tual security reviews of refugees and others who are vetted by these agencies. 
The bill is a pretext and requires differen-
tial treatment of refugees from Syria and Iraq without providing a justification for the additional verification. It is a disguised at-tempt to stop refugees from two countries long beset by internal conflict, including ref-ugees who have been in neither Syria nor Iraq for four years. Differential treatment, with no clear justification, amounts to dis-crimination on the basis of nationality with-out rational basis. 
No terrorist attacks in the US have been 
committed by refugees. The few non-citizens who have caused harm have come to the US as tourists or through other means. This bill will tell the world that the US has no inter-est in being part of the global solution to protect the victims of the violence in Syria and Iraq. It will keep US citizen family members of these refugees from reuniting with their loved ones who are in danger. This bill does nothing to keep the country safe, is a waste of tax dollars, and is an attack on refugees and immigrants—both those who are seeking safety and those who are already here. 
For these reasons we ask that you vote 
‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4038. We also want to draw your attention to the attached letter signed yes-terday by 81 national organizations in sup-port of Syrian refugees. 
We appreciate your support in protecting 
the refugees. 
Sincerely, 
M
ELANIE NEZER , 
Chair, Refugee Council USA. 
Ms. PELOSI. As it is the proud Amer-
ican tradition, we can both ensure the security of our country and welcome desperate women, children, and seniors who are facing ISIS’ brutality. As my colleague who spoke before me just said, our hearts go out to the refugees, but our hand of friendship does not. And it could. 
We could do this in a bipartisan way. 
If we betray our values as a country and slam the door in the faces of those innocent victims of terror, we do not strengthen our security. We weaken ourselves in the fight against ISIS’ sav-age ideology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.037 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8388 November 19, 2015 
As the Refugee Council USA and its 
coalition wrote to Congress—and this is very important—‘‘it would send a de-moralizing and dangerous message to the world that the United States makes judgments about people based on the country they come from and their religion. This feeds into extrem-ist propaganda and makes us all less safe.’’ 
I talked about the French to begin 
with. It was interesting to me to hear President Hollande as he spoke to thousands of people in the wake of the tragedy. What he said in some of his re-marks at various venues was that France would be welcoming 30,000 refu-gees from Syria in the period ahead. With all that they have suffered, with the immediacy of the tragedy, with the emotion of the moment, they are still doing the right thing. 
The Republican bill before us does 
not make us safer, and it does not re-flect our values. It does not have my support. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. A
SHFORD ). 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, in my 
view, H.R. 4038 is, in fact, a common-sense approach to addressing the legiti-mate security concerns that my con-stituents and the American people have expressed to me and are express-ing today. 
In the wake of the horrific attacks in 
Paris—in my view, it is a game-chang-er—we must and are obligated to reas-sess our existing procedures—and that is all this bill does—for admitting and monitoring refugees from countries as-sociated with ISIS. I cannot sit back and ignore the concerns of my con-stituents and the American public. 
This legislation does not shut down 
the refugee asylum process. If it did, I wouldn’t support it. We are simply ask-ing the administration to reassure us that those coming to the United States do not pose a threat to the American people. We should not accept anything less from our Federal Government. 
I am very proud of our American leg-
acy of being a welcoming nation, and I have devoted much of my professional life to that concept and idea. This leg-islation, in my view, does not diminish that legacy. Rather, this legislation will protect that legacy into the future and will reassure Americans that we are working to protect them. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ). 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I think it 
is without question that we have the strongest, the most stringent, and the toughest refugee system in the entire world. I don’t think anybody can dis-pute that. Yet, we are still humani-tarians with regard to what our system is. 
This bill is called the American 
SAFE Act, but where our greatest dan-ger lies is when rhetoric is given for ISIS to utilize in order to recruit American citizens—those of us who are here to radicalize them—and then they 
can go to a gun shop and buy an as-sault weapon. 
b1245 
If we truly want to make sure that 
America is safe, we should make sure that no homegrown or radicalized per-son here has access to an assault weap-on. We should have a bill. 
We want every American to be safe, 
as I hear my colleagues talking. I am with you. How do we make them safe? Make sure that nobody, refugee or oth-erwise, has the ability to come to our Nation and put their hands on an as-sault weapon that can harm our people. That is what will keep America safe. Working together with the most strin-gent refugee system is what we need to do. 
This is just something to try to keep 
people from coming in who are running away from rape, from violence, from persecution. Young children and women who are widows overwhelm-ingly are the individuals of the 2,000 that have been led in here. 
Let’s keep America safe. Let’s keep 
assault weapons out of our land. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of H.R. 4038. This legis-lation will give us a pause to ensure that a benevolent safe haven in Amer-ica is not used by terrorists to murder a large number of Americans. After the slaughter in Paris, it behooves us to take a close look to see to it that Americans will not be put in jeopardy by an irresponsible refugee policy or by flaws in our own system that already exist. 
We can be proud that our country has 
a tradition of assisting suffering refu-gees, but we will not be consistent with that by putting Americans in jeopardy. 
What could we do that might make 
the system better, improve the system, protect more Americans? If we pause for a moment, we might come up with some ideas. For example, let me be the first on the floor of the House to advo-cate that all people coming here, espe-cially from the Middle East, be given polygraph tests. Let’s give them a lie detector test to find out who they are. This shouldn’t be an option for our em-bassies. It should be a requirement for our embassies to give such polygraph tests. 
Finally, we have heard several ref-
erences to the Jews being sent back in 1938 to Nazi Germany. Well, the Jews had been targeted for genocide. It was wrong, it was horrible, and it was im-moral for us to send them back and not recognize they had been targeted for genocide. 
Well, today the Christians in the 
Middle East are targeted for genocide. I hear over here: Oh, no, you are not going to let anybody in but Christians. No. Christians should get the priority the same way those Jews should have been given the priority in 1938 because, today, Christians are targeted for geno-
cide in the Middle East. So we do not want to make the same mistake that sent the Jews back in 1938 to Hitler’s death camps. Let’s not make the same mistake and send Christians back be-cause we won’t give them priority be-cause it might make some people upset with us. 
I call for, number one, my colleagues 
to join us and save the Christians from genocide; and number two, let’s make our system better so Americans are not put in jeopardy by the benevolence of our own people. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
HERMAN ). 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, we 
want to vote for a bill to reflect the angst of our constituents. If you read this bill, you can’t vote for it. It forces our three security leaders—the Direc-tor of the FBI, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of Homeland Security—to personally re-view, vote on, and certify each and every individual refugee file. 
We admitted 187 Syrian refugees last 
month. If our security leaders just spend 2 hours on each file, it will con-sume all of their working hours. ISIS cannot simultaneously and perma-nently incapacitate our security lead-ers. This bill does. 
Now, some will say that our security 
leaders just won’t look at any of the files, that this is an underhanded way for Congress to halt all refugees with-out taking responsibility, but our secu-rity leaders are human. They are going to look at the picture of Aylan Kurdi— that 3-year-old boy on the Turkish beach—and our security leaders will know that if they just invest a couple of hours in personally reviewing a file, they can save a human life. If they just spend another 2 hours, they can save another human life. Our security lead-ers will be full-time refugee evaluators. 
This bill is not a pause bill. This is a 
permanent bill which permanently in-capacitates our security agencies. Read the bill. Vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank my friend from South Caro-lina for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, we are under attack. 
Across the globe and here at home, we are being targeted. We are at war. The enemy has brought war to us. And make no mistake about it, this enemy is radical Muslim extremism. 
Last week in Paris, we saw a brutal 
reminder of just how dedicated our enemy is in fighting this war against us. We must fight back, and we must do more. The United States of America must do more. 
The President of the United States, 
on the very day ISIS attacked Paris, argued that ISIS had been contained. He was wrong. Last year, the President called ISIS the JV team. He was wrong. The President has been wrong on ISIS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.038 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8389 November 19, 2015 
from the very beginning, and he is 
wrong now. Where is the strategy? Where is the willpower? Where is the leadership? 
Two years ago, Secretary of State 
John Kerry testified in front of the House Armed Services Committee about the need to arm Syrian rebels. I questioned this decision because we had no way of vetting these rebels. I told Secretary Kerry at the time: ‘‘America is just not buying what you are selling.’’ Two years later, the ad-ministration has shut down the arming of Syrian rebels because it was com-pletely ineffective. 
Now, the administration wants to 
bring in 10,000 Syrian refugees to the United States, refugees who even the Director of the FBI says cannot be fully vetted. We cannot allow this to happen 
Mr. Speaker, today we are going to 
pass a strong piece of legislation to protect the American people. The SAFE Act will ensure the highest level of scrutiny is placed on every single Syrian refugee and effectively stop this program until we can ensure Ameri-cans are protected. I believe we should do more, but this is a powerful first step to stopping dangerous terrorists from reaching our soil. 
The President, our Commander in 
Chief, the one person charged with pro-tecting the U.S. homeland above all others has threatened to veto this bill. I dare him. I dare the President to veto this bill because he is angrier at Re-publicans than he is terrorists. I dare him to veto this bill because he thinks his strategy is working, despite the devastation in Paris. I dare the Presi-dent of the United States to tell the citizens of the United States that he is more concerned with Syrian refugees than the safety of the American people. I dare him. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. T
EDLIEU). 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I am Congressman T EDLIEU. 
I am a veteran, and I oppose the Repub-lican legislation that would upend America’s refugee program for Syrians and Iraqis. It is the wrong solution for 
the wrong problem. 
There has not been a single act of 
terrorism on American soil committed by a refugee. In Paris, those horrific attacks were committed by French and Belgian citizens. Under the Republican rationale, we ought to be banning trav-el for French and Belgians to America. If that sounds ridiculous, then so is scapegoating Syrian orphans, widows, and senior citizens fleeing persecution. 
America is a country born of persecu-
tion, forged in liberty’s name with equality for all. We are that shining city upon the hill. We are better than this. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from the great State of South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, as a Christian, I have compas-sion and sympathy for the refugees in 
Syria. In fact, I visited with many of them in a refugee camp in Jordan, a camp that held about 120,000 Syrian refugees. 
We are criticized for not having com-
passion on this issue. Let me tell you, compassion cuts two ways. We should also be cognizant of the compassion we should show our fellow citizens here in America. That compassion is exempli-fied by using the good sense that God gave us in addressing this national se-curity concern that our Nation faces. 
Our compassion should be, too, to 
make sure to the best of our abilities— and I think that is what this legisla-tion does—is it says we are going to use the best of our abilities that no harm comes to our fellow countrymen. We should do everything we can to make sure that elements of evil are not introduced, due to our compassionate hearts, into the neighborhoods, the towns, the cities, and the States that we represent in this great Nation. 
We lock our doors, not because we 
hate the people on the outside. We lock our doors because we love the people on the inside. This legislation is a great first step to hit pause. Let’s get this right for the people we serve in the great Nation that we swear to uphold and defend. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, my 
Republican friends, unlike the French who had the vision and courage not to scapegoat desperate Syrian refugees fleeing the barbarians that attacked them in Paris, this is a foolish attempt to thwart ISIS terrorists who won’t wait 2 years to be vetted. 
They would do what the 9/11 hijack-
ers did using the existing visa system. Are we going to pause and certify visas for students, tourists, or workers? Why 
not? 
One really objectionable portion of 
this bill for me is I have worked for 10 years to try and help the Iraqis who worked with us in Iraq during that war to be able to escape the tender mercies of al Qaeda and others with long memories who are killing and tor-turing them. This bill pulls the plug on that and condemns them to be left to the terrorists. I think that is reprehen-sible. These are people who depended upon us, who relied upon us. We have been working in a bipartisan way for 10 years to help them escape to safety, and this bill would slam that door shut. You ought to be ashamed. 
Mr. GOWDY. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. 
BOYLE ). 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a great way for Congress to appear as if it is acting and achieving something with-out actually doing anything. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a 
member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. We have had numerous hear-
ings from the beginning of the year, in-cluding yesterday, on this issue specifi-cally. 
One of the great challenges Western 
countries face is the problem of home-grown terrorism. We saw that last week in Paris when the overwhelming majority of those who perpetrated these acts were French nationals and 
Belgian nationals. 
So the big issue we face is: What do 
we do with those who hold European passports and who can come here easily by getting a plane ticket? What do we do with the problem of homegrown ter-rorism here in the U.S. among Amer-ican citizens? Those are the key chal-lenges we face in how we balance our civil liberties, our need for tourism, our need for economic bilateral rela-tions, with our need for security. This bill sadly today does absolutely noth-ing about that. 
So we are going to pass this bill. We 
are going to pat ourselves on the back. We are going to go home and say we did something when actually we have done nothing to solve the problem and protect the security of the American people. 
b1300 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ). 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, the 
safety of our fellow Americans, and America itself, is and must be our number one priority, our number one responsibility here in this Chamber. The people of America have a right to expect—indeed, demand—exactly that. 
Our national security screening and 
background system for refugees is the toughest in the world. That is why so few refugees from Syria have ever been able to receive their clearance to be ac-cepted into this country. 
But then Paris, November 13, hap-
pened. Terror reigns and fear spreads, including here. We are reminded of 9/11. If I believed that this rushed legisla-tion made our toughest of refugee screening systems work better, I would vote for it. If this rushed legislation only adds another layer of bureaucracy that makes our screening process look tougher and then results in denying women and children who are fleeing the very terrorists we seek to keep out a chance to seek that refuge here in this country, then I cannot support that. 
Our tradition and our values open our 
door, as in the past, to those who fled Europe to start this country in the first place. It is up to us to do this cou-rageously and do it right, not with rushed legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), a member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.040 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8390 November 19, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is 
here without having gone through com-mittee. It is not our normal process. It is considered an emergency. It is not an emergency. Refugees will not get in this country for 1
1⁄2to 2 years from the 
time they apply. 
We could come back and look at the 
Democratic bill, of which I am a co-sponsor, that incorporates Mr. K
ING’s 
amendment to prevent terrorists or people on the terrorist list from get-ting guns, and get a Democratic and Republican bill that we might find we could agree on. 
Instead, we are doing this for poli-
tics, and we are doing it by continuing to use the pinata of President Barack Hussein Obama. This is an attack on the President, who has a responsibility to defend us, and his team is doing it. This doesn’t add anything to it. It doesn’t make us safer. It is simply a political way to attack the President, and it is wrong. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why I will be 
voting ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire how much time remains for both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The gentleman 
from South Carolina has 2 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Michi-gan has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time until such time as my friend from Michigan has closed. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude in the R
ECORD from today’s New 
York Times Editorial Board, noted today, ‘‘Refugees From War Aren’t the Enemy.’’ It includes, ‘‘this measure represents election-year pandering to the xenophobia that rears up when threats from abroad arise. People who know these issues—law enforcement and intelligence professionals, immi-gration officials and humanitarian groups—say that this wrongheaded pro-posal simply would not protect Ameri-cans from ‘foreign enemies.’’’ 
[From the New York Times, Nov. 18, 2015] 
REFUGEES FROMWARAREN’T THE ENEMY  
(By The Editorial Board) 
The House is expected to vote Thursday on 
H.R. 4038, the American Security Against Foreign Enemies (SAFE) Act of 2015, which Republican sponsors say ‘‘would put in place the most robust national-security vetting process in history’’ for refugees, one that would ‘‘do everything possible to prevent terrorists from reaching our shores.’’ 
Conceived partly in response to the Paris 
attacks, the bill seeks to ‘‘pause’’ admission of Syrian and Iraqi refugees. Though there are real fears of terrorism, this measure rep-resents election-year pandering to the xeno-phobia that rears up when threats from abroad arise. People who know these issues— law enforcement and intelligence profes-sionals, immigration officials and humani-tarian groups—say that this wrongheaded proposal simply would not protect Ameri-cans from ‘‘foreign enemies.’’ 
One of the bill’s chief sponsors, Represent-
ative Michael McCaul of Texas, chairman of the House committee overseeing the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, surely knows how federal protocols for admitting refugees 
work. Yet the bill disregards the complicated current process, which already requires that applicants’ histories, family origins, and law enforcement and past travel and immigra-tion records be vetted by national security, intelligence, law enforcement and consular officials. This process can take 18 months to two years for each person. 
Among other hurdles, the measure would 
require that the secretary of homeland secu-rity, the director of the F.B.I. and the direc-tor of national intelligence personally cer-tify that every refugee from Syria and Iraq seeking resettlement here is not a threat. That’s a lot of women, children, and old peo-ple. 
Moreover, this bill ignores most of what 
the United States has learned, since 9/11 and before, of how potential terrorists actually reach these shores: such individuals more often already live here, or they come via ille-gal means. Unlike the refugees in Europe, those seeking resettlement in the United States must apply from abroad. They don’t arrive until formally admitted, and about half of those seeking refugee status are ap-proved. 
So far, half of the Syrian refugees accepted 
into the United States, officials say, have been children, and another quarter are over 60 years old. Roughly half are female, and many of those applying from abroad are multigenerational families, often with the primary breadwinner missing. About 2 per-cent are single males of combat age. 
Given these facts, it is fair to say that the 
people who will be denied resettlement by this bill would be the victims of war, people who have been tortured and threatened by the same jihadists the United States now battles. They are families, they are old peo-ple and they are children, who might be given a chance for an education and a future. 
This is a frightening time for Europe, and 
for the United States. Should this bill reach his desk, President Obama is more than like-ly to veto it because it has little to do with fighting global terror. It is sad that this pro-posal has been described as a first chance for the new speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, to cooperate with the Senate. This bill doesn’t reflect who Americans are, and congressional leaders should have the good sense to realize that. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ), a member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I have 
listened to all of this debate with keen interest, and it is with a sense of great sadness that we were unable to come up with a bipartisan bill today. 
I would like to note, however, that a 
bill was introduced by myself and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that actually is much 
tougher than the bill before us. It would relate to all refugees in terms of their identity and their excludability— including Nigerians because we are worried about Boko Haram and Soma-lians because we may be worried about al Shabaab—and that is a tougher ap-proach. I recommend it. 
But we also took good ideas from Mr. 
M
CCAUL’s bill. It is a good idea to do 
some sampling on the IG. It is a good idea to have some reporting to the committees. Unfortunately, our bill was not made in order; but it is a stronger bill that incorporates the good ideas from the Republican bill and a smarter approach to deal with 
the threat. 
Mr. GOWDY. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I in-
clude in the R
ECORD letters of opposi-
tion to H.R. 4038. 
WHITE HOUSE STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION  
POLICY  
H.R. 4038—AMERICAN SAFE ACT OF 2015  
(Rep. McCaul, R–TX, and Rep. Hudson, R– 
NC) 
The Administration’s highest priority is to 
ensure the safety and security of the Amer-ican people. That is why refugees of all na-tionalities, including Syrians and Iraqis, considered for admission to the United States undergo the most rigorous and thor-ough security screening of anyone admitted into the United States. This legislation would introduce unnecessary and imprac-tical requirements that would unacceptably hamper our efforts to assist some of the most vulnerable people in the world, many of whom are victims of terrorism, and would undermine our partners in the Middle East and Europe in addressing the Syrian refugee crisis. The Administration therefore strong-ly opposes H.R. 4038. 
The current screening process involves 
multiple Federal intelligence, security, and law enforcement agencies, including the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Depart-ments of Homeland Security (DHS), State, and Defense, all aimed at ensuring that those admitted do not pose a threat to our country. These safeguards include biometric (fingerprint) and biographic checks, medical screenings, and a lengthy interview by spe-cially trained DHS officers who scrutinize the applicant’s explanation of individual cir-cumstances to assess whether the applicant meets statutory requirements to qualify as a refugee and that he or she does not present security concerns to the United States. Mindful of the particular conditions of the Syria crisis, Syrian refugees—who have had their lives uprooted by conflict and continue to live amid conditions so harsh that many set out on dangerous, often deadly, journeys seeking new places of refuge—go through ad-ditional forms of security screening, includ-ing a thorough pre-interview analysis of each individual’s refugee application. Addition-ally, DHS interviewers receive extensive, Syria-specific training before meeting with refugee applicants. Of the 2,174 Syrian refu-gees admitted to the United States since September 11, 2001, not a single one has been arrested or deported on terrorism-related grounds. 
The certification requirement at the core 
of H.R. 4038 is untenable and would provide no meaningful additional security for the American people, instead serving only to create significant delays and obstacles in the fulfillment of a vital program that satisfies both humanitarian and national security ob-jectives. No refugee is approved for travel to the United States under the current system until the full array of required security vet-ting measures have been completed. Thus, the substantive result sought through this draft legislation is already embedded into the program. The Administration recognizes the importance of a strong, evolving security screening in our refugee admissions program and devotes considerable resources to contin-ually improving the Nation’s robust security screening protocols. The measures called for in this bill would divert resources from these efforts. 
Given the lives at stake and the critical 
importance to our partners in the Middle East and Europe of American leadership in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.041 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8391 November 19, 2015 
addressing the Syrian refugee crisis, if the 
President were presented with H.R. 4038, he would veto the bill. 
DEARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : The National 
Immigration Law Center (NILC) urges you to vote no on H.R. 4308. Our nation’s refugee laws and programs already include intense security screening and no legislation is re-quired. Our nation would be turning its back on its most fundamental values if we were to adopt measures that hinder or unnecessarily restrict refugee admissions to the U.S. 
Congress does not need to impose new 
mandates, like H.R. 4038, that would effec-tively freeze refugee resettlement programs for Syrian, Iraqi or any other refugees. Screening and security measures for refugee admissions are the most robust and thorough in the nation. The agencies directly involved in security screening for refugees are contin-ually reassessing and updating their proce-dures to keep in line with technology and in-telligence resources. The White House has also stated its opposition to H.R. 4038. 
Proposals like H.R. 4038—along with others 
that unnecessarily mandate additional bur-dens on our refugee resettlement programs— are attempts to demonize refugees who are fleeing some of the most dangerous and dev-astating conditions in the world and to dis-credit our nation’s long-standing and suc-cessful refugee resettlement programs that have welcomed and reunited refugee families from around the world. 
We urge you to vote NO on H.R. 4038 which 
would halt and likely delay for months, years or more the Syrian and Iraqi refugee programs. 
Sincerely, 
A
VIDEH MOUSSAVIAN , 
Economic Justice Policy Attorney , 
National Immigration Law Center. 
REFUGEE COUNCIL USA, 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ref-
ugee Council USA (RCUSA), a coalition of 20 non-governmental organizations committed to refugee protection and welcome, I write to you today to urge you to protect Syrian and Iraqi refugees and the integrity of the United States refugee resettlement program by vot-ing NO on H.R. 4038—The American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act 2015. 
Since 1975, the United States has resettled 
more than 3 million refugees from around the world, including 169,000 from Bosnia and more than 100,000 from Iraq. Three quarters of a million of those refugees entered the U.S. since 2001. During that time, there have been no recorded terrorist acts in the United States by a refugee. That should come as lit-tle surprise. Refugees are, by definition, peo-ple fleeing from persecution—not persecu-tors themselves. 
H.R. 4038 creates a bureaucratic review 
process that could take years to implement and would effectively shut down refugee re-settlement. The bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to ‘‘certify’’ whether an individual refugee is a threat or not after ‘‘concurrence’’ with the Directors of the FBI and DNI. The bill does not provide guidance on what the process for certification will be. This process will have to be created and agreed upon by three heads of agencies. Es-tablishing such a process could take years, and in the meantime, refugees who could be resettled would languish in camps and dan-gerous situations, Syrian Americans would not be able to reunite with their family members, and there would be very real rami-fications for international refugee protection and U.S. foreign policy interests in the re-gion. 
The process, once established, would add 
months or years to the security screening process, which is already the lengthiest and 
most robust in the world, routinely taking between 18 and 36 months. Obtaining the concurrence of three heads of federal agen-cies for each refugee would take years and effectively put an end to the refugee reset-tlement program. For reasons of security and safety, security and medical clearances are only valid for limited periods of time. During the certification process, these clear-ances will expire. This will mean that refu-gees will be caught in an un-ending loop of security clearances that will never end. 
The bill requires reporting to thirteen con-
gressional committees on each refugee that is considered for resettlement. This is unrea-sonably burdensome and will further delay the admission of refugees, cause security clearances to expire, and effectively end the program. 
Refugees are already the most vetted non- 
citizens in our country. All refugees undergo thorough and rigorous security screenings prior to arriving in the United States, in-cluding but not limited to multiple bio-graphic and identity investigations; FBI bio-metric checks of applicants’ fingerprints and photographs; in-depth, in-person interviews by well-trained Department of Homeland Se-curity officers; medical screenings; inves-tigations by the National Counterterrorism Center; and other checks by U.S. domestic and international intelligence agencies. Su-pervisory review of all decisions; random case assignment; inter-agency national secu-rity teams; trained document experts; foren-sic testing of documents; and interpreter monitoring are in place to maintain the se-curity of the refugee resettlement program. Due to technological advances, Syrian refu-gees are also undergoing iris scans to con-firm their identity through the process. 
The bill is a waste of resources. Funds used 
to establish and run this certification proc-ess would be better used in conducting ac-tual security reviews of refugees and others who are vetted by these agencies. 
The bill is a pretext and requires differen-
tial treatment of refugees from Syria and 
Iraq without providing a justification for the additional verification. It is a disguised at-tempt to stop refugees from two countries long beset by internal conflict, including ref-ugees who have been in neither Syria nor Iraq for four years. Differential treatment, with no clear justification, amounts to dis-crimination on the basis of nationality with-out rational basis. 
No terrorist attacks in the US have been 
committed by refugees. The few non-citizens who have caused harm have come to the US as tourists or through other means. This bill will tell the world that the US has no inter-est in being part of the global solution to protect the victims of the violence in Syria and Iraq. It will keep US citizen family members of these refugees from reuniting with their loved ones who are in danger. This bill does nothing to keep the country safe, is a waste of tax dollars, and is an attack on refugees and immigrants—both those who are seeking safety and those who are already here. 
For these reasons we ask that you vote 
‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4038. We also want to draw your attention to the attached letter signed yes-terday by 81 national organizations in sup-port of Syrian refugees. 
We appreciate your support in protecting 
the refugees. 
Sincerely, 
M
ELANIE NEZER , 
Chair, Refugee Council USA. THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE ON  
CIVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , 
Washington, DC, November 19, 2015. 
Oppose H.R. 4038’s Refugee Policy ‘‘Re-
forms’’. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of The 
Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, we write to express our strong oppo-sition to H.R. 4038, the ‘‘American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015.’’ This bill would effectively end the admission of refugees from Syria and Iraq, while doing virtually nothing to improve ‘‘American se-curity against foreign enemies,’’ as the name suggests. It is an illogical, poorly considered proposal that is simultaneously far too broad and far too narrow. 
Under our current system, refugees reset-
tled in the United States undergo more secu-rity vetting than immigrants or visitors who come here through any other channel, and more than refugees who are resettled in any other country in the world. Yet under H.R. 4038, and after we have already resettled 3 million refugees from around the world since 1975 (including 100,000 from Iraq), Congress has just this week concluded that our secu-rity screening procedures are insufficient. In their place, H.R. 4038 would institute new screening procedures for Syrian and Iraqi refugees—procedures which are poorly de-fined, but which would take years to fully implement. 
The practical impact of H.R. 4038’s onerous 
new requirements would be to prevent any refugees from either of these two countries from being admitted for the foreseeable fu-ture. Meanwhile, only five days after the ter-rorist attacks in Paris, French President Francois Hollande has stated that France will honor its commitment to admit 30,000 refugees from war-torn Syria—three times more than President Obama had proposed to admit. 
At the same time that H.R. 4038 would 
cause us to cede our decades-long moral high ground in protecting refugees, we struggle to comprehend precisely how it would make America safer. If the assumption behind H.R. 4038 is that Iraqi and Syrian citizens some-how pose a greater threat than citizens of other countries, this bill does not affect the admissions of immigrants or nonimmigrant visitors via other legal channels. If the as-sumption behind the bill is that refugees somehow pose a greater threat than other types of immigrants, this bill only affects refugee admissions from two countries. 
We are certainly not suggesting that H.R. 
4038 be expanded in any way. But the narrow scope of the bill does make us wonder ex-actly what the sponsors are hoping to ac-complish through its enactment. We should note that few of the terrorists who attacked Paris last week, and none of the hijackers who attacked our country on September 11, 2001, would have been prevented from enter-ing the United States under the provisions of this bill. 
Again, we urge you to oppose this bill. If 
you have any questions, please contact ei-ther of us, or Senior Counsel Rob Randhava. 
Sincerely, 
W
ADEHENDERSON , 
President & CEO. 
NANCY ZIRKIN , 
Executive Vice Presi-
dent. 
[From MoveOn.org, Nov. 18, 2015] 
MOVEONRESPONDS TO OBAMA ’SVETOTHREAT  
OFHOUSE REFUGEE BILL 
(By Brian Stewart) 
Anna Galland, executive director of 
MoveOn.org Civic Action, had the following statement in response to news that Presi-dent Obama would veto a House bill that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.035 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8392 November 19, 2015 
would make it more difficult for vetted refu-
gees to be admitted to the United States: 
‘‘We stand strongly with President Obama 
on this one. MoveOn members will fight vig-orously to uphold the principles of welcome and compassion that are engraved on the Statue of Liberty, and against the xenophobic, hateful, and counterproductive rhetoric and proposals we’ve heard this week from some—primarily Republican—politi-cians. 
‘‘We will work to help defend the United 
States’ essential program for resettling refu-gees, many of whom are fleeing from threats of terrorism to save their lives and protect their children. We urge Congress, and in par-ticular every Democrat, to show courage and compassion in keeping our doors open to ref-ugees in need—and to opening them wider in this moment of crisis.’’ 
Since Tuesday, more than 115,000 people 
have signed state- and local-level petitions on MoveOn.org opposing bans on Syrian refu-gees. 
CHRISTIAN REFORMED CHURCH , 
November 19, 2015. 
CRCNA STATEMENT TO THE U .S. HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES ’ RECORD ON THE AMERICAN SE -
CURITY AGAINST FOREIGN ENEMIES ACT OF 2015  
As Executive Director of the Christian Re-
formed Church in North America, I lament the attacks in Beirut, Baghdad, and Paris on November 12 and 13 and would like to express my grief for the victims and their families. 
In the wake of these attacks, anti-refugee 
sentiment has greatly increased throughout the world. Refugees—who are fleeing from the violence of terrorism—should not be scapegoated for these extreme acts of vio-lence. As Christians, we must speak clearly and loudly: we are called to welcome the stranger, protect the vulnerable, and love fearlessly. We are called to respond with love even amidst our fear. 
The world is still facing the largest refugee 
crisis in recorded history. We must continue to have compassion for the vulnerable indi-viduals fleeing conflict in Syria. Refugees al-ready go through security screenings that can take up to 1,000 days; unnecessary addi-tions to the process would be neither com-passionate nor caring. 
The Christian Reformed Church has a long 
history of welcoming the vulnerable and helping to resettle refugees in safe commu-nities. The CRCNA pledges to fully partici-pate in resettling Syrians of all religions during this current crisis as it has done with refugees from Iraq, Afghanistan, Cambodia, Cuba, Vietnam, and elsewhere. 
Sincerely, 
D
R. STEVE TIMMERMANS , 
Executive Director, CRCNA. 
AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. 
Re Oppose H.R. 4038, the ‘‘American Security 
Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015.’’ 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : The American Civil 
Liberties Union strongly urges you to oppose H.R. 4038, the ‘‘American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015,’’ or ‘‘American SAFE Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 4038). A vote on the bill is scheduled to take place on Thursday, November 19, 2015. The ACLU urges you to vote NO on H.R. 4038. The ACLU will score this vote. 
I. H.R. 4038 creates bureaucratic obstacles 
to end U.S. acceptance of refugees from Syria and Iraq without any demonstrated public-safety benefit. 
H.R. 4038 creates a bureaucratic-review 
process that likely would effectively shut down resettlement of refugees from Syria and Iraq. The bill mandates new certifi-cations and undefined background investiga-tions for all refugees who are nationals or 
residents of Iraq or Syria, and many who are not. Under H.R. 4038, all refugees deemed to originate from Iraq or Syria—including any-one who has been in either country at any 
time in the last four and a half years—may only be admitted to the U.S. after the Direc-tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of National Intelligence unani-mously concur that the refugee has cleared an additional background investigation on top of what the Attorney General this week testified is ‘‘significant and robust’’ security screening. There has been no need expressed by federal intelligence or law-enforcement agencies for such an unprecedented clear-ance process, which could take years to operationalize and does not add any public- safety benefit for the U.S. population. In short, H.R. 4038 would bring the U.S. reset-tlement process of Syrian and Iraqi refugees to a grinding halt. 
II. H.R. 4038 would result in unjustified dis-
crimination against refugees from Syria and Iraq based on their nationality, national ori-gin, and religion. 
It is wrong and un-American to condemn 
groups without reason solely based on their nationality, national origin, religion, or other protected grounds. The proposed cer-tification and background investigation re-quirements in H.R. 4038 would only apply to refugees deemed to be from Iraq or Syria, and not other countries. The bill sponsors have provided no sufficient reason for addi-tional certification and investigation re-quirements to justify the differential treat-ment of refugees from Syria and Iraq, or even defined how that differential treatment would improve current practice. H.R. 4038, therefore, amounts to impermissible dis-crimination on the basis of nationality and national origin without a rational basis. 
The extra certification and investigation 
requirements in H.R. 4038 would dispropor-tionately harm Muslim refugees seeking pro-tection in the U.S. According to the Refugee Processing Center, 96 percent of Syrian refu-gees admitted to the U.S. since the Syrian civil war began in 2011 are Muslim, while over 60 percent of Iraqi refugees admitted since the Iraq war began in 2003 are Muslim. Muslim refugees would disproportionately suffer the consequences of this discrimina-tory bill, as they would be denied entry to the U.S. and forced to languish in refugee camps for years on end. 
III. H.R. 4038 is an attack on vulnerable 
refugees from Syria and Iraq, both those seeking protection and those already resid-ing in the U.S. 
Not only is H.R. 4038 an attack against ref-
ugees from Syria and Iraq, but it would also harm those refugees’ family members who are already in the U.S. and eagerly awaiting to be reunified with their loved ones. This bill would subject those families to an inter-minable wait and would prolong unnecessary suffering for both the refugees seeking pro-tection and those family members waiting in the U.S. Moreover, the bill’s very name, the ‘‘American Security Against Foreign En-emies Act,’’ would worsen stigmatization of Syrian and Iraqi refugees—and, more broad-ly, scapegoat all refugees—fanning the flames of discriminatory exclusion here and abroad. 
IV. Conclusion The ACLU urges the House to vote NO on 
H.R. 4038. For more information, please con-tact ACLU Legislative Counsel Joanne Lin. 
Sincerely, 
K
ARIN JOHANSON , 
Director, Washington 
Legislative Office. 
JOANNE LIN, 
Legislative Counsel. CHRIS RICKERD , 
Policy Counsel. 
ASIAN AMERICANS ADVANCING JUSTICE , 
November 18, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : Asian Americans 
Advancing Justice (Advancing Justice) is a national partnership of five nonprofit, non- partisan organizations that work to advance the human and civil rights of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders through advocacy, public policy, public education, and litiga-tion. We are based in Washington D.C., At-lanta, Chicago, Los Angeles, and San Fran-cisco. We write to urge you to vote NO on H.R. 4038, The American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015 (American SAFE Act of 2015). 
We are all shocked and saddened by the re-
cent attacks in Paris and elsewhere but now is not the time to close our hearts and our state to people fleeing violence and terror. We must be careful not to act impulsively in response to recent violence and we must be vigilant against enacting policies targeting people based on their national origin or reli-gion. Due to the legacy of the internment of Japanese Americans in WWII and the treat-ment of Arab, Middle Eastern and South Asian after 9/11, the Asian American commu-nity is all too familiar with hasty actions based on discrimination and fear. 
Protecting national security and public 
safety is important to all of us, but we should not let fear and prejudice guide our decisions about whom to welcome to Amer-ica. The refugee resettlement program is al-ready the most difficult way to enter the United States, routinely taking individuals several years to be processed. All refugees undergo thorough and rigorous security screenings prior to arriving in the United States, including but not limited to multiple biographic and identity investigations; FBI biometric checks; in-depth, in-person inter-views by Department of Homeland Security officers; medical screenings; investigations by the National Counterterrorism Center, and other checks by U.S. domestic and inter-national intelligence agencies. In addition, other measures such as mandatory super-visory review of all decisions, random case assignment, and forensic document testing are in place to maintain the security of the refugee resettlement program. 
H.R. 4038 creates a bureaucratic review 
process that could take years to implement and would effectively shut down refugee re-settlement. The bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to ‘‘certify’’ whether an individual refugee is a threat or not after ‘‘concurrence’’ with the Directors of the FBI and National Intelligence. The bill does not provide guidance on what the process for cer-tification will be. This process will have to be created and agreed upon by three heads of agencies. Establishing such a process could take years, and in the meantime, refugees who could be resettled would languish in camps and dangerous situations, Syrian Americans would not be able to reunite with their family members, and there would be very real ramifications for international ref-ugee protection and U.S. foreign policy in-terests in the region. 
The process, once established, would add 
months or years to the security screening process, which is already the lengthiest and most robust in the world, routinely taking between 18 and 36 months. Obtaining the concurrence of three heads of federal agen-cies for each refugee would take years and effectively put an end to the refugee reset-tlement program. For reasons of security and safety, security and medical clearances are only valid for limited periods of time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.036 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8393 November 19, 2015 
During the certification process, these clear-
ances will expire. This will mean that refu-gees will be caught in an un-ending loop of security clearances that will never end. 
The bill also requires reporting to more 
than a dozen congressional committees on each refugee that is considered for resettle-ment. This is unreasonably burdensome and a waste of resources. Funds used to establish and run this certification process would be better used in conducting actual security re-views of refugees and others who are vetted by these agencies. 
This bill is merely a pretext for discrimi-
natory treatment of refugees from Syria and Iraq without providing a justification for the additional verification. America should re-main a place of safety for people seeking ref-uge and peace from around the globe. We strongly urge you to vote no on H.R 4038 and reject similar proposals that would limit or impose unnecessary processes that effec-tively prevent future refugees from coming to the United States. 
If you have questions about our rec-
ommendation, please contact Erin Oshiro at Asian Americans Advancing Justice-AAJC. Thank you. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEWART KWOH, 
President & Executive 
Director, Advancing Justice, Los Angeles. 
C
HRISTOPHER  
PUNONGBAYAN , 
Executive Director, 
Advancing Justice, Asian Law Caucus. 
M
EEMOUA, 
President & Executive 
Director, Advancing Justice, AAJC. 
T
UYET LE, 
Executive Director, 
Advancing Justice, Chicago. 
H
ELEN KIMHO, 
Executive Director, 
Advancing Justice, Atlanta. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, our folks back home are under-standably frightened, and there is no question that ISIL must be destroyed and that the safety of Americans must be our first priority. But denying ref-uge to women and children who are fleeing rape and torture and who go through a 2-year vigorous entry proc-ess will not make us a safer country. 
At a time when we are trying to 
forge a coalition of international na-tions, it is self-defeating to send a mes-sage of isolation. Our antiterrorism re-sources must be focused on terrorists, not on innocent human beings seeking shelter from the most unspeakable hor-rors. 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, Members of the com-
mittee and of the House, instead of slamming our doors to the world’s most vulnerable, we should be consid-ering legislation to strengthen and ex-pand refugee programs. 
Unfortunately, the bill before us 
today is not a serious effort to legis-late, and it will not make us safer. It is a knee-jerk reaction, as evidenced by the fact that this measure was intro-
duced just 2 days ago and has not been the subject of a single hearing or any meaningful review by our committee. 
Rather than betraying our values, we 
must continue to focus on the most ef-fective tools to keep us safe, while pro-viding refuge for the world’s most vul-nerable. Accordingly, I plead with, I urge my colleagues to please oppose H.R. 4038. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, it seems 
commonsensical that when it comes to national security and public safety, we should listen to and rely upon the women and men who are actually ex-perts and have dedicated their lives to public safety and national security. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a fact: We don’t 
have sufficient information to appro-priately investigate and vet failed na-tion-states. 
This is a fact: ISIS has sworn to 
bring its war against innocents here. 
This is a fact: Administration offi-
cials noted ISIS may well use the ref-ugee program to infiltrate our country. 
This is also a fact, Mr. Speaker: The 
margin for error is zero. It is zero. The presumption should always be in favor of national security and public safety because that is the preeminent role of government, and it is our constitu-tional duty, Mr. Speaker. 
So unless and until those we place in 
charge of our national security and public safety can provide the necessary assurances, we should seek to aid those who need aid where they are. 
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, the 
President says that we are scared of widows and orphans. That is what passes for debate in this day and age. With all due respect to the President, what we are really afraid of, Mr. Speaker, is a foreign policy that pro-duces so many widows and orphans. 
He is the Commander in Chief, Mr. 
Speaker. His job is to make our homes safer. He could also make the home-land of the refugees safer. He could re-store order to the region, and he can defeat that JV team that he once thought he had contained. That would be the very best thing we could do for those who aspire to a better, safer life. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I submit the 
following letters from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and First Focus Campaign for Children. 
UNITED STATES CONFERENCE OF  
CATHOLIC BISHOPS , COMMITTEE ON  
MIGRATION , 
Washington, DC, November 19, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB), I write to oppose passage of H.R. 4038, the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015. 
As you know, the legislation would sus-
pend the resettlement of refugees from Syr-ian and Iraq until a procedure could be es-tablished whereby the Secretary of the De-partment of Homeland Security (DHS) would 
certify—with concurrence of the FBI direc-tor and the Director of National Intel-ligence—that each refugee is not a terrorist threat. It also would require that the current or a future Administration report to thirteen congressional committees on each refugee that is considered for resettlement. These re-quirements would keep many deserving refu-gees in danger for an extended period of time, at risk of their lives, but would not necessarily make the process a more effec-tive one. 
The U.S. Catholic bishops acknowledge and 
support the right of our government to de-fend our nation and to ensure that the Amer-ican people are safe. However, we believe that this legislation is designed to severely limit, if not end, the resettlement of Syrians or Iraqis to the United States, including vul-nerable women and children, the elderly, and religious minorities fleeing violence and death, including Christians. It also would impact Iraqis who may have been forced to flee to Syria during the Iraqi war, even those who may have supported our troops. 
The current security process for Syrian 
refugees can take up to 24 months or longer, as refugees go through several interviews and 5 security clearance reviews. Refugees go through more security checks than any ar-rival to our nation. Since 2001, the United States has resettled 784,000 refugees under this process and there has not been a single terrorist act committed by a refugee admit-ted into the country. 
The U.S. refugee program is an example of 
a successful private-public partnership which has enjoyed bipartisan support for decades. Presidents from both political parties have supported, and, at times, expanded the pro-gram to respond to humanitarian crises orig-inating from global conflicts, including President Gerald R. Ford after the Vietnam War, President Bill Clinton after the Bosnian conflict, and President George W. Bush after the Iraqi War. H.R. 4038 represents a threat to this tradition and to our moral leadership in the world. 
Instead of imposing additional bureau-
cratic processes upon the current stringent security system through the adoption of H.R. 4038, we encourage you to work with the Ad-ministration to strengthen it, without sus-pending the program. I also ask that you work with your colleagues and the Adminis-tration to end the Syrian conflict peacefully so the 4 million Syrian refugees can return to their country and rebuild their homes. 
Until that goal is achieved we must work 
with the world community to provide safe haven to vulnerable refugees who are simply attempting to survive. H.R. 4038 abdicates our moral responsibility in this area and must be defeated. 
Thank you for your consideration of our 
views. 
Sincerely, 
M
OSTREVEREND EUSEBIO ELIZONDO , 
Auxiliary Bishop of Seattle, WA, 
Chairman. 
FIRST FOCUS 
CAMPAIGN FOR CHILDREN , 
Washington, DC, November 19, 2015. 
DEAR MEMBER : On behalf of First Focus 
Campaign for Children, a national bipartisan advocacy organization dedicated to making children and families a priority in federal policy and budget decisions, I write to you today to strongly urge that you oppose the American SAFE Act (H.R. 4038). This bill would immediately prevent all refugees from Syria and Iraq from entering the United States and makes the process for their entry considerably more difficult. 
The American SAFE Act creates a much 
more stringent, discriminatory process for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.037 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8394 November 19, 2015 
refugees from Syria and Iraq to gain entry 
into the United States. These populations would be singled out and could not be admit-ted until the Director of the FBI, the Sec-retary of DHS and the Director of the Na-tional Intelligence have received a back-ground investigation that is deemed suffi-cient to determine whether the refugee is a threat. This process is fraught with com-plications as thousands of refugee children and their families will remain in limbo in-definitely and agencies would have to use significant resources to coordinate inves-tigations and create new criteria for who can be admitted. The United States already has much tougher protections than European na-tions, evident in the fact that all refugees are screened for 18–24 months before stepping foot in the U.S. and face the highest level se-curity screening of any traveler or immi-grant. 
Those fleeing from violence in Syria are 
amongst the most vulnerable in the world. Over 50% of those who have entered the United States are children and a quarter are over the age of 60. By adding an unnecessary layer of bureaucracy to the screening proc-ess, the United States would be jeopardizing the lives of thousands of innocent children who have committed no crime other than to be born in a country rife with instability and susceptible to unspeakable acts of terrorism. These children have already experienced a great deal of trauma and creating barriers for safety will only make their situations more desperate. 
America has a proud history of providing 
refuge for those in need, and this bill runs contrary to our most fundamental values of compassion and fairness. Thus, we strongly urge you to oppose HR 4038 as it further un-dermines the safety of millions of children who are seeking protection from the very terrorism we are seeking to defeat. 
Sincerely, 
B
RUCE LESLEY , 
President. 
DEARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : The National 
Immigration Law Center (NILC) urges you to vote no on HR 4038. Our nation’s refugee laws and programs already include intense secu-rity screening and no legislation is required. Our nation would be turning its back on its most fundamental values if we were to adopt measures that hinder or unnecessarily re-strict refugee admissions to the U.S. 
Congress does not need to impose new 
mandates, like HR 4038, that would effec-tively freeze refugee resettlement programs for Syrian, Iraqi or any other refugees. Screening and security measures for refugee admissions are the most robust and thorough in the nation. The agencies directly involved in security screening for refugees are contin-ually reassessing and updating their proce-dures to keep in line with technology and in-telligence resources. The White House has also stated its opposition to HR 4038. 
Proposals like HR 4038—along with others 
that unnecessarily mandate additional bur-dens on our refugee resettlement programs— are attempts to demonize refugees who are fleeing some of the most dangerous and dev-astating conditions in the world and to dis-credit our nation’s long-standing and suc-cessful refugee resettlement programs that have welcomed and reunited refugee families from around the world. 
We urge you to vote NO on HR 4038 which 
would halt and likely delay for months, years or more the Syrian and Iraqi refugee programs. 
Sincerely, 
A
VIDEH MOUSSAVIAN . 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my oppo-sition to H.R. 4038, the American Security 
Against Foreign Enemies Act. As a result of horrific terrorist attacks in Paris, France and Beirut, Lebanon last week, many elected offi-cials in the United States are demanding that we stop admitting refugees fleeing Syria or place strict restrictions upon their entrance. This rhetoric is disheartening and dis-appointing. We are facing a global refugee cri-sis that requires a global response. 
With 60 million people displaced, the United 
States must do its part to help protect and re-settle vulnerable families and children who are fleeing violence and persecution. While we must continue to ensure that screening proce-dures are able to properly vet those seeking political asylum in this country, I refuse to turn my back on innocent people who are fleeing the atrocities in their homeland. 
H.R. 4038 places unnecessary bureaucratic 
obstacles in front of Syrian and Iraqi refugees without any demonstrated public safety benefit and would result in completely unjustified dis-crimination based on nationality, origin, and religion. This is not only wrong, it is not Amer-ican. H.R. 4038 also wrongly attacks vulner-able refugees who are fleeing the same dan-gerous attacks that we fear so much here on American soil. 
While I do believe that we must remain vigi-
lant in our safety precautions, we cannot close our doors and our minds to the children and families seeking protection, shelter, and safe-ty. In Dallas, we have always shown our com-passion to those who seek safety. I refuse to slam the door on a small fraction of the world’s Syrian refugees. In fact, 184 Syrian refugees have already been placed in Texas with more than 1,500 across the nation and we will certainly welcome more. 
We cannot turn our backs on those who fall 
victim to war, aggression, and tenor. Instead, we must show compassion by promoting peace and diplomacy. I urge my colleagues to vote against this divisive and discriminatory legislation. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to HR. 4038. 
In the aftermath of last week’s barbaric ISIL 
terrorist attack in Paris the Republican leader-ship of the U.S. House has decided that the best way to protect the security of the Amer-ican people is to attack Syrian and Iraqi refu-gees. These are the innocent and vulnerable children, parents, and elders who are seeking protection from murderous armies, terrorist groups, and death squads. 
The perpetrators of the Paris attack were 
ISIL radicals with European citizenship, not refugees. As many as 3,000 European ex-tremists have traveled to Syria to join the ranks of ISIL. In fact, the ISIL mastermind be-hind the Paris attack who was killed by French authorities, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, was a Bel-gian citizen, not a refugee from Syria or Iraq. Meanwhile, the U.S. visa waiver program al-lows unrestricted access to the U.S. from the European Union which is an open door for Eu-ropean extremists not on a watch list to enter our country. In my view, this is where the real reform and intelligence sharing must be strengthened. 
The American Security Against Foreign En-
emies Act (HR. 4038) is a Republican ploy that is cruel, callous, and a blatant display of xenophobia used to energize a political base that is motivated by a hatred of immigrants. This legislation is not designed to protect our national security interests, but rather will be 
used as a political weapon to attack Demo-crats who still believe our nation should be a safe haven for vulnerable people seeking free-dom from persecution and the threat of death. 
I support resettling refugees in the U.S. and 
I have always welcomed them to Minnesota. The most modem identification technology and intelligence background checks need to be uti-lized in the resettlement security process. That means this Republican Congress must act re-sponsibly and provide the necessary funding for such a comprehensive screening protocol. I support appropriating full funding for these strict protocols. 
ISIL is a global scourge that must be eradi-
cated. Keeping America safe and eliminating ISIL will require intelligence, military, and counter-terrorism coordination between the U.S. and all allies. Unfortunately, H.R. 4038 is a transparent effort to scapegoat Syrian and Iraqi refugees who have suffered immeas-urably, but clearly not enough for some of my colleagues. I reject this Republican bill as an-other example of driving a political agenda based on willful ignorance in the face of a se-rious terrorist threat. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in opposing H.R. 4038. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
opposition to H.R. 4038, the American Secu-rity Against Foreign Enemies (SAFE) Act of 2015, legislation that was introduced just 48 hours ago with no consideration by any Com-mittees of jurisdiction. In the wake of horrific terrorist attacks across the globe, I understand and appreciate the concerns and fear in our communities. We must recommit to keeping our country safe and secure, but keeping our country safe and accepting refugees fleeing war and terrorism are not mutually exclusive and never have been throughout the history of our great nation. 
The American SAFE Act would effectively 
bar refugees, many of whom are women and children, from escaping violence and finding a safe haven in our country. The United States already has an extremely rigorous screening process for refugees that includes 18 to 24 months of detailed background checks, screening, and interviews administered by the Departments of State, Homeland Security, and Defense. 
The President has committed to allowing an 
additional 10,000 refugees into our country, and more than half of those are children. Our history reflects a nation that thrives on diver-sity and is strengthened by the contributions of immigrants, and in darker times, our history also provides examples of where we have failed in the past, most notably during the early years of World War II. The men, women, and especially children who are seeking a bet-ter life and refuge from bullets and bombs are counting on us. As an American and a mother, I urge my colleagues not to respond to fear and political rhetoric by supporting this bill and instead commit to a thoughtful debate that will strengthen our national security policy without closing our border to the world’s most vulner-able. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise before you with the words that are in-scribed on our Statue of Liberty that reflects our history of a nation of what America is, should be, and to become to many people re-gardless of nationality, ethnicity, and creed (religious belief). We are a nation of Native 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.051 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8395 November 19, 2015 
Americans, descendants of slaves, and immi-
grants. Historically, these words have not al-ways reflected the true meaning of freedom through time and periods of conflict. 
The American Safe Act is a bill that at-
tempts to infuse fear on Americans about ter-rorism and would lead to slowing down the process of resettlement in the Syria and Iraq region for the most vulnerable refugees pos-sibly for years to come. 
History is a tool that we should always learn 
from and always seek to build on the exist-ence of our past to make America better and not a spectator on the wrong side of history. 
Remember what was said about the Japa-
nese Americans during World War II, when they were placed in internment camps. Fear was the reason and rationale as to why spe-cific citizens were looked on as enemy aliens that needed to be put away to protect our na-tional security and make America safe from danger of foreign influences. 
Remember what happen to immigration 
quotas and restrictions of Jewish refugees fleeing from a holocaust in Europe. Where American polls were suggesting to not allow German and other political refugees from en-tering America due to fear and concern of possible entry of German agents among refu-gees. 
What about the Haitians and Africans who 
are turned back or returned to their country of origin while seeking refuge in America? 
Mr. Speaker, Deja vu all over again, yes we 
should be cautious and yet wise in our deci-sions that are temper with compassion and not fear to reject a people in their greatest hour of need. 
I submit the following Statue of Liberty 
Poem: 
NEW COLOSSUS (STATUE OF LIBERTY POEM)  
Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, 
With conquering limbs astride from land to 
land; 
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall 
stand 
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name 
Mother of Exiles. 
From her beacon-hand 
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes 
command 
The air-bridged harbor that twin cities 
frame. 
‘‘Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!’’ 
cries she With silent lips. 
‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, 
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe 
free, 
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. 
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to 
me, 
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!’’ 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, the entire goal of 
terrorists—in their cowardly acts of violence against innocent and unsuspecting civilians— 
is to cause death, chaos, bring intense fear and intimidate the global community. We were victims of the most horrendous terrorist at-tacks on 9–11 and we all joined in feelings of renewed honor as we watched the terrorist at-tacks in Paris. 
We need to ensure that our response is 
both strong in purpose and effective. We did that after 9–11. We put in place the most strin-gent refugee resettlement program in the his-tory of our country. 
These are the facts: Refugees are referred to the U.S. program 
after being screened by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees who first de-
termines if resettlement in a third country is the right solution. 
The current U.S. screening process takes 
between 18–24 months. It involves multiple Federal intelligence, security, and law enforce-ment agencies, including the National Counterterrorism Center, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Departments of Homeland Security (DHS), State, and De-fense, all aimed at ensuring that those admit-ted do not pose a threat to our country. These safeguards include biometric (fingerprint) to confirm identity, multiple layers of biographical and background checks, and medical screenings. 
Specifically, each applicant’s biographical in-
formation is checked against the Department of State’s Consular Lookout and Support Sys-tem—which includes terrorist watchlist infor-mation during prescreening. Then, Security Advisory Opinions from the law enforcement and intelligence communities for each appli-cant is secured. 
All of this information helps to inform the 
lengthy in-person interviews. DHS officers scrutinize the applicant’s explanation of indi-vidual circumstances to assess whether the applicant meets statutory requirements to qualify as a refugee and that he or she does not present security concerns to the United States. If as a result of the security process, U.S. security agencies cannot verify details of a potential refugee’s story, they are denied. These checks happen before an application is approved and long before a refugee would be able to enter the United States. 
And these are the facts on the refugees: Refugees by definition are the most vulner-
able people in our global society. They are fleeing war, violence and persecution. In Syria refugees are either fleeing the violence brought on by the civil war and the violence of President Assad’s army or the terror of ISIS operating from there. 
The emphasis for the U.S. program is to 
admit the most vulnerable—particularly women and children, survivors of violence and torture, and those with severe medical conditions. Since 2011, 2,034 Syrian refugees have been admitted to the United States. A quarter of these refugees are adults over 60. Half are children. Young, single males unattached to families constitute only 2% of the Syrian ref-ugee admissions to date. DHS interviewers re-ceive extensive, Syria-specific training before meeting with refugee applicants. 
Each Member of Congress takes very seri-
ously our number-one responsibility to protect the homeland. At times of crisis it is crucial that we act in a bi-partisan fashion. Regret-tably that was not the process followed by the Republican Majority. They crafted the legisla-tion before us today on their own and with no hearings, no expert testimony, no Committee markup, and no opportunity to offer amend-ment 
As a result, the legislation before us sets a 
partisan course, and is being used mainly as a vehicle to criticize the President’s foreign policy. The current screening system has been working. This bill does not improve it and could scramble up what is working. The legis-lation would require the FBI to have their own additional and undefined separate screening systems even though they currently fully par-ticipate in the stringent process led by the De-partment of Homeland Security. We created DHS after 9–11 to ensure the most effective 
system that brought all of the resources of the federal government together to combat ter-rorism. It does not seem wise to unwind that without thorough review and consideration. 
The threat of terrorism brings to all of us 
and to communities across our country a sense of insecurity. It is our responsibility in Congress to channel those feelings into effec-tive solutions. The legislation before us fails to do so. This bill would disrupt a screening proc-ess that is working and, in so doing, would yield the moral high ground that our country must hold at all costs if we are to defeat ISIS. We can and must both fight terrorism and help the victims who seek to escape it. 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
strong opposition to the American SAFE Act of 2015 (H.R. 4038). This ill-advised, short-sight-ed, closed-minded bill would immediately block all refugees from Syria and Iraq from re-settling in the U.S. and make the process for entry significantly more challenging for those seeking refuge here. 
Today, we are seeing the greatest number 
of refugees and displaced persons since World War II. That fact alone is startling and disheartening. 
People do not uproot their lives and flee 
their homeland unless it is for the most dire reasons. Who would choose to expose their 
children to months of traveling on foot, with only the shirt on their back? The families flee-ing from the violence in Syria are the most vulnerable in the world. The majority of the refugees are children and women who are fleeing from their terror, sexual violence, and destruction. 
History will remember this moment: when 
our nation decides whether we will turn the most vulnerable away from our shores, or if we will stand with humanity, be inclusive, and protect those who need our help the most. 
Mr. Speaker, I firmly oppose the American 
SAFE Act of 2015; it will only compromise our moral standing in the world, as well as our na-tional security and safety. 
Our Constitution is never tested during 
times of tranquility; it is during times of ten-sion, turmoil, tragedy, trauma, and terrorism that it is sorely tested. We must not allow our anger and outrage toward ISIL terrorists and their cowardly attacks on civilians to turn us away from compassion and generosity. We must not shut our doors—not to the Syrian ref-ugees, or to anyone. We need to find ways to help them find safe haven from the perpetra-tors of these acts of violence. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak in opposition to H.R. 4038, the ‘‘American Security Against Enemies Act of 2015’’ (America SAFE Act). 
This is the latest attempt to attack the Presi-
dent. 
It is cheap and unworthy of this august body 
to engage in politics when our aim should be lofty and thoughtful policy. 
President Obama has accomplished tremen-
dous successes in restoring our nation’s lead-ership and integrity around the world following the disasters of the previous administration. 
He inherited 2 wars including the Iraq war, 
an unprovoked and unjustified invasion, which today is a strong contributing force to the situ-ation that exists in Iraq and Syria. 
The President has led where others have 
only talked—he has used soft power in an im-pressive and masterful way that thwarted Rus-sia in its ambitions, and to bring Iran to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.047 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8396 November 19, 2015 
negotiation table resulting in the curbing of 
that nation’s nuclear weapon ambition. 
Now the President’s work to make sure that 
United States remains a leader in the global community by meeting the obligation to re-ceive refugees from Syria and Iraq. 
This bill is doing damage to our national in-
terest. 
The American SAFE Act requires a FBI 
background check for every refugee from Iraq and Syria who apply for asylum in the United States. 
In addition, H.R. 4038 provides that no ref-
ugee from Iraq or Syria can be granted asy-lum in the United States unless the Director of the FBI, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence each make an independent determination and concur unanimously that the applicant for asylum poses no threat to the national security of the United States. 
I understand that the proponents of H.R. 
4038 are responding to the legitimate appre-hensions of many Americans shocked by the horror and carnage of the terrorist attacks that occurred last Friday, November 13, 2015, in Paris. 
Mr. Speaker, this nation stands in unyielding 
solidarity with the people of France, which like the United States, is one of the most wel-coming and freedom loving nations in the world. 
Right now, our prayers are with the victims 
of the terrorist attacks and their families. 
Every American can empathize with the 
people of France because we remember the terrible and heart-breaking events of Sep-tember 11, 2001, the first and worst attack by an enemy on American soil since Pearl Harbor and which took the lives of more than 3,000 innocent persons. 
On that day Americans of all races, reli-
gions, and creeds, in every region of the coun-try were united in their shock and sadness and anger. 
But we were united in our resolve to help 
each other, to defend our homeland, and bring to justice those responsible, and only those re-sponsible, for their crime against humanity. 
In the 14 years since that heart-wrenching 
day, our nation has learned much from our ini-tial responses to the attacks of September 11; we have a much better idea today of what types of actions work, which do not, which go too far. 
And the best way to honor those who lost 
or gave their lives on September 11, and to the victims of terrorism in France and other peace loving societies, is to apply the knowl-edge and wisdom we have gained from expe-rience to meet the challenges and threats the civilized world faces today from radical jihadists. 
Last September, the Homeland Security 
Committee, which I have served on since its inception, held a hearing at Ground Zero dur-ing the week marking the 14th Anniversary of the September 11. 
Homeland Security Committee Chairman 
M
CCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMPSON and Ju-
diciary Committee Subcommittee on Immigra-tion Ranking Member L
OFGREN are dedicated 
public servants whose actions are always mo-tivated by their commitment to keep our nation safe and secure. It is safe to say that this motivation is 
shared by every Member of this House. 
But that we all agree on the end to be 
achieved does not mean that we always agree on the means that should be employed. 
Mr. Speaker, this is one of those occasions 
because while I yield to no one in my commit-ment to protecting the homeland and keeping the American people safe, I cannot agree that H.R. 4038 achieves that goal or is in the best interests of the United States. 
On March 4, 1933, President Franklin Dela-
no Roosevelt assured the nation in his Inau-gural Address that ‘‘the only thing we have to fear is fear itself—nameless, unreasoning, un-justified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.’’ 
I would not oppose this bill if I believed that 
it was needed. 
This is not to say that the actions H.R. 4038 
requires should never be taken; only that they are not needed at this time and employing them would not be an exercise of American leadership but of fear and retreat. 
Our nation is better than that. But it is good that we are debating H.R. 
4038 because it provides us another oppor-tunity to remember who we are, what we be-lieve, and what makes our nation exceptional. 
ISIS/ISIL aspires to bring about a bi-polar 
world, one divided between those Muslims who share their distorted and profaned inter-pretation of one of the world’s great religions on the one hand, and everyone else on the other. 
We in the United States seek a peaceful 
world in which every person on earth is free to worship in peace, live in freedom, and enjoy the blessings of liberty. 
In other words, like the French, we believe 
in ‘‘liberte ´, e´galite´, fraternite ´’’ (liberty, equality, 
and fraternity). 
ISIS/ISIL would have none of this—the 
world they want is one where murder can be justified because you do not believe as they would have you believe or live as they would have you live. 
Women and children, religious minorities— 
including other Muslim beliefs that differ from their views, have suffered under ISIS/ISIL’s reign of terror. 
The reign of terror unleashed by ISIS/ISIL is 
the source of refugees who are fleeing from something so all-consuming and destructive that they leave with nothing but their children in their arms and the clothes on their bodies. 
Before September 11, few Americans could 
imagine that kind of terror. 
Our allies in Europe understand that kind of 
terror—from the stories of those who sought refuge from the Nazis prior to and during World War II and after the war when escaping the totalitarian states of the Soviet-dominated Warsaw Pact. 
Fear of the stranger has always existed, but 
civilization and institutions ease that fear by providing law and order to people to assure protection from want; violence; and war by ex-pending resources to address conditions that would result in those societal destabilizing in-fluences. 
Each nation decides where it stands on 
principle, law, and conscience. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4038 is not necessary at 
this time because our nation already has in place the world’s most rigorous screening 
process for refugees seeking asylum. 
Mr. Speaker, there are other alternatives to 
the draconian approach of H.R. 4038, takes such as the bill introduced by Ranking Mem-bers T
HOMPSON and L OFGREN . 
The President is another solution for those 
who seek reassurance that every precaution is being taken—he is in a position to certify to the Congress and the American people that the process is prudent and careful in its ac-tions regarding refugees seeking entrance into the United States. 
It is helpful to recount briefly the critical ele-
ments of that screening process. 
Every applicant for asylum must: 1. register with the United Nations High 
Commissioner for Refugees; 
2. provide background information, including 
what caused him or her to flee their home country (a ready means of comparing informa-tion provided by more than one million refu-gees to further verify the validity of the infor-mation provided); 
3. meet one of five legal qualifications: 
threat of violence based on race, religion or faith or national origin; political beliefs; or membership in a targeted social group. 
4. undergo a rigorous background check 
during which investigators fact-check the refu-gee’s biography to ensure consistency with published or documented reports of events such as bombings or other violence; 
5. be subjected to biometric tests conducted 
by the Department of Defense, in conjunction with other federal agencies (the U.S. military has an extensive biometric data base on Iraqis from its time in Iraq); and 
6. sit for intensive in-person interviews, 
which may take months or years before they are conducted. 
Mr. Speaker, over the past several years in-
telligence and law enforcement agencies have established and perfected an intense form of screening for Syrians called the ‘‘Syrian En-hanced Review.’’ 
If, during the screening process, a person 
from Syria gives response that raise red flags he or she is selected for more intense exam-ination by U.S. intelligence agencies. 
The demographic breakdown of those Syr-
ians who have been approved for refugee sta-tus to come to the United States is as follows: children, 50%; persons over the age of 60, 25%; combat age males, 2%. 
Mr. Speaker, we must be careful not to en-
gage in ethnic or religious profiling. 
Unless someone has been profiled it may 
be difficult to understand what collective guilt looks, or worse, feels like when it is heaped upon members of a group—no matter their age or their condition. 
Here in America we have learned through 
bitter experience that it is morally and politi-cally wrong to regard an entire group of peo-ple as unworthy of compassion, regard, con-cern, or consideration because of their race or religion or ethnicity. 
As I stated at the outset, I do not question 
the motives of those who prevailed upon the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.056 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8397 November 19, 2015 
House leadership to rush this bill to the floor 
for a vote today. 
H.R. 4038 was introduced on Tuesday, No-
vember 17, and is on the floor for a vote less than 48 hours later, Thursday, November 19. 
This is fast—too fast for such a serious de-
cision and without considering the arduous process that is in place to screen all refugees not just those from Iraq and Syria. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4038 only addresses the 
refugee process for those who are Iraqi and Syrian. 
In its own way, it acknowledges that the 
process in place to vet refugees is difficult so much so that no terrorist would choose it as a means to enter the United States. 
Unlike Europe where people from the Syrian 
and Iraqi conflict could walk by land to Europe by the tens of thousands, the United States is not accessible by foot. 
We will not take any refugees who are now 
in Europe. 
Our nation welcomes millions of tourist, 
business travelers, and students from around the world at our airports and seaports each day. 
The United States Refugee Asylum process 
is not comfortable and it takes at a minimum 2 years. 
The persons who apply must remain where 
they have registered until the process is com-pleted, which involves a series of in person interviews, physical health status checks, col-lection of biometrics and other data as well as investigations by law enforcement and intel-ligence agencies. 
The last thing a terrorist would want is to be 
a refugee—living in the harsh environment of a refugee camp for two years. 
Refugees are the victims of terrorists—ISIS/ 
ISIL does not love them—they want to murder every last one of them, because they will not bow to them. 
We should be stirred by the defiance and 
courage that refugees exemplify—braving the unknown because they yearn to breathe free. 
In truth ISIS/ISIL has killed more Muslims 
than any other group of persons because they practice their faith as they see fit and refuse to worship falsely. 
This bill troubles me because it asks the im-
possible of professional law enforcement, na-tional security, and intelligence agency per-sonnel—by requiring a l00% guarantee that each person poses no threat. 
No professional security or law enforcement 
professional will give anyone a 100% guar-antee about anything. 
They will not provide a l00% guarantee be-
cause they believe that something or someone is a threat—they will not provide a guarantee because it is grossly unprofessional to do so and we should never ask them to do this. 
On its face H.R. 4038 would end any hope 
of asylum in the United States for any refugee from Iraq or Syria. 
If this is what the leadership wants then 
they should say it plainly and have a debate about profiling as a national policy. 
I cannot support this bill, but I am committed 
to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find common ground. 
THE SCREENING PROCESS FOR ENTRY TO THE  
UNITED STATES FOR SYRIAN REFUGEES  
Applicants register with the U.N. High 
Commissioner for Refugees, or UNHCR, which collects identifying documents; biodata, such as name, date of birth, and place of birth; and biometrics, most com-
monly an iris scan. 
UNHCR interviews applicants to confirm 
refugee status and the need for resettlement. Biodata, biometrics, and identifying docu-ments are checked again. 
Applicants fulfill criteria to be considered 
a refugee under U.S. law and processing pri-ority qualifications. 
Applicants meet UNHCR resettlement re-
quirements and are referred to the United States for resettlement. 
Applicants are received and interviewed by 
a Resettlement Support Center, or RSC, op-erated by the U.S. Department of State’s Bu-reau of Population, Refugees, and Migration. The RSC compiles information for the secu-rity clearance process conducted by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, or DHS. 
Biographic and biometric checks: Refugee 
applicants are vetted against law enforce-ment, intelligence community, and other relevant databases to help confirm the appli-cants’ identity and check for any criminal or other derogatory information. 
First biographic check: Applicants are 
checked against the U.S. State Department’s Consular Lookout and Support System, ini-tiated at the time of prescreening by the RSC. Enhanced interagency security checks also take place at this time. 
Second biographic check: If applicants 
meet certain criteria, the RSC requests Se-curity Advisory Opinions from the law en-forcement and intelligence communities. 
Third biographic check: If applicants are 
within a designated age range, the National Counterterrorism Center conducts an inter-agency check, or IAC. Initially, the IAC was required only for Iraqi applicants but is now required for all qualified refugee applicants. 
First biometric check: Applicants’ finger-
prints and photographs are taken by a trained U.S. government employee. Finger-prints are screened against the FBI’s Next Generation Identification system. 
Second biometric check: Applicants’ fin-
gerprints are screened against the DHS Automated Biometric Identification System, which contains watch-list information and previous immigration encounters in the United States and overseas. 
Third biometric check: If applicants are 
within a designated age range, fingerprints are screened against the U.S. Department of Defense Automated Biometric Identification System, which includes fingerprint records captured in Iraq. 
Syrian refugee applications are reviewed 
at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, or USCIS, headquarters by a Refugee Affairs Division officer. 
Applicants that meet certain criteria are 
referred to the USCIS Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate for additional review and research that is used by the interviewing officer to inform lines of in-quiry related to applicants’ eligibility and credibility. 
USCIS interviews applicants in person 
while abroad to determine whether or not they can be approved for resettlement to the United States. 
USCIS approves applicants for resettle-
ment in the United States. 
Applicants undergo health screening to en-
sure that those with a contagious disease do not enter the United States. 
Applicants complete cultural orientation 
classes. 
Applicants are matched with a U.S.-based 
resettlement agency, a process called spon-sorship assurance. 
Applicants under a second interagency se-
curity check to make sure no new informa-tion disqualifies them for admittance to the United States. 
Prior to entry to the United States, appli-
cants are subject to screening from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National 
Targeting Center Passenger and the Trans-portation Security Administration’s Secure Flight program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HOLDING ). All time for debate has ex-
pired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 531, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I am 
opposed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Thompson of Mississippi moves to re-
commit the bill H.R. 4038 to the Committee on Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
Strike all that follows after the enacting 
clause and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secure Ref-
ugee Process Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SUPPLEMENTAL LIMITATIONS ON ADMIS-
SION OF REFUGEES. 
(a) I DENTITY VERIFICATION REQUIRED .—No 
refugee applicant of special interest shall be admitted as a refugee, until the refugee ap-plicant of special interest has satisfactorily established his or her identity pursuant to procedures established by the Secretary of Homeland Security, which shall address any insufficient, conflicting, or unreliable infor-mation, including biographic and biometric data that has not been resolved at the time of admission. 
(b) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF REFUGEES  
TOIDENTIFY SECURITY THREATS TO THE  
UNITED STATES .—No refugee applicant of spe-
cial interest shall be admitted as a refugee, if, by the time of admission, the identity of the refugee applicant of special interest’s identity has not been checked against all rel-evant records or databases maintained by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the At-torney General (including the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation), the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and other Federal records or databases that the Secretary of Homeland Security considers necessary, to determine any national security, criminal, or other grounds on which the refugee appli-cant of special interest may be inadmissible to the United States. 
(c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—A refugee ap-
plicant of special interest may only be ad-mitted to the United States as a refugee after the Secretary of Homeland Security certifies that all provisions of this Act have been complied with and that the refugee ap-plicant of special interest has not been firm-ly resettled in a safe third country as de-scribed in section 208(b)(2)(A)(vi) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act. 
(d) M
ONTHLY REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the appropriate Congressional Com-mittees a monthly report on, for the month preceding the date of the report, the total 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.058 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8398 November 19, 2015 
number of refugee applicants of special in-
terest and the number of refugee applicants of special interest whose applications were denied. 
(e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—The In-
spector General of the Department of Home-land Security shall conduct an annual risk- based review of a statistically valid sampling of certifications and provide an annual re-port detailing its findings to the appropriate Congressional Committees. 
(f) D
EFINITION .—In this Act: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate Congressional 
Committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(F) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(G) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives; 
(H) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
(I) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(J) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(K) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(L) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘refugee applicant of special 
interest’’ means any alien applying for ad-mission to the United States as a refugee who— 
(A) is a national or resident of Iraq or 
Syria; 
(B) has no nationality and whose last ha-
bitual residence was in Iraq or Syria; or 
(C) has been present in Iraq or Syria at any 
time on or after March 1, 2011. 
Mr. GOWDY (during the reading). Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (dur-
ing the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Mississippi is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopt-ed, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
Mr. Speaker, my motion to recommit 
will do several things: 
The first thing it will do is require 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to verify the identity of refugee appli-cants. Any application that contains insufficient, conflicting, or unreliable information would be denied. 
The second point of my motion to re-
commit is that this motion will require at least five Federal agencies—the De-partment of Homeland Security, the 
Attorney General and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Di-rector of National Intelligence—all to-gether to check refugee applicants against their records. Any application that indicates a national security or criminal threat would be denied. 
In addition, Mr. Speaker, my motion 
would also require that the Secretary of Homeland Security would certify that all relevant Federal immigration laws have been complied with and that the applicant has not been resettled in a safe third-party country, and has the Department of Homeland Security in-spector general’s review as a sample of the certifications. 
Fourthly, Mr. Speaker, my motion to 
recommit would require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security inspector general to submit monthly reports to Congress on refugee applications from Syria and Iraq. The Secure Refugee Process Act of 2015 is a pro-security, pro-compassion bill that would ensure the U.S. continues to maintain the most extensive interagency security screening process in the world to vet all people who seek safe harbor in our great Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, the people we are talk-
ing about in this particular motion really don’t have a country. Many of them have been tortured. The women have been raped. The children, for lack of a better term, are destitute. 
b1315 
We are a Nation of values. My bill 
speaks to those values. 
It does not pause the process. It does 
not create a moratorium on the proc-ess. It adds an additional layer of secu-rity without stopping the refugee pro-gram. 
It is not an immigration bill. It is a 
refugee program. As I said earlier, we had 23,000 individuals apply for status under this particular program who were Iraqi or Syrian citizens. Of that number, 7,000 received interviews. Of that number, around 2,000 were ap-proved. So it takes time. My motion to recommit is a prudent approach to rec-ognizing the values of this country. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I with-
draw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of a point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. GOWDY. I rise in opposition to 
the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, national 
security and public safety are the pre-eminent functions of government. Na-tional security and public safety are not simply factors to be considered in the administration of some broader policy objective. National security and public safety are the ultimate policy objectives. And the safety and security 
of our fellow citizens should be the driving force behind every decision that we make. 
This country, Mr. Speaker, has a 
long, proud, rich history of welcoming those fleeing persecution and liber-ating those suffering under oppression. We are the most welcoming, generous country in the world, having taken in over 3 million refugees since 1975. 
We are generous and compassionate, 
Mr. Speaker, because we are free. And we are free because we are a country rooted in the law and public safety and standards of decency protected by a fundamental commitment to national security. 
The world we currently find our-
selves in, Mr. Speaker, is imperfect— and becoming more imperfect. So, rather than address the underlying pa-thology that results in displaced peo-ple, this administration is focused on the symptoms. 
There are refugees from the Middle 
East and northern Africa because those regions are on fire and riddled with chaos. Our bright lines and policies of containment, smart power, or whatever we call it today, have failed. 
Mr. Speaker, terrorists took the lives 
of over 100 innocent people in France and injured many more because they could. They killed a hundred only be-cause they could not kill a thousand. Their objective is evil for the sake of evil, murder for the sake of murder; wanton and willful violence and pre-meditated depravity calculated to take innocent lives. 
The terrorists have been very open 
about their present and future objec-tives. We should, therefore, be equally clear about our objectives. 
Administration officials responsible 
for national security and public safety, Mr. Speaker, have repeatedly warned us they cannot vet failed nation-states. They cannot do background investiga-tions where there is no database. 
ISIS will use any means available to 
harm us. What this administration needs to tell the American people, Mr. Speaker, is how much risk is accept-able. Given the consequences of recon-ciling the risk wrongly, how much risk is this administration willing to take? 
When it comes to public safety, we 
have to be successful all of the time. And those who seek to do us harm have to be successful just once. So how much risk are you willing to take with your own safety? How much risk are you willing to take with the safety of those you swore an oath to represent? Have you done everything in your power to mitigate that risk? Have you done everything in your power to ex-plore alternatives other than resettle-ment here? 
Mr. Speaker, every decision we make 
as elected officials should be with the safety and security of our fellow citi-zens as the preeminent objective. Un-less and until those in charge of secu-rity and public safety can provide as-surances, the aid we render to those in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.017 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8399 November 19, 2015 
need should be rendered where they 
are. 
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, let me 
say this. The President is the Com-mander in Chief. He should help us make this, our home, safer. He should help us make the homeland of the refu-gees safer. He should restore order to the region. That would be the very best and most humane thing we could all do: provide a better, safer life for those who aspire for one where they are. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose the motion to 
recommit and support the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 180, nays 244, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 642] 
YEAS—180 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Yarmuth 
NAYS—244 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer 
Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
DeFazio 
Ellison Hinojosa Ruppersberger 
Takai Watson Coleman Westmoreland 
Williams Wilson (FL) 
b1345 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. EDWARDS, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, 
Ms. GABBARD, Messrs. CROWLEY, HONDA, and LARSEN of Washington changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
G
RAVES of Louisiana). The question is 
on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speak-
er, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 289, noes 137, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 643] 
AYES—289 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.046 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8400 November 19, 2015 
Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—137 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kirkpatrick Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Neal O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
DeFazio 
Ellison Hinojosa Ruppersberger 
Takai Watson Coleman Westmoreland 
Williams 
b1355 
Mr. RUSSELL changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
was, unfortunately, unable to vote today due to a personal matter. Had I been present I would have voted the following ways: rollcall 641—H.R. 3189, the FORM Act of 2015— ‘‘nay;’’ rollcall 643—H.R. 4038, the American SAFE Act of 2015—‘‘nay.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, No-
vember 19, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not re-corded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative busi-ness. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘no’’ on rollcall 638, the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the American SAFE Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 639, 
providing for consideration of the American SAFE Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 640, the 
Democratic Motion to Recommit the FORM Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 641, the 
FORM Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 642, the 
Democratic Motion to Recommit the American SAFE Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 643, the 
American SAFE Act of 2015. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not able to vote today for medical reasons. 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 638, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 639, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 640, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 641, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 642, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 643, I 
would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amend-ment a bill and a concurrent resolution of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 3996. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
H. C
ON. RES. 93. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chair of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to Section 
8002 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in order to fill the House majority vacancy on the Joint Committee on Taxation created by your resignation from the Committee, Mr. Devin Nunes has been designated to serve on the Committee. Thus, those serving on the Joint Committee on Taxation for the House are: Kevin Brady, Sam Johnson, Devin Nunes, Sander Levin and Charles Rangel. 
Sincerely, 
K
EVIN BRADY , 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
NATIONAL RURAL HEALTH DAY 
(Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor the fifth an-nual National Rural Health Day. The third Thursday in November is set aside each year by the National Orga-nization of State Offices of Rural Health to recognize the unique healthcare needs of and challenges fac-ing rural Americans and their commu-nities. 
These challenges include fewer 
healthcare providers and longer travel distances. The hospitals serving rural communities continue to be burdened by arbitrary regulations such as physi-cian supervision regulations as well as the 96-hour certification rules which we certainly need to address. 
Mr. Speaker, this year, rural con-
sumers in 12 States also face the chal-lenge of finding a new insurance plan because the so-called Consumer Ori-ented and Operated Plan, or CO-OP, created by ObamaCare, from which they purchase coverage, has failed. This includes 120,000 Nebraskans and Iowans who bought coverage through CoOportunity Health. 
Mr. Speaker, consumers and tax-
payers deserve to know what went wrong with the CO-OPs and whether the $2.4 billion in Federal loans to this failing program will be repaid. I will continue to fight for these answers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.019 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8401 November 19, 2015 
b1400 
REMEMBERING DR. KEVIN 
MURPHY 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to remember Dr. Kevin Murphy, who passed away at his home in Port St. Joe, Florida, on Thursday, Novem-ber 5, at the age of 71. 
Throughout his decades in medicine, 
Dr. Murphy built up an incredibly long list of accomplishments, from starting a heart surgery program in Indiana, to visiting impoverished and isolated vil-lages across the world to provide care. 
In 2002, Dr. Murphy moved to north 
Florida, where he became medical di-rector for the Gulf County Health Cen-ter. He worked there for more than a decade and became well known as a passionate health provider and advo-cate for equal access to quality care. 
As the proud great-granddaughter of 
one of north Florida’s first country doctors, I have a special place in my heart for physicians like Dr. Murphy. The amazing care he provided for his community ensures he will always be loved and remembered in north Flor-ida. 
f 
HONORING DR. MILTON PITTS 
CRENCHAW 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor one of Arkansas’ finest sons, Dr. Milton Pitts Crenchaw, who passed away on November 17, 2015, at the age of 96. 
Born in Little Rock, Arkansas, Dr. 
Crenchaw became known as the ‘‘father of Black aviation in Arkansas.’’ Dr. Crenchaw was one of the original su-pervising squadron commanders pro-viding training and instruction under the Civilian Pilot Training Program for the Tuskegee Airmen during World War II. 
Dr. Crenchaw served his country for 
more than 40 years of Federal service with the U.S. Army Air Corps and the U.S. Air Force. Later in life, Dr. Crenchaw’s advocacy on the part of veterans and his fellow Tuskegee Air-men was relentless. In 2007, Dr. Crenchaw, along with the other mem-bers of the Tuskegee Airmen, were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal. 
His courageous service and sacrifice 
to his country is an example all Ameri-cans and Arkansans can admire and will remember Dr. Crenchaw forever. 
f 
INSTITUTE FOR ECONOMICS AND 
PEACE 
(Mr. RICHMOND asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to, of course, extend my heart-felt condolences to the victims of ter-
rorism in Paris. But what I also want to do, because I take my membership in this august body seriously, is to make sure that we are not fostering the perception that Black lives don’t matter. 
If we look at the Global Terrorism 
Index, published by the Institute for Economics and Peace, we would see that Boko Haram has killed 6,644 peo-ple last year; 77 percent of them who were private citizens. On the other hand, ISIL has killed 6,073; 44 percent of them were private citizens. 
I just want to take a moment and 
highlight over the last 2 months the terrorism that has been going on in Ni-geria, Cameroon, and Chad. Just this Wednesday, 15 people were killed at a mobile phone market with a bombing; 34 people were killed with a bombing at a fruit and vegetable market; 4 people were bombed at a mosque; and 3 people were bombed at a mosque on November 9. And in October, more of the same. October 23, 11 people were bombed at a mosque; and October 14, 42 people killed at a mosque. 
Mr. Speaker, I say this to just high-
light the fact that terrorism is plagu-ing communities all across this world. We should make sure that we, as the United States Congress, highlight all of those communities and express our condolences and seek to create peace all around this country. 
f 
THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION 
MUST BE THE NUMBER ONE PRI-ORITY 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, the 
recent terrorist attack in Paris is a terrible tragedy. Our prayers go out to the victims and their families. 
These heinous crimes and attacks are 
a reminder of the great threats that are facing the United States and our allies. We must stand strong with our international partners to eradicate this evil. 
Here at home, we must ramp up 
measures to keep the American people safe. That means halting the admit-tance of Syrian and Iraqi refugees until we are sure the vetting is airtight. And, right now, it is not. 
The President’s own security advis-
ers have reinforced this fact. Yet he is moving full steam ahead with his plan to admit 10,000 refugees over the next year. This is irresponsible. 
Our Nation has the greatest and most 
generous refugee policy in the world, but we cannot allow terrorists to ex-ploit our compassion. The safety of the American people must be our number one priority. 
f 
TERRORISM IS PLAGUING US ALL 
OVER THE WORLD 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to associate myself with the re-marks made by the gentleman from Louisiana. Terrorism is plaguing us, not only in Europe—we are concerned about, naturally, our country, the United States of America, keeping it safe—but it is happening all over the world, in Europe, and in Africa. That is the reason the notion of Black lives matter has been raised. 
The African people are suffering from 
Boko Haram, which has aligned itself with ISIL as well. If we are going to fight terrorism in one place, we need to make sure we fight it everywhere. 
And let me just say, Mr. Speaker, 
that I am very concerned about the vote that was just taken today in terms of Syrian refugees. We were asked to have a pause. Well, if you don’t feel that 18 to 24 months is a pause in getting into this country, passing a 13- to 14-mark checklist, by the time a 5-year-old gets into this country, he is 7. 
I think that the bill that was just 
voted on was flawed and miscued. We have a system in place that gives enough time and ample time to make sure that these people seeking asylum have the right to come here, as we have done throughout the history of this Na-tion. 
f 
SHIFT FOCUS OFF THE HOUSE 
AND BACK TO THE PRESIDENT 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today because I am deeply concerned about the future of American leadership abroad. 
For nearly 5 years, this administra-
tion has defended a containment strat-egy, even as ISIS rapidly escalates. 
As Paris tragically demonstrates, 
containment as a strategy is as ineffec-tive as it is morally bankrupt. It al-lowed for the development of the world’s largest humanitarian disaster since 2002, while placing us and our al-lies at grave risk. 
This refugee crisis is a direct re-
sponse to Assad’s mass atrocities against Syrians, civilians, and the as-sociated expansion of ISIS. 
I call on the President to choose and 
execute a broader strategy that de-stroys ISIS, stops Assad’s reign of ter-ror, and allows refugees to return home and rebuild their lives. 
It is time for real commitment and 
real courage. The American people and the world are waiting. 
f 
WE ALL HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY 
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this is a long list of the vetting process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.053 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8402 November 19, 2015 
that desperate refugees who happen to 
come from camps in Jordan and Leb-anon—and who happen to be Syrian— go through. It is more than 21. In fact, the last one says: Prior to entry to the United States, applicants are subject to screening again from the U.S. Cus-toms and Border Patrol. Applicants un-dergo, in No. 20, a second interagency security check. That is after 19 other security checks. 
I want to thank Lutheran Services, 
Catholic Charities, and Interfaith Min-istries for recognizing the importance of the face of America to be a refuge for those who are worn and desperate. 
I want to join my colleagues to say 
that we all have a responsibility for na-tional security. I hope the Senate will engage in vigorous debate, that the President will announce to the world that we are fighting ISIS. We are join-ing allies and taking it to the fight, but we must do other things besides de-nying and stopping innocent refugees from coming in, a small, small number: Secure our airports; ensure that the back side of the airport is secure; make sure that no foreign fighter is able to come into the United States, and I have introduced legislation for this. We are not for not protecting. We are for protecting, but we must do it in a way that America has been able to stand up and be respectful or recognizing, of course, all of those who come and struggle. 
Mr. Speaker, Happy Thanksgiving. I 
know we are a great country, and I know they know that we are. 
f 
RECOGNIZING UKRAINE 
(Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to welcome to Washington the deputy chief of staff to President Poroshenko of the Ukraine, General Andriy Taranov, who has joined us today in this hall in our gallery, and is accom-panied by the Ukrainian Ambassador to the United States, Valeriy Chaly. 
Ambassador Chaly was with me in 
Los Angeles last weekend where he was there for the commemoration in re-membrance of the catastrophic Holodomor disaster and atrocity of 1932–1933, in which Stalin killed mil-lions of Ukrainians. But Stalin failed in his ultimate goal. An independent Ukraine today stands in resistance to aggregation from Moscow. 
I would also like to recognize in our 
gallery, a Ukrainian-American inno-vator, Igor Pasternak. His company, Aeros, is the first American firm to provide the Ukrainian Government with the military equipment necessary to defend its sovereignty. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues 
and the administration to redouble their efforts to help Ukraine protect its sovereignty by providing Ukraine with the necessary assistance to protect her freedom. The United States stands with the 
people and government of Ukraine as they resist aggression once again now in the 21st century. 
If you free Ukraine and it maintains 
its territorial integrity, it is in Amer-ica’s interest. It is, therefore, impera-tive that Ukraine has a strong and se-cure border. 
That is why I am pleased to be joined 
by our guests here today and look for-ward to working with the Ukrainian Government to preserve Ukrainian freedom and am proud that it is a com-pany from Los Angeles that is the first and, unfortunately, as of yet, the only company to provide the Ukrainian Government with the military equip-ment it needs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN ). The Chair will remind 
Members that the rules do not allow references to occupants of the gallery. 
f 
b1415 
PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURN-
MENT OR RECESS OF THE TWO HOUSES 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged concurrent resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the concurrent reso-
lution, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 95 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That when the House ad-
journs on any legislative day from Thursday, November 19, 2015, through Wednesday, No-vember 25, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m. on Monday, November 30, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first; and that when the Senate recesses or adjourns on any day from Thursday, November 19, 2015, through Tues-day, November 24, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand re-cessed or adjourned until noon on Monday, November 30, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to re-cess or adjourn, or until the time of any re-assembly pursuant to section 3 of this con-current resolution, whichever occurs first. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 3. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-
ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the 
Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 5 p.m. on Friday, November 20, 2015, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 95, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. 
f 
THE YEAR IN REVIEW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
LOUISIANA NATIONAL GUARD  
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, 3 years ago, the Louisiana Air National Guard began to turn around. After coming in 38th in the Nation at the end of September 2012 with a 98.4 percent strength, in 2013, the Louisiana Air National Guard moved up to 20th, and, last year, it ranked 15th. 
The Louisiana Army National 
Guard’s fiscal year 2015 end strength goal of 9,554 soldiers was surpassed with a total of 9,650 soldiers, or 101.2 percent. The Air National Guard sur-passed its 2015 end strength goal of 1,390 airmen with 1,496 airmen, or 107 percent of its goal. 
Strong numbers directly relate to 
our ability to respond to our State and Nation. Great leadership under Major General Glenn Curtis has put a priority on personal readiness. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you that I have worked very closely with General Curtis over the years, and he is an incredible man who has garnered incredible respect from the men and women of the Louisiana National Guard. 
Here are a few other statistics for 
your information: 
The National Guard end strength at 
9,652 is 101 percent, or fourth, in the Nation. The Air National Guard end strength is 1,496, which is 108 percent, or fifth, in the Nation. The Army Na-tional Guard retention rate is 80 per-cent, which constitutes first in the Na-tion. The Air National Guard retention rate is 82 percent, which puts them in the top 10. The medical readiness rate is 89 percent. The 256th IBCT ranked number 1 of 28 IBCTs. The Army Com-munity of Excellence program placed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.054 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8403 November 19, 2015 
in the top 4 of 38, and it received a site 
visit to determine the top three spots. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the 
men and women of the Louisiana Na-tional Guard for their perseverance, for their strength, and for their contribu-tion to the State of Louisiana and to the United States of America. 
SYRIA  
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, the United States military began active engagement in Syria back in September of 2014 when the United States-led coalition began its ongoing airstrike campaign, along with Bah-rain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE. During this period, the Pen-tagon also administered a $500 million program to train and equip moderate Syrian opposition forces to target ISIS. This effort failed to train many sol-diers or to yield the desired results; so the administration scrapped the effort. 
The wide range of state and nonstate 
actors in Syria has created one of the most geopolitically complex conflicts in recent memory. This highlights the urgency and the necessity for a clear strategy in Syria: What is the United States’ end game? A definition of what success means in Syria. A strong com-mitment to eliminating any and all threats that ISIS poses to the United States, its allies, or a shift away from the conflict. 
I believe this administration has 
been incredibly vague about all of those, and I have repeatedly reached out to the White House on this topic, and I will continue to call on the Presi-dent to articulate a clear path forward in Syria. 
Before the United States risks any 
American lives and resources, the ad-ministration, the State Department, and the Department of Defense should provide clarity on U.S. objectives and on how the ongoing use of military force fits into a comprehensive strat-egy for success in the region. Success needs to be defined, but I would suggest defining success as the neutralization of all direct threats ISIS poses to America and our national security. 
We need to clarify the U.S. strategy 
in Syria now, and I hope to work with the administration and with other Members of Congress toward getting us on the right path. Well before this Syr-ian refugee issue became a hot-button issue, I joined together with Members on the other side of the aisle in bipar-tisan efforts to reach out to the De-partment of Defense, to reach out to the administration in order to express these very concerns. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. It is our 
failed policy in Syria that has created this predicament of refugees. If we had a clear strategy—a definitive strat-egy—if we had clear objectives, if we were aggressive in achieving those ob-jectives, of eliminating and of neutral-izing ISIS, of creating a new govern-ment structure there to fill the void created by our removing and helping to remove with the international commu-nity the Assad regime, we wouldn’t have refugees. We would have stability 
in Syria. We would have a place for people to live, and there would not be this refugee situation where tens of thousands of folks are being displaced into the United States and other areas, where we have this threat to our na-tional security and the inability to vet these refugees before they come into the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, as reports have indi-
cated in recent days—and I want to be clear that this isn’t from any classified setting. This is a place where you, ap-parently, get real information—the Drudge Report. There are reports right now of folks with fake Syrian passports who are being questioned in Honduras and in Costa Rica. There are reports of Afghan and Iraqi refugees from years ago in Kentucky and in other areas who have been involved in efforts to at-tack the United States. I will say that again. There are refugees from other countries—from Middle Eastern na-tions of Iraq and elsewhere—who were previously brought to the United States and who had, apparently, not gone through a sufficient vetting proc-ess who were caught trying to attack the United States, according to reports that are out there now. There are re-ports of folks from the Middle East who are trying to illegally cross over and come into Arizona and Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, this is clearly a sys-
temic failure—the inability to place refugees, to secure our borders, to se-cure our Nation. This isn’t a partisan issue. We should not be sacrificing the security of Americans. There are ways in which we can be good community citizens, good world leaders, and allow for refugees to come here or, better yet, to stabilize, to help work with the international community to stabilize their own countries. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to continue to 
work with other Members of Congress, including with our Louisiana delega-tion. Just this week, Senator V
ITTER  
introduced legislation to address the refugee problem to ensure that we are not threatening Americans’ security, to ensure that we are not sacrificing the safety and security of Americans in exchange for those from Syria. To-gether, with Congressman B
OUSTANY , 
Congressman A BRAHAM , and Congress-
man F LEMING , we introduced com-
panion legislation in the House of Rep-resentatives to ensure that that hap-pens. 
I want to be clear again, Mr. Speak-
er. This is not some jumping to the hot issue of the day. Before this issue be-came a crisis and was in the news, we joined together with Congressman B
ABIN and others to ensure America’s 
safety, to ensure that we were properly vetting these refugees before they came to the United States, and to un-derstand the implications to tax-payers—the cost of having these folks here in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of the 
strong bipartisan vote that just oc-curred here in this body, but we need to continue to work together in a bi-
partisan fashion. This is not a partisan issue. Terrorism affects every Amer-ican, and we need to continue to be very aggressive and not allow this to degrade into partisanship. This is about the safety and security of the United States. 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund was first authorized in 1965. There was some type of compromise that was reached at that time whereby this proliferation of offshore energy production would occur. At the same time, there was a concern that those activities could threaten the environ-ment; so there was a negotiation reached whereby the first $900 million of offshore energy revenues from oil and gas production would be com-mitted to the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. 
The idea was that half of those dol-
lars would be used to go toward the ac-quisition of Federal lands for the pur-pose of creating or growing national parks or wildlife refuges, BLM land, and national forests. Half of the funds would be authorized to go to stateside grant programs for similar types of ac-tivities in order to increase rec-reational opportunities, State wildlife refuges, and State parks for citizens in the United States. That stateside pro-gram is a match of 50–50. The States have to put up half of the money. 
Mr. Speaker, I would call the Land 
and Water Conservation Fund and its objectives a laudable goal to preserve these recreational and conservation ac-tivities for Americans. Certainly, as this Nation’s population grows, we are going to continue to develop areas. So, for these areas that are especially sen-sitive, productive, and beautiful, let’s ensure that we create those opportuni-ties and retain those opportunities for recreation for Americans for genera-tions to come. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund expired for the first time in its history. This program is no longer an authorized program, and there have been folks on both sides of the aisle who have been working to help to reau-thorize the program. 
b1430 
I will say it again, Mr. Speaker. I 
think it is a laudable goal. However, 50 years have passed. I think, with 50 years of history of this program, it is appropriate to go back and revisit the lessons learned. 
I am from Louisiana. I want to be 
clear. This offshore energy activity that has funded the billions of dollars over the last 50 years in the Land and Water Conservation Fund activities and other things, like the Historic Preservation Fund, is from oil and gas and offshore energy activities occur-ring offshore our coast at home in Lou-isiana. 
Various discussion drafts have been 
proposed to take these funds and cut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.057 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8404 November 19, 2015 
them up and allocate them to different 
programs across the country, to slice up the pie. I think that is great for all these people to go out there and ex-press their dream or vision for how all these things happen. 
However, I would like to bring you 
back to reality. I view this as being our money, and I will tell you why. Right now, when you produce energy on Fed-eral lands in the United States, 50 per-cent of the money generated from those activities go to the States that host the production. 
So let me be clear on this. The States 
of Wyoming and New Mexico together receive over a billion dollars a year with no strings attached whatsoever. An additional 40 percent of the money from those same activities go into the reclamation fund to fund water projects in those same western States. 
So, in effect, 90 percent of the funds 
from energy production on Federal lands goes back to the States that largely host that energy production on Federal lands. Yet, when we go in the offshore, folks take the money and de-cide they are going to divvy it up to all these other States, but not the State where the energy is produced. 
Now here is a reason why I am so 
frustrated by all of these efforts to re-authorize and continue spending this money all over the country in other programs. Mr. Speaker, we have pro-duced nearly $200 billion in revenues for the U.S. Treasury. We have received not the 90 percent that other States have received nor 50 percent. We have received less than a fraction of 1 per-cent back. 
The State of Louisiana passed a con-
stitutional amendment that would dedicate any funds received to go to-ward actually restoring the environ-ment for things like coastal restora-tion. The State of Louisiana has lost over 1,900 square miles of our coastal wetlands. 
Why is it that we are reauthorizing 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund and funding environmental and con-servation efforts in other States, par-ticularly in western States? 
I will acknowledge again it is a laud-
able goal. But why are we doing that before we are addressing environmental issues right there where these activi-ties are occurring and, in many cases, are occurring as a result of historic, several-decades-ago activities that oc-curred in the coastal area related to this OCS production? 
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, as we 
move forward on this, that that needs to be a critical component. That needs to be the priority, is addressing envi-ronmental issues, addressing conserva-tion, right here where this money is de-rived from because the activities sim-ply aren’t sustainable if we don’t ad-dress this. 
I fully support the reauthorization of 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I think it needs to be done in a principled manner that recognizes the lessons learned over the last 50 years and, most importantly, recognizes the 
fact that this area that has generated nearly $200 billion for the United States Treasury has severe environ-mental consequences or severe environ-mental problems right there as a result of the Federal Government’s actions. 
Mr. Speaker, the Deepwater Horizon 
disaster was truly one of the Nation’s worst environmental disasters in our history. That disaster resulted in mil-lions of barrels of oil covering nearly 600 miles of the State of Louisiana’s coast. 
The U.S. Department of the Interior 
appropriately took a look at well con-trol and blowout preventer regulations and guidelines to ensure that a disaster like the Deepwater Horizon disaster and the awful tragedy to the 11 lives that occurred would never occur again. I think it is appropriate to take a look at that. 
The U.S. Department of the Interior 
actually took 4
1⁄2years behind closed 
doors to develop a well control and blowout preventer regulation that was put forth in recent months. It took 4
1⁄2 
years to write this regulation behind closed doors without involvement and without engagement of this multibil-lion-dollar industry. 
Now, the regulation was paired with 
a 30-day comment period. I am going to say that again. They took 4
1⁄2years to 
draft a regulation and they gave 30 days for folks to actually comment on it. 
Of course, being very concerned 
about that and the implications wheth-er the rule was actually going to im-prove safety or be a detriment to safe-ty, we asked that more time be given to comment to allow us to fully under-stand it, to allow the industry to fully understand it, and to allow the envi-ronmental community to fully under-stand it. 
The administration came back and 
gave a 60-day comment period, which is absolutely absurd with the complexity. Keep in mind, Mr. Speaker, it took them 4
1⁄2years to draft it. 
Now, to give you an idea of the dis-
connect here, the U.S. Department of the Interior says that compliance with the rule is going to cost $800 million. A separate analysis that was done inde-pendently says that the cost of compli-ance is going to be in excess of $30 bil-lion, Mr. Speaker. The disconnect there is crystal clear just in the cost esti-mate. 
It is going to have a detrimental ef-
fect on the United States’ national en-ergy security. What this is going to re-sult in is it is going to result in us be-coming more independent on energy sources from around the world. 
Why are we not being energy self-suf-
ficient and utilizing our resources here, promoting jobs here? 
There is a study that I read that 
says, for every dollar in U.S.-produced energy, it has a $3 implication on our economy. For every dollar spent at the pump on foreign energy, it has a 40- cent implication on our Nation’s econ-omy. I think the answer there is crys-
tal clear. We should become energy self-sufficient. We should be utilizing our own energy resources. 
Mr. Speaker, analyses have deter-
mined that 20 percent of the oil and gas wells produced in the offshore over the last 5 years would not be produceable under this rule, not even produceable. Let me give you an idea what that means. That causes an estimated $12 billion economic loss to the United States, to the U.S. Treasury, just over the next 10 years. 
Now, you would think that the U.S. 
Department of the Interior would want to get this rule right, and you would think that they would be engaging folks. Yet, we have had phone call after phone call from people saying they are refusing to engage, they are refusing to take meetings, and they are refusing to discuss. 
Mr. Speaker, I have actually experi-
enced it myself, asking the U.S. De-partment of the Interior for a meeting with the Gulf Coast delegation, with House Members and Senators, to sit down and discuss this to ensure that the Department of the Interior gets it right. And I want to be clear on what ‘‘right’’ means, which is to make things safer, not to propose regulations that are actually going to result in the potential for disaster. 
I am not an expert in offshore pro-
duction, but I can read the regulations and determine the disconnect and the lack of technical understanding of the folks who drafted this rule. Yet, the U.S. Department of the Interior also told us that they would not meet with us, shutting the door. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the United 
States of America. That is not how this country works. People at agencies have to understand that they shouldn’t be sitting in some ivory tower drafting regulations that are going to export jobs, that are going to increase the trade deficit, and that are going to make us reliant or dependent upon na-tions like Venezuela for energy, na-tions that don’t share America’s val-ues. What in the world are we doing? Who is running this place? 
This is the United States of America. 
We have had people who have put their lives on the line to protect our free-doms and to protect our greatness. I don’t think this is what they were pro-tecting or that this is what they were fighting for. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to urge, as we 
move forward on legislation at the end of this year, that we take appropriate action to ensure that America’s energy security is protected, to make sure that America’s independence is pro-tected, to make sure that we don’t take actions that penalize or increase our trade deficit, and that we promote American jobs, America’s economy, and America’s workforce. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.060 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8405 November 19, 2015 
TERRORIST ATTACKS AND SYRIAN 
REFUGEES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
COMSTOCK ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
Mr. COSTA. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today to express my deepest condo-lences to all the individuals who have been affected in recent months by ter-rorist attacks throughout the world and, also, to focus on the need for America to step up and to in a more comprehensive way lead a global effort again these terrorists. 
My thoughts and prayers—and our 
thoughts and prayers as a Nation—con-tinue to be with the people of France, Algiers, Lebanon, and Russia, the vic-tims and their families, who are suf-fering during this time. 
With worldwide attention and sup-
port for defeating terrorism, America has a new opportunity to draw a line in the sand and lead a global coalition. The United States, our allies, and those who oppose terrorist groups must come together on a comprehensive plan for eliminating terrorist organizations, like ISIL, al Qaeda, and all those who support terrorist activities, whether it be on the Internet or in all sorts of ways that we are discovering today. 
America must provide the leadership 
and use all of the resources at our dis-posal to eliminate these terrorist orga-nizations and their supporters. I under-stand that the world is facing a human-itarian crisis and it is a serious prob-lem. 
I think we here in the Congress all 
understand that our first responsibility is to protect and defend the American people from all enemies, foreign and domestic. We take an oath when we are sworn in every 2 years for that purpose. 
The Syrian refugees are seeking safe-
ty, and the United States has a thor-ough vetting process for those refugees and others. We can always improve our efforts to protect the American public while at the same time providing the very humanitarian aid that is nec-essary. 
Recent terrorist attacks have led 
Congress to assess the current process the United States uses to grant entry to refugees who are seeking safety from their country. These are women and children. These are innocent people who have been terribly impacted by the civil war in Syria. There are camps in Jordan with over a million and a half people, and Turkey has a similar num-ber. Of course, we see the accounts of these refugees fleeing to Europe. 
What do we do? We have to respond. 
The legislation that passed today and the legislation that the Senate has in-troduced today is an effort to improve the current system. Clearly, these leg-islative efforts are a work in progress and they will change. 
To succeed, we must work closely 
with the President always to focus on ways that we can improve to protect American citizens because we know 
this, that terrorists never ever sleep. I believe the administration is doing ev-erything it can to make absolutely cer-tain that our efforts to provide that humanitarian support does not threat-en American lives. 
In addition to ensuring that a strict 
and thorough vetting process is in place, we need to pursue comprehensive efforts that include working with our allies to end this civil war in Syria, which, as we know, is the primary source of this refugee crisis. 
Let’s be clear. It is easy to Monday- 
morning-quarterback this, but there are multiple causes to the conflicts in Syria and, in essence, more than one war that is taking place. 
There is the civil war that is caused 
by Assad, but there is a proxy war be-tween Russia and Iran against the Sunni nations. Then, of course, there is a conflict going on between Turkey and the Kurds. 
Then, of course, there are our collec-
tive efforts for the majority of the countries to go after ISIL and their horrific crimes. We have conflicting al-liances within the multiple conflicts that are taking place within Syria today. 
b1445 
Therefore, it is not easy as we try to 
sort this out in a way to put this com-prehensive strategy together. If a glob-al coalition is put in place, we can, I believe, combat this terrorism activity and bring those terrorists responsible for these horrific crimes, crimes against humanity, to justice. And we must. 
Let’s face it. They have declared war 
on Western civilization and our very way of life. I know that the President is working very hard to put this com-prehensive effort together. 
Ladies and gentlemen, Madam 
Speaker, this is not nor should it be a partisan issue. Every Member of Con-gress and the President go to bed at night, and we wake up in the morning with the safety of the American people being always our first priority. 
Let me repeat that. This is not a par-
tisan issue. We all fear for a worst case scenario. Therefore, we must be work-ing together in a bipartisan effort on any concepts of legislation that we consider with the administration, with the President to continually improve our ability to protect our American citizens. 
Now, it is important that we under-
stand that this will be costly, and sac-rifices will inevitably be made. Today, American men and women are in harm’s way in the Middle East, serving in our military, doing their very best on multiple fronts. It is not just the sacrifices they are making, but it is the sacrifices their families are making as well. 
It is essential that we come together 
to develop and implement a long-term comprehensive plan. At the end of the day, it is the only way we will protect our freedoms and our way of life. This 
is what is at stake, and this is why, as we go home for the Thanksgiving re-cess, with our families and friends, we contemplate how we might do a better job working with the administration. 
As we look at this Thanksgiving 
week coming up, truly we have a lot to be thankful for in this Nation. We must remember as Americans, the common values that we share, the bonds that we hold most dear are far, far stronger than whatever differences we may have. 
Madam Speaker, I wish my col-
leagues here in the Congress, as we go back to our homes throughout Amer-ica, a very blessed Thanksgiving with their families and friends. May God bless the United States of America, and may He grant us the guidance to work together in a more united way to solve these difficult challenges we have in front of us today, because we know, working together, all is possible. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, 
these are the times that try men’s souls. 
After so many Americans have given 
the last full measure of devotion for their country, for our freedom, for the freedom of so many others, we are at a time in our history when we have en-emies reporting that they are entering the United States. That is confirmed by the Director of the FBI and others in this administration. As is now re-ported, there are active ISIS elements in every State in the Union. 
Some say, well, those who want to 
suspend bringing in Syrian refugees, wouldn’t that be like telling the Jews during World War II they couldn’t come to America? Actually, it would be more like saying we are going to sus-pend bringing Germans—we are going to keep bringing in German Jews be-cause clearly they are being per-secuted. We are going to try to save them from the Holocaust, but we are going to suspend bringing in those who appear to have similar backgrounds to the Nazis because we are not sure who is Nazi and who isn’t. 
Can you imagine dealing with what 
France has dealt with after we wel-comed with open arms Nazis before and during World War II, if that had been the policy of the Roosevelt administra-tion? Thank God it wasn’t. But, unfor-tunately, Jews were turned away be-fore and during World War II. 
The President wants to continue 
bringing in refugees, continue the mass migration of illegal aliens into the United States. We have this report from yesterday by Brandon Darby and Ildefonso Ortiz. They report on eight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.061 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8406 November 19, 2015 
Syrians being caught at the Texas bor-
der in Laredo yesterday. 
The story says: ‘‘Two Federal agents operating under 
the umbrella of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection are claiming that eight Syrian illegal aliens attempted to enter Texas from Mexico in the Laredo Sector. The Federal agents spoke with Breitbart Texas on the condition of an-onymity, however, a local president of the National Border Patrol Council confirmed that Laredo Border Patrol agents have been officially contacting the organization with concerns over re-ports from other Federal agents about Syrians illegally entering the country in the Laredo Sector. The reports have caused a stir among the sector’s Border Patrol agents. 
‘‘The sources claimed that eight Syr-
ians were apprehended on Monday, No-vember 16, 2015. According to the sources, the Syrians were in two sepa-rate ‘family units’ and were appre-hended at the Juarez Lincoln Bridge in Laredo, Texas, also known officially as Port of Entry 1.’’ 
The President has also stated in re-
cent days—it’s been played over and over as the President condemns Repub-licans and conservatives and liberals and moderate Americans across the specter of politics, Americans who are concerned about one thing: the safety of their homeland. 
The President comes out and con-
demns, and he said: ‘‘When I hear polit-ical leaders suggesting that there would be a religious test for which a person who’s fleeing from a war-torn country is admitted . . . that’s shame-ful. . . . That’s not American. That’s not who we are. We don’t have reli-gious tests to our compassion.’’ 
It doesn’t violate the rules of the 
House to point out when an elected of-ficial is ignorant. It is a violation to insinuate some ill motive. I am insinu-ating no ill motive. I am stating that the President is completely ignorant of what our laws are because the law is very clear, if you look at 8 U.S.C. 1158— and I need to tip the hat to Andrew McCarthy. I have got his article in front of me from yesterday, from nationalreview.com. 
He points out that under Federal law 
the executive branch is expressly re-quired to take religion into account in determining who is granted asylum. Under the provision governing asy-lum—and again, that is 8 U.S.C. section 1158—‘‘an alien applying for admis-sion’’—and this is the law—‘‘must es-tablish that . . . religion . . . was or will be at least one central reason for persecuting that applicant.’’ 
Now, there are other potential rea-
sons that can be given for establishing the persecution, but religion is a very important one, and we have always looked at that issue as being impor-tant. If you are being persecuted for your religious beliefs in the world, that is always historically American to look at that fact and determine, yes, there is a religious test, and these people are being persecuted because of their reli-
gious beliefs, and only if we look at their religion and whether or not that religion is being persecuted can we de-termine whether they are entitled to asylum. 
So to answer the question that is 
raised by the ignorant statement by our President, the truth is, yes, it is American. It is the law. We need to know what religion you are to deter-mine whether or not you are being per-secuted for your religion. 
In another place, and this is over 
from 8 U.S.C., this is in section 1101, and this is the section regarding ref-ugee status, but to qualify, the appli-cant must be a refugee as defined by Federal law, and then that definition is what is at section 1101(a)(42)(A). 
‘‘The term ‘refugee’ means (A) any 
person who is outside any country of such person’s nationality . . . and who is unable or unwilling to return to . . . that country because of persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution on account of . . . religion.’’ 
Religion is important to take into 
account in determining whether some-one is truly a refugee. It is American. It is not shameful. It is what we have done historically, and that is why I would have a Baloch minority in my office today talking to me about perse-cution against the Baloch people in Iran, because, as he says, Americans have traditionally been compassionate when people are being persecuted un-fairly. And we have. And to take such persecution into account, we look at whether religion is a factor in their persecution. That is American. It is recognized even in Iran as being Amer-ican and being unshameful—not only not shameful, but being to the glory and credit of the United States of America that we do care. 
Mr. McCarthy’s article goes on. He 
says: 
‘‘In the case of this war, the Islamic 
State is undeniably persecuting Chris-tians. It is doing so, moreover, as a matter of doctrine. Even those Chris-tians the Islamic State does not kill, it otherwise persecutes as called for by its construction of sharia (observe, for example, the ongoing rape jihad and sexual slavery).’’ 
From my discussions when I have 
been in Nigeria with the poor Africans whose children have been kidnapped, they explained it was only the daugh-ters that were being kidnapped and that the school was attacked. 
I asked: Was it attacked because it 
was a girls school and they don’t want girls having education? 
They said they don’t want girls hav-
ing education, but that is not the rea-son they attacked it. They attacked it because it was a Christian school. 
So these radical Islamists associated 
with the Islamic State, they attack schools, particularly Christian schools; and after they attack a Christian school, the Nigerians explained they bring the children out, and if they are boys, they just go ahead and kill them immediately because they are Chris-
tian boys, and they don’t want that to spread. 
b1500 
If, however, they are girls, the Nige-
rian Africans who were victims of Boko Haram explained, they don’t kill them. No. But you couldn’t really say they weren’t persecuted because they are kidnapped and they are kept strapped to beds and they are repeatedly raped until such time as they are sold into sexual slavery. 
And this administration, according 
to some in Nigeria, has said: We may help you, but you have got to adopt a same-sex marriage provision, or we are not going to be such help to you. 
And as one Nigerian bishop said, to 
his deep credit: Our religious convic-tions are not for sale—not to President Obama, not to anybody. 
God bless them. The same effort was made to push 
Kenya into adopting same-sex mar-riage laws against their religious be-liefs in that country. I was so proud of the Kenyan President. And I have heard other African leaders say they were so proud. They were also proud in Africa of the Kenyan President not being intimidated by President Obama’s demand that they change their marriage laws to go against the teachings of the man whose profile is right up here above the main door to our Gallery—a man named Moses—who said he was speaking for God. And ac-cording to God’s law, a man shall leave his father and mother and a woman leave her home and the two will be-come one flesh. That was to be mar-riage. 
When Jesus was asked about mar-
riage and divorce, he quoted Moses per-fectly—the man we have depicted up here in our House Chamber. He quoted Moses perfectly: A man shall leave his father and mother and a woman leave her home and the two will become one flesh. And then he added to Moses’ per-fect quote: And what God has joined to-gether, nobody put asunder. 
Anyway, our President was in Afri-
can in the past trying to push them into changing their laws, but unfortu-nately for people in areas where radical Islamist’s have reigned, if you are a Christian, you are being persecuted for your religious beliefs. And if you are a Christian boy in a school that Boko Haram attacks, they will most likely just shoot you, kill you; and if you are a girl, they take you into sex slavery, in all likelihood. 
McCarthy goes on: ‘‘To the contrary, 
the Islamic State seeks to rule Mus-lims, not kill or persecute them.’’ 
I think that is a very important 
point Mr. McCarthy makes. The radical Islamists are not seeking to kill or per-secute Muslims like they are Chris-tians. They are seeking to rule them. 
Mr. McCarthy goes on: ‘‘Obama prefers not to dwell on the 
distinction between the jihadist treat-ment of Muslims, on the one hand, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.063 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8407 November 19, 2015 
of Christians, Jews, and other reli-
gious, on the other hand, because he— like much of Washington—inhabits a world in which jihadists are not Is-lamic and, therefore, have no common ground with other Muslims . . . not-withstanding that jihadists emerge whenever and wherever a population of sharia-adherent Muslims reaches crit-ical mass. While there is no question that ISIS will kill and persecute Mus-lims whom it regards as apostates for refusing to adhere to its construction of Islam, it is abject idiocy to suggest that Muslims are facing the same ubiq-uity and intensity of persecution as Christians. 
‘‘And it is down right dishonest to 
claim that taking such religious dis-tinctions into account is ‘not Amer-ican,’ let alone ‘shameful.’ How can something American law requires be ‘not American’? And how can a na-tional expression of compassion ex-pressly aimed at alleviating persecu-tion be ‘shameful’?’’ 
That is Andrew McCarthy yesterday, 
the NationalReview.com. 
‘‘The State Department Turns Its 
Back on Syrian Christians and Other Non-Muslim Refugees’’ is an article by Nina Shea, November 2. She says: ‘‘Over the past 5 years of Syria’s civil war, the United States has admitted a grand total of 53 Syrian Christian refu-gees, a lone Yazidi, and fewer than 10 Druze, Baha’is, and Zoroastrians com-bined. That so few of the Syrian refu-gees coming here are non-Muslim mi-norities is due to American reliance on a United Nations refugee-resettlement program that disproportionately ex-cludes them. Past absolute totals of Syrian refugees to the United States under this program were small, but as the Obama administration now ramps up refugee quotas by tens of thousands, it would be unconscionable to continue with a process that has consistently forsaken some of the most defenseless and egregiously persecuted of those fleeing Syria. 
‘‘The gross underrepresentation of 
the non-Muslim communities in the numbers of Syrian refugees into the U.S. is reflected year after year in the State Department’s public records. They show, for example, that while Syria’s largest non-Muslim group— Christians of the various Catholic, Or-thodox, and Protestant traditions— constituted 10 percent of Syria’s popu-lation before the war, they are only 2.6 percent of the 2,003 Syrian refugees that the United States has accepted since then. 
‘‘Syria’s Christian population, which 
before the war numbered 2 million, has since 2011 been decimated by what Pope Francis described as religious ‘geno-cide.’’’ 
I want to insert at this point, Madam 
Speaker, that I have been advised that this administration is now saying that the persecution of Christians is not being deemed a genocide. Perhaps it is because this administration feels like if you are taking the young girls and putting them into sex slavery and you 
are not outright killing them—you are just raping them and putting them into sex slavery—then maybe that is not a genocide. You are letting the girls live. 
So maybe they are so callous that 
they would consider it is not genocide if you just rape and put these young girls who are Christians or from Chris-tian families into sexual slavery. 
This article from Nina Sea says: ‘‘Clearly, far more than a dozen 
members of Syria’s religious minori-ties should qualify as refugees under the legal definition of a refugee as someone with a ‘well-founded fear of 
persecution based on religion.’. . . In-stead minorities have difficulty getting to step one in the U.N. process. The re-ligious terror that drove them from Syria blocks their registering. The Of-fice of the United Nations High Com-missioner for Refugees is largely lim-ited to collecting refugee applications and making resettlement referrals from its own camps and centers—the burden of feeding creates strong incen-tives for this practice. 
‘‘In an email to me, Knox Thames, 
the State Department’s new Special Adviser for Religious Minorities wrote that ‘many minorities have not entered the U.N. system because they are urban refugees.’ That is, because they live far from the remote U.N. camps and aid centers, they lack the information and access to register. And, as is widely known, many non-Muslim refugees try hard to avoid these camps.’’ 
The reason Christians try to avoid 
these U.N. camps is that they are Mus-lim. 
In fact, in this article, it is pointed 
out: 
‘‘According to British media, a ter-
rorist detector asserted that militants enter U.N. camps to assassinate and kidnap Christians. An American Chris-tian aid group reported that the U.N. camps are ‘dangerous’ places where ISIS, militias, and gangs traffic in women and threaten men who refuse to swear allegiance to the caliphate. 
‘‘Such intimidation is also reportedly 
evident in migrant camps in Europe, leading the German police union to recommend separate shelters for Chris-tians and Muslim migrant groups.’’ 
The article goes on to point out: ‘‘According to a recent UNHCR post-
ing, 19,000 Syrians picked straight from ‘refugee camps in Turkey, Lebanon, and Jordan,’ have received U.N. ap-proval and are awaiting resettlement in the United States. In October, Presi-
dent Obama ordered their expedited ad-mission. Without further action, how-ever, only token numbers of non-Mus-lim minorities will be among those res-cued. George Carey, former Archbishop of Canterbury, called it right about the Christian refugees, and his words equally apply to Syria’s other non- Muslim communities: They are being ‘left at the bottom of the heap.’’’ 
There is an article from Todd 
Starnes, November 18—yesterday—en-titled ‘‘Obama is Importing Muslims, Deporting Christians.’’ Well, if this is true, so much for his 
test—that we don’t care about reli-gious tests. 
But this article says: 
‘‘When individuals say we should 
have a religious test and that only Christians—proven Christians should be admitted—that is offensive and con-trary to American values, the Presi-dent said—just one day after he called such behavior un-American.’’ 
But as Todd Starnes says: ‘‘What is offensive and contrary to 
American values is refusing to properly investigate those wanting to come to our Nation—especially those coming from regions that are hotbeds of Is-lamic extremism. 
‘‘Those of us who fear that Islamic 
radicals might be lurking among the refugees have been called every name in the book: bigots, Islamophobes, and un-American . . . But the President says such prudence only further en-flames the Islamic jihadists.’’ 
The President warns that it is coun-
terproductive and needs to stop. 
The truth is, I will insert parentheti-
cally, what has been a huge recruiting tool for ISIL, ISIS, and the Islamic State, has been American weakness and unwillingness to confront radical Islam head up and call it what it is. 
We found back when we were engaged 
in Iraq that one of the big recruitments that was used by radical Islamists is they would go back to 1979 and the fact that Jimmy Carter did not after they attacked our Embassy and took over 50—51 people or so—as hostages. We did basically nothing to them. 
And they point out that we pulled 
out of Beirut after our Marines were killed there. And they go out and point out the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center under Bill Clinton. We really did nothing after that in response. And after the USS Cole was hit, we basi-
cally did nothing effective. 
And they go on to point out each 
time that America has been hit and we did nothing effective to counter the at-tack upon us, that is the biggest re-cruiting element that ISIS or any rad-ical Islamist group has had, when they can show that they have attacked and we have been weak. 
And nothing has been shown to be 
less effective in responding to attacks against us, against Americans, against Christians, against minority groups, against moderate Muslims, then what has happened during this administra-tion. Call George W. Bush what you will, but the fact is the world knew that while he was President, if you messed with America, he would strike back. 
b1515 
That is what led Qadhafi to abandon 
his nuclear efforts. It led him to open up his doors. You tell me what weapons I can keep. He was afraid we were going to invade them next. 
According to this article, it says, 
‘‘But the cold, hard reality is that Protestants, Catholics and Jews aren’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.065 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8408 November 19, 2015 
the ones beheading people. The 
Lutherans and Nazarenes aren’t gun-ning down young folks in concert venues.’’ 
Nevertheless, the President remains 
steadfast. The Muslims will come. 
‘‘We don’t have religious tests to our 
compassions,’’ he told journalists from high atop his soapbox. 
But that is not entirely accurate. 
Last year the Obama administration led a fierce legal battle to have a Ger-man Christian family thrown out of the United States. 
The Romeikes fled their homeland in 
search of a nation where they could homeschool their children. A judge ini-tially granted them asylum, believing they were escaping from religious per-secution. However, the Obama adminis-tration waged a fierce campaign against the Romeike family, demand-ing they be returned to Germany. 
The family lost court battle after 
court battle, but, at the eleventh hour, the White House relented and begrudg-ingly let them stay. 
But just a few months ago a Federal 
Immigration judge ordered a dozen Iraqi Christians deported from a facil-ity in San Diego. An Immigration Cus-toms Enforcement spokesperson de-clined to tell the San Diego Union Tribune why the Iraqi Christians were being sent back to their native land. 
So the next time President Obama 
wants to lecture the Nation about reli-gion, maybe he could explain why his administration is importing Muslims and deporting Christians. 
I realize that I just have a few min-
utes left, Madam Speaker. Our hearts, our prayers and thoughts have been with the people of France and Lebanon and Russia, victims of radical Islamist attacks and anywhere they have been occurring, Brussels, as well. 
There is great irony. On Wednesday 
of last week, the European Union an-nounced what it had been building to for some time. In essence, it announced it was declaring economic war on Israel. 
Anti-Semitism has grown all over the 
European Union to levels I never would have dreamed, as a little boy, would ever come back to Germany, where we read and studied about the Holocaust and the persecution of Jews not just in Germany, but around Europe, and there were other countries that actu-ally assisted the Germans. 
There were people like George Soros, 
who was Jewish, that helped finger other Jews. I never thought we would get to the level of anti-Semitism where Europe, as a whole, as a group, would basically declare economic war against Israel. Incredible how anti-Semitism has grown there. 
And then, within 48 hours of them de-
claring war, siding with the Pales-tinian Muslims, siding with those— they are attacking the Christians and Jews in Israel and siding with the wrong people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 208. An act to improve the disaster as-
sistance programs of the Small Business Ad-ministration. 
H.R. 639. An act to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing. 
H.R. 2262. An act to facilitate a pro-growth 
environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3996. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 2036. An act to suspend the current com-
pensation packages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, 
pursuant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 3 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, No-vember 20, 2015, at 5 p.m., unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 95, in which case the House shall stand ad-journed pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3501. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Photo-voltaic Devices from the United States (DFARS Case 2015-D007) [Docket No.: DARS- 2015-0024] (RIN: 0750-AI41) received November 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3502. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulation Supplement: Eliminate Data Collection Requirement (DFARS Case 2015-D031) [Docket No.: DARS-2015-0048] (RIN: 0750-AI73) received November 17, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public 
Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3503. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Housing Improvement Program [156A2100DD/AAKC001030/A0A501010.999900 253G] (RIN: 1076-AF22) received November 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
3504. A letter from the Director, Pension 
Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s FY 2015 Annual Report, pursuant to 29 U.S.C. 1308; Public Law 93-406, Sec. 4008 (as amended by Public Law 109-280, Sec. 412); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3505. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s interpretive bulletin — Interpre-tive Bulletin Relating to the Fiduciary Standard Under ERISA in Considering Eco-nomically Targeted Investments (RIN: 1210- AB73) received November 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
3506. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s interpretive bulletin — Interpre-tive Bulletin Relating to State Savings Pro-grams That Sponsor or Facilitate Plans Cov-ered by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (RIN: 1210-AB74) re-ceived November 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3507. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Communications and Information, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting the fourth quarterly report from the National Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration regarding the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority transition, pursuant to the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015, Public Law 113- 235; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
3508. A letter from the Administrator, En-
vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s Algal Toxin Risk Assess-ment and Management Strategic Plan for Drinking Water, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 300j- 19(a); Public Law 114-45, Sec. 2(a); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3509. A letter from the Chief, Policy and 
Rule Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communication Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Expanding the Economic and In-novation Opportunities of Spectrum Through Incentive Auctions [GN Docket No.: 12-268]; Office of Engineering and Technology Re-leases and Seeks Comment on Updated OET- 69 Software [ET Docket No.: 13-26]; Office of Engineering and Technology Seeks to Sup-plement the Incentive Auction Proceeding Record Regarding Potential Interference Be-tween Broadcast Television and Wireless Services [ET Docket No.: 14-14] received No-vember 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3510. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s require-ments and procedures — Media Bureau Fi-nalizes Reimbursement Form for Submission to OMB and Adopts Catalog of Expenses [GN Docket No.: 12-268] received November 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.067 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8409 November 19, 2015 
by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3511. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Department of State, transmitting a certifi-cation, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-085, pursu-ant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90- 629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
3512. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-089, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3513. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-111, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3514. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-018, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3515. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-080, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3516. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-071, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3517. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-063, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3518. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-054, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3519. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-053, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3520. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Yemen that was de-clared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), Sec. 204(c) and, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
3521. A letter from the Administrator and 
Chief Executive Officer, Bonneville Power Administration, Department of Energy, transmitting the Bonneville Power Adminis-tration’s 2015 Annual Report, pursuant to the Third Powerplant at Grand Coulee Dam Act, Public Law 89-448 (80 Stat. 200) and the Chief Financial Officers Act, Public Law 101-576; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3522. A letter from the Board Chair and 
Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s Performance and Accountability Report for FY 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. Sec. 
8G(h)(2); Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3523. A letter from the Archivist of the 
United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting the annual Agency Financial Report of the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration for FY 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 8G(h)(2); Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3524. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Secretarial Election Procedures [156A2100DD/AAKC001030/A0A501010.999900 253G] (RIN: 1076-AE93) received November 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3525. A letter from the Chief Impact Ana-
lyst, Office of Regulatory Policy, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Expanded Access to Non-VA Care through the Veterans Choice Program (RIN: 2900-AP24) received November 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
3526. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Transitional Amendments to Sat-isfy the Market Rate of Return Rules for Hy-brid Retirement Plans [TD 9743] (RIN: 1545- BL62) received November 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3527. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Qualified Student Loan Bonds [Notice 
2015-78] received November 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3528. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-80] received November 18, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3529. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Extension of Guidance in Notice 2013- 7 for Participants in the HFA Hardest Hit Fund [Notice 2015-77] received November 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
3530. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rules — Final Rules for Grandfathered Plans, Preexisting Condition Exclusions, Lifetime and Annual Limits, Rescissions, Dependent Coverage, Appeals, and Patient Protections under the Affordable Care Act [TD 9744] (RIN: 1545-BJ45, 1545-BJ50, 1545-BJ62, 1545- BJ57) received November 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper 
calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3842. A bill to improve homeland security, including domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Fed-eral Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–343, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 2899. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Of-fice for Countering Violent Extremism; with an amendment (Rept. 114–344). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 3490. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–345, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. S. 611. An act to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–346). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 8. A bill to modernize en-ergy infrastructure, build a 21st century en-ergy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and govern-ment accountability, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–347, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. House Joint Resolution 71. Reso-lution providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Re-constructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (Rept. 114–348). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. House Joint Resolution 72. Reso-lution for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollu-tion Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (Rept. 114–349). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Education and the Work-force, Oversight and Government Re-form, and Foreign Affairs discharged from further consideration. H.R. 8 re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3842 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Mar 31, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\NOV 2015\H19NO5.REC H19NO5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8410 November 19, 2015 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for 
himself, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, and Mr. S CHIFF ): 
H.R. 4079. A bill to require that supple-
mental certifications and identity verifications be completed prior to the ad-mission of refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, 
Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
JONES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. E STY, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
NEAL, Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C APPS , and 
Mr. H ECKof Washington): 
H.R. 4080. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for unlimited eligi-bility for health care for mental illnesses for veterans of combat service during certain pe-riods of hostilities and war; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: 
H.R. 4081. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to establish a Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act Revolving Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: 
H.R. 4082. A bill to coordinate transpor-
tation services for transportation-disadvan-taged individuals; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C UL-
BERSON , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S TEW-
ART, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, and Mr. B ABIN): 
H.R. 4083. A bill to exclude the Internal 
Revenue Service from the provisions of title 5, United States Code, relating to labor-man-agement relations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, 
Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C ULBER -
SON, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 4084. A bill to enable civilian research 
and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institu-tions and to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R EED, and Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California): 
H.R. 4085. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of church pension plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HILL: 
H.R. 4086. A bill to require that supple-
mental certifications and background inves-tigations be completed prior to the admis-sion of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. Z INKE, 
Mrs. R OBY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. H URD 
of Texas, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. A DAMS , 
Ms. S INEMA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
and Mr. C LYBURN ): 
H.R. 4087. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to adjust the effective date of certain reductions and discontinuances of compensation, dependency and indemnity compensation, and pension under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
L
OBIONDO , and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
H.R. 4088. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for an invest-ment tax credit related to the production of electricity from offshore wind; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 4089. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to strengthen student visa background checks and improve the monitoring of foreign students in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 4090. A bill to amend the Social Secu-
rity Act to improve choices available to Medicare eligible seniors by permitting them to elect (instead of regular Medicare bene-fits) to receive a voucher for a health savings account, for premiums for a high deductible health insurance plan, or both and by sus-pending Medicare late enrollment penalties between ages 65 and 70; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. BORDALLO: 
H.R. 4091. A bill to provide reforms through 
the Organic Act of Guam; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 4092. A bill to reauthorize the sound 
recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 4093. A bill to revise certain adminis-
trative and management authorities of the Librarian of Congress, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 4094. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to create Universal Savings Accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 4095. A bill to amend the charter of 
the Gold Star Wives of America to remove the restriction on the federally chartered corporation, and directors and officers of the corporation, attempting to influence legisla-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself and Mr. 
S
TIVERS ): 
H.R. 4096. A bill to amend the Volcker Rule 
to permit certain investment advisers to share a similar name with a private equity fund, subject to certain restrictions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 4097. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide for visas for certain advanced STEM graduates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself and Mr. R
OYCE ): 
H.R. 4098. A bill to amend title III of the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 to strengthen minority-serving institutions; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself and Mr. 
S
TIVERS ): 
H.R. 4099. A bill to increase from 
$10,000,000,000 to $50,000,000,000 the threshold figure at which regulated depository institu-tions are subject to direct examination and reporting requirements of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself and Mrs. 
W
AGNER ): 
H.R. 4100. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Army, acting through the Chief of Engi-neers, to undertake remediation oversight of the West Lake Landfill located in Bridgeton, Missouri; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , 
and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): 
H.R. 4101. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 regarding proprietary in-stitutions of higher education in order to protect students and taxpayers; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. COMSTOCK: 
H.R. 4102. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of a mechanism to allow borrowers of Federal student loans to refinance their loans, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer- provided educational assistance to employer payment of interest on certain refinanced student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 4103. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the provision of medical care to veterans at critical access hospitals; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. 
P
AULSEN ): 
H.R. 4104. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to treat bicycle sharing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19NO7.100 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8411 November 19, 2015 
systems as mass transit facilities for pur-
poses of the qualified transportation fringe; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS (for himself, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. R OGERS of Ken-
tucky, Mr. B ARR, Mr. F INCHER , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. R OE 
of Tennessee): 
H.R. 4105. A bill to amend the Horse Pro-
tection Act to provide increased protection for horses participating in shows, exhibi-tions, or sales, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself, Mr. 
C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
H.R. 4106. A bill to provide for a program of 
research, development, demonstration, and commercial application in vehicle tech-nologies at the Department of Energy; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself and 
Miss R
ICEof New York): 
H.R. 4107. A bill to provide for trans-
parency, accountability, and reform of the National Flood Insurance Program; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. 
A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 4108. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
for the provision of assistance to Syrian op-position groups and individuals; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Ms. C LARKE of New 
York): 
H.R. 4109. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Opportunity Act to restrict institu-tions of higher education from using reve-nues derived from Federal educational as-sistance funds for advertising, marketing, or recruiting purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 4110. A bill to require the Comptroller 
General of the United States to study the feasibility of modifying the 5-month waiting period for certain individuals entitled to dis-ability insurance benefits under section 223 of the Social Security Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. 
C
RAMER , and Mr. L OEBSACK ): 
H.R. 4111. A bill to include skilled nursing 
facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself 
and Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 4112. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow refunds of Federal motor fuel excise taxes on fuels used in mo-bile mammography vehicles; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Ms. L
EE, Ms. 
MOORE , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 4113. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 regarding reasonable break time for nursing mothers; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (for himself, Mr. R
ENACCI , 
Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California): 
H.R. 4114. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the amount that can be withdrawn without penalty from individual retirement plans as first-time 
homebuyer distributions; to the Committee 
on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 4115. A bill to adjust the amount of 
monthly old-age, survivors, and disability in-surance payments under title II of the Social Security Act based on locality-based com-parability payment rates; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. MOORE (for herself and Mr. 
E
MMER of Minnesota): 
H.R. 4116. A bill to amend the Federal De-
posit Insurance Act to ensure that the recip-rocal deposits of an insured depository insti-tution are not considered to be funds ob-tained by or through a deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. R
ANGEL , Ms. N ORTON , and 
Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 4117. A bill to require statistics relat-
ing to community trust in law enforcement in the National Crime Victim’s Survey, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 4118. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to provide support to uni-versity law school programs that are de-signed to provide legal assistance to vet-erans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. PALAZZO: 
H.R. 4119. A bill to authorize the exchange 
of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. G OSAR ): 
H.R. 4120. A bill to amend the Head Start 
Act to authorize block grants to States for prekindergarten education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. 
F
ATTAH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ ): 
H.R. 4121. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-
trition Act of 2008 to provide greater access to the supplemental nutrition assistance program by reducing duplicative and burden-some administrative requirements, authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to award grants to certain community-based nonprofit feed-ing and anti-hunger groups for the purpose of establishing and implementing a Beyond the Soup Kitchen Pilot Program for certain so-cially and economically disadvantaged popu-lations, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. 
S
ALMON ): 
H.R. 4122. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to provide that aliens who were present in certain countries may not be admitted under the visa waiver pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 4123. A bill to withhold United States 
contributions to the regularly assessed bien-nial budget of the United Nations until the United Nations adopts a definition of ‘‘inter-national terrorism‘‘ concurrent with United States laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself and Mr. G
IB-
SON): 
H.R. 4124. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to eliminate the age restriction on the commencement of the receipt of re-tired pay for non-regular service; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-
self, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. S IRES): 
H.R. 4125. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the feasibility of the Secretary entering into public-private partnerships to improve the access of veterans to medical facilities in densely populated communities and rural communities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. M
EAD-
OWS, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. 
MILLER of Florida): 
H.R. 4126. A bill to clarify that any action 
by the President in contravention of the re-striction on transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is without legal ef-fect, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. A
BRA-
HAM, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
BARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
BLUM, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. B UCK, Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C HAFFETZ , 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ESSER , 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
PALMER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , and Mr. L ABRADOR ): 
H.J. Res. 74. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: 
H. Con. Res. 95. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives and a conditional recess or adjournment of the Senate; consid-ered and agreed to. 
By Mr. WOODALL (for himself, Mr. 
H
ASTINGS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
COOK, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York, and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE ): 
H. Con. Res. 96. Concurrent resolution con-
demning Palestinian incitement of violence and reaffirming the special bond between Israel and the United States; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19NO7.100 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8412 November 19, 2015 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
PITTS, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. Y ODER , 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. L ONG, Mr. M ILLER  
of Florida, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. G UTH-
RIE, Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. B ABIN): 
H. Con. Res. 97. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the President should submit to the Senate for 
advice and consent the climate change agreement proposed for adoption at the twenty-first session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, to be held in Paris, France from November 30 to December 11, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. 
BEATTY , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
H. Con. Res. 98. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of the Congress that homelessness in America should be elimi-nated; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. G
IB-
SON, Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. 
COLLINS of New York): 
H. Con. Res. 99. Concurrent resolution 
commemorating the 100th anniversary of the United States Army Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. 
V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B LUM, Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Mr. B OST, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G IBSON , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mississippi, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
KNIGHT , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
MOULTON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T IPTON , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. K IND, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. B RAT, 
Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , and Mr. M CCAUL): 
H. Res. 534. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of a ‘‘Small Business Sat-urday’’ and supporting efforts to increase awareness of the value of locally owned small businesses; to the Committee on Small 
Business. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself, Mr. I
SSA, 
Mr. R OYCE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T URNER , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, 
Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H. Res. 535. A resolution condemning in the 
strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Bei-rut, Lebanon, on November 12, 2015, that re-sulted in the loss of at least 43 lives; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SIRES (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina): 
H. Res. 536. A resolution supporting free-
dom of the press in Latin America and the Caribbean and condemning violations of press freedom and violence against journal-ists, bloggers, and individuals exercising their right to freedom of speech; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H. Res. 537. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that Federal law prohibits the transfer of individ-uals detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (for himself, Ms. S
INEMA , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Ms. L EE): 
H. Res. 538. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting awareness of adoption and the children in foster care awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, recognizing current programs and efforts de-signed to promote adoption, and encouraging people in the United States to seek improved safety, permanency, and well-being for all children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
150. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the General Assembly of the State of Cali-fornia, relative to Assembly Joint Resolu-tion No. 16, calling upon the President of the United States to encourage the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services to adopt policies to repeal the current and upcoming discriminatory donor suitability policies of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding blood donations by men who have had sex with another man and, instead, di-rect the FDA to develop science-based poli-cies such as criteria based on risky behavior in lieu of sexual orientation; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
151. Also, a memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 25, urging the President and Congress of the United States to support legislation that will provide a comprehensive solution to allow banks and credit unions to perform financial services 
for marijuana businesses; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
152. Also, a memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 22, urging the federal government to take steps to reform the outdated and inadequate Official Poverty Measure to better reflect poverty and the unmet needs demonstrated by the Supple-mental Poverty Measure; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
153. Also, a memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 27, urging the Congress of the United States to perma-nently reauthorize and fully fund the federal land and Water Conservation Fund in order to maintain and preserve land and water re-sources; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
154. Also, a memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 13, urging the Congress and President of the United States to continue to secure citizens’ right to vote and remedy any racial discrimination in vot-ing; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
155. Also, a memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 26, urging the Congress of the United States to ban the sale or display of any Confederate flag, including the Confederate Battle Flag, on federal prop-erty and encourage states to ban the use of Confederate States of America symbolism from state flags, seals, and symbols, and would encourage the donation of Confederate artifacts to museums; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 4079. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 4080. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . 
By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: 
H.R. 4081. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority granted Congress under Ar-
ticle I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 7 of the United States Constitution establish the basis for Congress providing transportation infrastructure. 
By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: 
H.R. 4082. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority granted Congress under Ar-
ticle 1, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 7 of the United States Constitution establish the basis for Congress to authorize surface trans-portation funding. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 4083. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19NO7.100 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8413 November 19, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-
merce Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which grants Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ as well as Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which gives Congress the power to make all laws necessary and proper for car-rying out the powers vested to Congress. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas: 
H.R. 4084. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 4085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I 
By Mr. HILL: 
H.R. 4086. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mrs. LOVE: 
H.R. 4087. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 4088. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 4089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 4090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Ms. BORDALLO: 
H.R. 4091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV Section 3 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 4092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 4093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 4094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Sixteenth Amendment to the Con-
stitution grants Congress ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without re-gard to any census or enumeration.’’ Left undefined in the amendment, the ‘‘incomes’’ appropriate for taxation must be determined through legislation passed by Congress. Con-gress therefore has the power to exclude from income taxation such sources as it deems appropriate. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 4095. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment 1 to the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 4096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 4097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 4 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 4098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 4099. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, ‘‘The Commerce Power 
Congress’’ 
By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 4100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 4101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. COMSTOCK: 
H.R. 4102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (Power To lay 
and collect Taxes); Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (Commerce Clause); and the Six-teenth Amendment to the Constitution. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 4103. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 4104. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power to law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excise s . . .’’ 
By Mr. D
ESJARLAIS: 
H.R. 4105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. Congress 
shall have Power to regulate Commerce with Foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with Indian Tribes. 
By Mrs. DINGELL: 
H.R. 4106. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8, Article I of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. DONOVAN: 
H.R. 4107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 4108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 4109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 4110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
US Const., Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 1, 18 (‘‘The 
Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . [and] To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’)(Social Security Disibility benefits are provided to individuals who have phys-ical disabilities that prevent them from working, so as to ensure their ‘‘general Wel-fare,’’ and are paid through tax revenues. A GAO study on modifying payments to cer-tain recipients is a proper means of ensuring the program is as effective as possible). 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 4111. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 4112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-cises to pay the debts and provide for the common Defense and general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. Thus, Congress has the authority not only to increase taxes, but also, to reduce taxes to promote the general welfare of the United States of America and her citizens. Additionally, Congress has the Constitutional authority to regulate com-merce among the States and the Indian Tribes, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 4113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Fourteenth Amendment, Section 5, which 
reads: The Congress shall have power to en-force, by appropriate legislation, the provi-sions of this article; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which reads: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 4114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 4115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States of America. 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 4116. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.040 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8414 November 19, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. I, Sect. 8, Clause 3 ‘‘to regulate com-
merce’’ 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: 
H.R. 4117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I 
section 8 Constitution of the United States, which states the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 4118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. PALAZZO: 
H.R. 4119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Sec. 3, Clause 2 (relating to the 
power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United Sates). 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 4120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have power. . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 4121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Ms. SINEMA: 
H.R. 4122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 4123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. WALZ: 
H.R. 4124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article. I. Section. 8. To make Rules for 
the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 4125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. YOHO: 
H.R. 4126. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
‘‘To provide for the common defense,’’ ‘‘to raise and support Armies,’’ ‘‘to provide and 
maintain a Navy,’’ and ‘‘to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.J. Res. 74. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-
merce Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which grants Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ as well as Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which gives Congress the authority to address and prevent new regulations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 170: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 223: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 224: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 282: Mr. Y ODER and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 290: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 359: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 379: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 452: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 539: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 540: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 545: Mr. M ICA, Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. 
LANCE . 
H.R. 670: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 745: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 746: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 816: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 820: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 845: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 855: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 911: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 953: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 969: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 985: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. K ELLY of Mis-
sissippi. 
H.R. 1076: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1150: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. K INZINGER of 
Illinois. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. S CHRADER , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. S EWELL of 
Alabama, and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 1220: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1258: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1268: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1292: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1336: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1356: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1457: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California. 
H.R. 1530: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. 
LAHOOD. 
H.R. 1576: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1610: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1685: Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 1763: Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
COOK, and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1769: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 1893: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 1942: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1971: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1979: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 1988: Mr. T URNER and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 2070: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 2124: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
LYNCH , and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2293: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2408: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 2434: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
PITTS, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. 
WAGNER , and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
BONAMICI , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2461: Ms. L OFGREN and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska. 
H.R. 2515: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 2519: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 2521: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2533: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 2715: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2752: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2759: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2850: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 2858: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2874: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C OHEN , and 
Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2894: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. B LUM, Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan, and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 2980: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3026: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 3046: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 3065: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 3074: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 3223: Mr. R USH, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. D OLD, 
and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 3229: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
KLINE. 
H.R. 3268: Mr. A MODEI and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 3286: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 3294: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3296: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. D ENHAM , 
Mr. A LLEN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. K INGof 
Iowa. 
H.R. 3339: Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. 
TIPTON , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 3377: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. H AS-
TINGS . 
H.R. 3399: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3459: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 3463: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3565: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 3660: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 3700: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3734: Mr. P EARCE , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. 
AMODEI . 
H.R. 3765: Mr. B URGESS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.043 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8415 November 19, 2015 
H.R. 3779: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 3799: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 3845: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. S HIMKUS , and 
Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 3860: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3862: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3865: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 3879: Mr. S ARBANES and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3880: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 3916: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3917: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 3932: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. L ONG, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 3946: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3964: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3965: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
PETERS . 
H.R. 3987: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 3991: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3997: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
SIRES, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 4008: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 4026: Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 4029: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 4031: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida. 
H.R. 4032: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. C LAW-
SONof Florida. H.R. 4038: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. L ONG, 
and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 4058: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 4062: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S IMPSON and Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 4068: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.J. Res. 33: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. S TEWART , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-
gan, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. P ITTS. 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. S TEWART , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-
ginia, Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-
gan, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. W EBSTER  
of Florida, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
BYRNE , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. B LUM, Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. L ABRADOR , 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. Y OHO, 
and Mr. P ITTS. 
H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H. Res. 218: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H. Res. 432: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
MULLIN , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 445: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H. Res. 494: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H. Res. 501: Mr. W ELCH . 
H. Res. 508: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 510: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Res. 519: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H. Res. 521: Ms. E SHOO and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H. Res. 523: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. K IND, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. 
TITUS. 
H. Res. 532: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. S TIV-
ERS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.028 H19NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8113 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 2015 No. 171 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-
day’s opening prayer will be offered by Pastor Jeff Wheeler, pastor of the Cen-tral Baptist Church in Sioux Falls, SD. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. God, with the uncertainty in our 
world today, we pause to declare Your matchless power and moral perfection. We are reminded that You are in con-trol. You govern Your creation with righteousness and truth. You extend mercy to the downcast and hope to the broken. May these men and women govern with the same spirit. 
You tell us righteousness elevates a 
nation to greatness. O God, forgive our sin and grant righteous judgment to these leaders as they make moral and ethical decisions. Please grant discern-ment. 
Fill our hearts with compassion for 
the weak, courage in adversity, wisdom through debate, and vision in the storm. May every decision be tethered to the anchor of Your unending truth. 
O Lord, be pleased to dwell among us 
today. Let Your presence dispel the darkness of self-centeredness. Let hu-mility give birth to the servant-heart-ed spirit. May Your Name once again be great in our Nation, for Yours is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever. 
In Jesus’s Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). The senior Senator from 
South Dakota. 
f 
WELCOMING THE GUEST 
CHAPLAIN 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, it is a 
great honor for me to be able to wel-come to the Senate today our pastor from Sioux Falls, SD, Jeff Wheeler, who just offered our invocation this morning, and to express how much Kimberley and I have appreciated the opportunity to worship and to benefit from his ministry. We enjoy and are blessed by his teaching each and every single week when we are back home in South Dakota. His ministry has and continues to impact people all across our community, across our State, and across our region. 
He and his wife Shirlene are with us 
today in the Senate, and on behalf of myself and my colleagues, we extend the warmest welcome and appreciate the great work he does in serving the Lord in South Dakota and across our country. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEES 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is 
clear that the American people are concerned about the administration’s ability to properly vet thousands of in-dividuals from Syria. More than half of our Nation’s Governors, Governors of both parties, have demonstrated their concern. Many Members in Congress, Members of both parties, have raised concerns as well. 
Given all this and given all that has 
happened in Paris, it simply makes sense to take a step back for now, to press the pause button so we can deter-
mine the facts and ensure we have the correct policies and security screenings in place. That is the most responsible thing for the administration to do right now. That is the most reasonable and balanced thing for the administra-tion to do right now. 
We should also not lose sight of why 
we are in this position to begin with. The Syrian people are fleeing Syria be-cause of a brutal civil war. The ulti-mate solution to this problem is to make Syria a place the Syrian people can continue to return to, but the ad-ministration has never had a coherent strategy to settle this conflict. Every single one of us knows that ISIL pre-sents a threat to our homeland, and it is not contained. So if the administra-tion is serious about starting to turn 
this situation around, then it is going to have to develop a serious and work-able strategy that can swing and win strong bipartisan support. 
f 
GUANTANAMO BAY DETENTION 
FACILITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
years ago, then-candidate Obama made a campaign promise that has not with-stood the measure of time or the reali-ties brought by terrorism. He said he wanted to close the secure detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. Ever since, he has pursued policies that will-fully avoided the targeting chain of capture, interrogate, build intel-ligence, and target. It turns out that the reality of closing the secure deten-tion facility is a lot harder than mak-ing promises on the campaign trail. It is an incredibly complex issue with grave national security concerns for the citizens of our country and for our allies. 
The fact that the President has never 
been able to present any kind of seri-ous plan to Congress seems to say quite a lot. We hear he is working on one now. We will, of course, give consider-ation to what the President says. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.000 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8114 November 19, 2015 
will, of course, keep an open mind. It 
doesn’t mean Congress is going to agree with him. It is going to be a very tough sell because it is hard to under-stand why indefinite detention for ter-rorists on U.S. soil is preferable to de-taining terrorists who cannot be re-leased in Guantanamo. This is espe-cially true when one considers the fact that bringing terrorists here presents serious risks that simply do not exist if we keep the terrorists in the secure fa-cility down there in Guantanamo Bay. 
This much is crystal clear though: If 
the President wants to be able to im-port Guantanamo terrorists into Amer-icans’ backyards, he is going to have to persuade a majority in Congress to change the law. The law prevents that. 
Just last week, big bipartisan majori-
ties in Congress voted twice to under-score the point. We overwhelmingly passed a defense authorization bill with a clear bipartisan prohibition on the President moving Guantanamo terror-ists into our country. We overwhelm-ingly passed a veterans funding bill with a clear bipartisan prohibition on the President improving military fa-cilities for the detention of Guanta-namo terrorists in our country. 
The Senate has voted many times in 
recent years to enact these bipartisan protections. We enacted them in Con-gresses with split party control. We en-acted them in Congresses with massive Democratic majorities. The President signed them all into law. So if the President wants to bring Guantanamo terrorists into the United States, he has to change the law. That is the opinion of the President’s own Attor-ney General. She was asked directly this week if the President should ig-nore legislation passed by Congress that prohibits him from transferring Guantanamo detainees to American soil. This is what Attorney General Lo-retta Lynch said: ‘‘The law currently does not allow for that.’’ Let me repeat that. ‘‘The law currently does not allow for that.’’ That is Attorney Gen-eral Lynch of this administration. That is what the Nation’s chief law en-forcement officer, a woman appointed by President Obama himself, had to say on his ability to import Guanta-namo terrorists into our country. 
This isn’t exactly a revelation to 
anybody. The fact that the President is now contemplating flouting the law in pursuit of a campaign promise from years ago means that it is apparently necessary for his own Attorney General to remind everybody that the law is the law, even for President Obama. 
There are a multitude of other rea-
sons not to bring these individuals into our country. I plan to continue remind-ing my colleagues of them here on the floor from time to time. 
If the President ever presents some 
kind of plan we can actually debate, I am sure there will be several different views on it. I am sure we will each have a lot to say. I am sure the President will make his pitch to convince Con-gress that moving terrorists into American communities is a good idea. 
As I said, it will be a hard sell. But the President should make his case if he feels passionately about it. For now, though, we should at least be able to agree with what one of our Democratic colleagues recently said of the Presi-dent: ‘‘He is going to have to comply with the legal restrictions.’’ 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—H.R. 3762 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconcili-
ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEES 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we all know 
that the Federal Government has many obligations, but chief among them is to protect the American people from harm. That responsibility is now at the forefront of talk here in our Nation’s Capital, and rightfully so. ISIS con-tinues to spread its campaign of terror across the entire world. 
The United States is committed to 
combating terrorism. Our government will do all that is possible to protect the people of this Nation. In this fight against evil ISIS, it is absolutely crit-ical that we as Americans do not lose sight of our Nation’s core principles. Those principles are eloquently etched into the base of the Statue of Liberty. 
I can remember taking my family 
there for the first time. I didn’t have all my children yet—we had more that had to be born—but my older children still remember that. I remember it. 
Here is what it says: 
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe 
free, 
The retched refuse of your teaming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed, 
to me. 
That, of course, is directed to the 
United States. All across Europe and the Middle East, there are huddled masses of Syrian families desperate to find refuge someplace from Syria’s civil war and the ISIS reign of terror. Millions of Syrians fled their country. About 300,000 of them have been killed since the civil war started—300,000. They fled to neighboring nations such as Turkey, Lebanon, and tiny little Jordan. 
But the crisis in Syria continues to 
worsen and people are forced to seek refuge. What else can they do? On a daily basis, Europe’s borders are being flooded by people in search of safety and a better life—mothers cradling in-fants and fathers carrying children in their arms. The nations of Europe have helped. Greece, Germany, and others have accommodated the enormous in-flux of people as safely as possible. 
They are overwhelmed. The United 
States must do its part. We have a rig-orous screening process for when we ac-cept these refugees. The refugees we are accepting are women and children and old and older men with families. Only 2 percent of the refugees are men of military age—2 percent. We accepted a little under 2,000 last year. Two per-cent of those were of military age. 
The United States has a long and 
proud history of providing refuge to the world’s most vulnerable. That his-tory includes my father-in-law, Israel Goldfarb. He and his family came from Russia. They were refugees escaping the programs of a czar. I have been dis-gusted in recent days to see some of my Republican colleagues shun the American tradition of displaying com-passion for those in need, of sheltering those fleeing torture, rape and oppres-sion. Frankly, I have been disappointed by Republican fear-mongering and big-otry. 
Apparently they have learned noth-
ing from history. We cannot repeat the dark days of the 1930s when many Americans resolved to turn away help-less refugees fleeing Nazi Germany and Adolf Hitler or imprisoned innocent Japanese Americans during World War II, like our late colleague Dan Inouye and his family. 
Those mistakes were based on mis-
guided fears of people we did not know. How many people died because of un-founded apprehension? I don’t know but far too many. Yet it seems many Republicans are destined to go down that same path again. Some in the Re-publican Party have suggested that we categorically block all Syrian refugees. One Republican candidate for President suggested we turn away even 5-year-old refugee children. Two other Republican candidates for President implied that the United States of America should have some sort of religious test for ref-ugees. They are saying only Christians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.005 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8115 November 19, 2015 
This is the latest in what has become a 
disturbing pattern of Republican ha-tred and intolerance toward Muslims. 
Remember, Syria is mostly Muslim, but there are Jews, there are Chris-tians—lots of them. During the course of the current Presidential cycle, we have heard from the leading lights of the Republican Party the following: that we are at war with Islam, that we should be shutting down Muslim houses of worship in America, close the mosques, that we should ban Muslims from government service. We have two of my friends who serve in the House of Representatives who are Muslim. They are proud. That religion has made them better people. 
Now they are even suggesting that 
we should reject refugees fleeing perse-cution on the grounds that they are Muslim. That is not America. That is hate emanating from some Repub-licans. That anti-Muslim venom from Republicans is a propaganda bonanza for ISIS. Christian groups have re-sponded to those Republican attacks. We have heard what the Pope said: to kill in the name of religion is blas-phemous. 
World Relief, the U.S. Conference of 
Catholic Bishops, Lutheran Immigra-tion and Refugee Service are all dis-mayed at the anti-refugee fervor pushed forward by Republicans and are urging supporters to contact elected of-ficials on behalf of these victims of the Syrian conflict. 
We must pause and think about what 
they have been through—poison gas, cluster bombs. Let’s think about who these refugees are. They are not our enemies. They are expelled from their homeland by the same evil rulers we are fighting. All they want is to find safety, to restart their lives. These people have been persecuted—that is an understatement—by President Assad and ISIS. The Syrian regime, I repeat, has barrel-bombed their own citizens, has unleashed chemical weapons against their own citizens, rapes, justi-fying the rapes of these hundreds and hundreds of women in the name of their religion—murdering women and children. Those refugees hate Assad. They hate ISIS. That is why they are trying to get out of that horrible situa-tion they find themselves. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has verified that not one of 1,800 refugees already admitted in the United States has a single confirmed tie to terrorism—not one. To deny our moral obligation to these struggling people would be to abandon the prin-ciples of this great country. That is how France feels about it also. On the heels of last week’s appalling attacks, the President of France is refusing to neglect France’s duty to humanity. Here is what this good man said yester-day: 
30,000 refugees will be welcomed over the 
next two years. Our country has the duty to respect this commitment. 
After what they have been through, 
this is what the President of France said: Accepting Syrian refugees is the 
moral thing to do and it is sound pol-icy. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice agrees that the United States must open its arms to those fleeing persecution. Here is what she said: 
What the United States has done is to be 
open to people who are fleeing tyranny, who are fleeing danger, but we have done it in a very careful way. 
Secretary Madeleine Albright au-
thored an op-ed this week for Time magazine. Now, remember, she herself was a refugee. That is how she came to 
this country during World War II. She said Americans must respond with compassion if we are going to defeat ISIS. We can do all we want with refu-gees. This is no way to win the war, at-tacking the refugees. Here is what she said, Madeleine Albright: 
Our enemies have a plan. They want to di-
vide the world between Muslims and non- Muslims, and between the defenders and attackers of Islam. By making Syrian refu-gees the enemy, we are playing into their hands. Instead, we need to clarify that the real choice is between those who think it is okay to murder innocent people and those who think it is wrong. By showing that we value every human life, we can make clear to the world where we stand. 
What Secretary Albright said and 
what Secretary Rice said is absolutely right. We process Syrian refugees in a very careful way. It has worked. We are not the nations of Europe. Has anyone stopped for a minute and thought that we have an ocean between us and them, an ocean, the Atlantic Ocean. 
The U.S. refugee screening takes 
place well before any individual comes to our borders. To enter the U.S. ref-ugee program as an applicant, the U.N. Refugee Agency must first select and refer all potential refugees to our pro-gram. We accept refugees solely on a referral basis from the United Nation’s agency. We do not go out and solicit any of these people. After being re-ferred, all refugees, including those from Syria, are subjected to extremely rigorous screening and security checks. This is not some easy procedure where refugees fly right through the applica-tion process and are sent here in a mat-ter of days. No. It takes an average of 18 to 24 months for a refugee to make it through the process to come to the United States. 
Remember, the vast majority of 
these people are checked and re-checked, taking 24 months; they are women and children and old men. I re-peat. It takes 18 to 24 months for a ref-ugee to make it through the process of coming to the United States. That is why only 1,800 refugees have been ad-mitted since the start of the conflict out of the millions who are fleeing Syria. Our government accepts only the most vulnerable of the Syrians, survivors of violence and torture, those with severe medical conditions, women and children, but security precautions are not taking a backseat in the proc-ess. These Syrian refugees are real peo-ple. Images of their plight should be so visually apparent in our minds. Think 
of that little boy whom we saw and ev-eryone saw around the world, a picture of this little dead boy washed up on a beach, a drowned Syrian boy whose body was washed up on this Turkish beach, pictures on the front page of newspapers, all the TV programs for several days. 
At that time, Democrats and Repub-
licans together responded with calls for compassion and action. I urge Repub-licans to remember that little boy. We must help where we can. That is who we are. We are America. We come to the defense of the defenseless. We come to the aid of those in need. Right now we are needed. We are a nation—a na-tion of freedom. We should not forsake our duty and obligation to these strug-gling people. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The Senator from Texas. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that after I promulgate two unanimous consent requests, the remaining time between now and 11 a.m. be equally divided between myself and the assistant Democratic leader. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Texas. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— 
S. 247 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Judiciary Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 247 and the Senate pro-ceed to its immediate consideration; I further ask that the bill be read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on be-
half of the Democratic ranking mem-ber of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, Senator P
ATLEAHY , and my-
self, I do object. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.009 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8116 November 19, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Texas. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— 
S. 2302 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Judiciary Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 2302 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation; I further ask that the bill be read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, moments 
ago I asked this body to take up and pass two commonsense pieces of legis-lation in response to the terrorist at-tack in Paris. The first, the Expatriate Terrorist Act, is legislation I intro-duced over a year ago—attempted to pass over a year ago—and that the Democratic Party blocked. That legis-lation provides that any American cit-izen who goes and joins ISIS, who takes up arms against America and at-tempts to wage jihad, by doing so, for-feits his or her U.S. citizenship. Exist-ing Federal law provides for grounds of revocation of citizenship, and this piece of legislation would add joining terrorist groups such as ISIS to those grounds. 
Unfortunately, the Democratic Party 
has just objected to passing that com-monsense legislation. As a con-sequence, and because of that objec-tion, it means that Americans—and the estimates are it could be up to or over 100 Americans—who have gone and joined ISIS right now are waging jihad against America. As a consequence of that objection, it means those ISIS ter-rorists can come back to America using a U.S. passport and wage jihad against this country—attempt to mur-der innocent men and women in this country using a U.S. passport. That is, I believe, a profound mistake. 
The second piece of legislation I just 
asked this body to pass and the Demo-crats just objected to is legislation that would stop President Obama and Hillary Clinton’s plan to bring in tens of thousands of Syrian Muslim refugees to the United States in light of the dec-laration of war from ISIS, in light of the horrific terrorist attack and in light of the admissions from the Direc-tor of the FBI, Director Comey—who I might note President Obama ap-pointed—who said the administration cannot vet these refugees to determine whether or not they are ISIS terrorists. Indeed, he said since they do not have the data on which of the Syrian refu-gees are involved with ISIS terrorism, they can query the database, but with no information in the database, he said they can query over and over again until the cows come home, but they do 
not have the information. 
Unfortunately, the Democratic 
Party, the Democratic Senators in this body have chosen to stand with Presi-dent Obama and his absurd political correctness, his unwillingness even to utter the words ‘‘radical Islamic ter-rorism.’’ The President refuses to say the words ‘‘radical Islamic terrorism.’’ Hillary Clinton refuses to say the words ‘‘radical Islamic terrorism.’’ Not only do they refuse to say the words, but they are supporting a policy of bringing tens of thousands of Syrian Muslim refugees into this country knowing full well we cannot vet them to determine who is coming here to wage jihad. That is a profound threat to this country, and I hope we will stand as one. This ought to be an area of bipartisan agreement. 
I would note that the legislation I in-
troduced includes an exception for per-secuted minorities facing genocide— Christians, Yazidis, small minorities facing genocide. In response to my ac-knowledging genocide as a different circumstance, President Obama, 2 days ago in Turkey, attacked me directly. He said it was un-American to want to protect this country from terrorists and to want to help persecuted Chris-tians. Then yesterday, President Obama attacked me again from Ma-nila, saying it was offensive that I, and so many millions of other Americans, want to keep our children safe. 
Mr. President, it is neither un-Amer-
ican nor offensive to believe in the rule of law, to believe in standing up to rad-ical Islamic terrorism. And it is an as-tonishing statement that so many Democratic Senators choose to stand with a President who will not confront radical Islamic terrorism. 
Indeed, just this week Secretary 
Kerry rationalized the terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo saying it was under-standable why they attacked Charlie Hebdo. We should not be acting as apologists for radical Islamic terror-ists. The very first obligation of the Commander in Chief is to keep this Na-tion safe. And I will say that any offi-cial responsible for bringing people in when they do not know if they are rad-ical Islamic terrorists will bear respon-sibility for the consequences of their actions. 
ISIS has been plain. They intend to 
murder as many Americans as possible and they intend to carry out terror at-tacks here, such as that which hap-pened in Paris. This commonsense leg-islation would have helped protect this Nation, but I am sorry to say the Democratic Party is objecting to it. 
I believe we should put America first, 
protecting America first. Unfortu-nately, my friends on the other side of the aisle are blocking that effort. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I under-
stand there is a limited amount of time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
7
1⁄2minutes remaining on the Demo-
cratic side. 
Mr. LEAHY. I thank the distin-
guished Chair. 
Mr. President, I am worried in this 
country that we hear rhetoric that is dangerous, and it is time to stop. It shames the very nature of what Amer-ica is. These are ideas that are wrong, and I would say they are deeply anti- American. 
My grandparents—my Italian grand-
parents, my Irish great-great-grand-parents—heard some of this rhetoric when some in this country said they shouldn’t come here: Don’t allow these Papists into the United States; don’t allow these Irish, who are opposed to the rule of Great Britain on their is-land, and they actually stood up and fought against Great Britain. 
The words back then, like some of 
the words today, come from a place of fear and hatred. I do not want to stand by quietly and see the victims of ter-rorism and torture be demonized just so people will have talking points for the local evening news. We are better than this. 
The bill my colleague, the junior 
Senator the from Texas, introduced an hour ago would prevent refugee protec-tion for virtually all nationals of Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Syria, and Yemen, re-gardless of how much they have suf-fered at the hands of terrorists and des-pots. Women fleeing gang rapes and children fleeing horrors we cannot even imagine would be closed off. 
A few weeks ago the world came to-
gether, stunned and heartbroken over the image of a 3-year-old Syrian child’s lifeless body washed up on a Turkish beach. His tragic death focused our at-tention on the desperate plight of so many Syrians who have fled the horror of ISIS and Bashar al-Assad. 
We called it the humanitarian issue 
of the day. We called forth images of our Statue of Liberty and our proud history as a land of refuge for those fleeing persecution. I heard so many on this floor as well as from commenta-tors in the news. Those who call now for us to slam our doors on even prop-erly vetted Syrian and other refugees should remember that the people we will shut out are those very children who touched our hearts just weeks ago. 
Of course, we are horrified by what 
happened in Beirut and Paris, and we need an effective, thoughtful strategy for countering ISIS and other terrorist organizations. That is what we should be debating. What we have done so far is not working, and we should be talk-ing about how more countries should be involved in this fight. ISIS is our enemy; the people fleeing ISIS are not. 
In fact, we have had discussions 
about other things that could be done. Somebody who is on a terrorist watch list but who is in this country legally can go to a gun show and buy all the automatic weapons they want, and they break no law. They can buy all the ammunition they want, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.010 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8117 November 19, 2015 
break no law. They can go to the store, 
as did one of the greatest terrorists this country faced—the man who did the Oklahoma city bombing—and buy the components of a bomb, and they break no law. These are the things we ought to be discussing. 
I do not understand why Senator 
C
RUZ is on the Senate floor seeking 
unanimous consent to pass this bill. This very bill is on the Judiciary Com-mittee agenda, and the committee is currently considering it and needed im-provements to it. 
When the Senate Judiciary Com-
mittee debates this bill, we will have a lot to discuss. This legislation affects constitutional rights, and should be carefully vetted by the judiciary com-mittee. Serious constitutional con-cerns have been raised by voices from across the political spectrum—from the National Review to the ACLU. 
Just yesterday I received a letter 
from former NRA president David Keene and Georgetown Law professor David Cole, in their roles with The Constitution Project. They urge oppo-sition to this bill because it ‘‘serves virtually no practical purpose, raises serious constitutional concerns, and would do nothing to keep America safe.’’ These are strong words, and I take these concerns seriously. Rushing a bill to the floor when that very bill is already scheduled for consideration by the committee of jurisdiction is not a responsible approach to legislating. And when legislation involves some-thing as fundamental as citizenship, we should give the judiciary committee an opportunity to consider and debate this bill before it is brought to the Senate floor. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD sev-
eral articles relating to the topic at hand. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THECONSTITUTION PROJECT , 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. 
Hon. C HUCK GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Senate Judiciary Committee, Hart 
Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
Hon. P ATRICK J. L EAHY , 
Ranking Member, Senate Judiciary Committee, 
Russell Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN GRASSLEY , RANKING MEM-
BERLEAHY , ANDJUDICIARY COMMITTEE MEM-
BERS : On January 22, 2015, Senator Ted Cruz 
(R–TX) introduced S. 247, the Expatriate Ter-rorists Act (ETA). Representative Steve King (R–IA) simultaneously introduced com-panion legislation in the House. According to the bill’s sponsors, the ETA is a common sense counterterrorism tool that would strip U.S. citizenship from Americans who fight with or support foreign terrorist organiza-tions working to attack the United States. The ETA would also purportedly ‘‘fill . . . statutory holes’’ in the Secretary of State’s ‘‘authority to revoke a terrorist’s passport.’’ 
In fact, the ETA serves virtually no prac-
tical purpose, raises serious constitutional concerns, and would do nothing to keep America safe. We urge you to oppose it. 
Like previous iterations of the same idea, 
the ETA would amend 8 U.S.C. 1481(a), which sets out limited circumstances under which 
U.S. citizens can be denaturalized or expatri-ated. The bill would add the following to the short list of predicate acts that can result in loss of citizenship: 1) taking an oath of alle-
giance to a foreign terrorist organization; 2) joining a foreign terrorist organization’s armed forces while they are fighting the United States; and 3) ‘‘becoming a member of, or providing training or material assist-ance to,’’ a foreign terrorist organization. 
The ETA also amends the Passport Act of 
1926 to require the Secretary of State to deny a passport to, or revoke one from, any-one who the Secretary has determined is a member, or is attempting to become a mem-ber, of a foreign terrorist organization. 
Senator Cruz has said repeatedly that the 
ETA works a ‘‘formal’’ or ‘‘affirmative’’ re-nunciation of U.S. citizenship. To the extent he means to suggest that, under the bill, a person would automatically lose citizenship simply by engaging in the above conduct, he is wrong. The ETA does not and could not achieve that result. 
Citizenship is a constitutional right, and 
the Constitution prohibits the government from revoking a person’s citizenship against his will under any circumstances. As the Su-preme Court has explained, ‘‘the intent of the Fourteenth Amendment, among other things, was to define citizenship . . . [and] that definition cannot coexist with a con-gressional power to specify acts that work a renunciation of citizenship even absent an intent to renounce. In the last analysis, ex-patriation depends on the will of the citizen rather than on the will of Congress and its assessment of his conduct.’’ As a constitu-tional right, citizenship can be knowingly and voluntarily waived, but it cannot be taken away from an individual absent such a waiver. Thus, to revoke a person’s citizen-ship the government must prove not only that he committed an expatriating act pre-scribed in section 1481(a), but also that he did so voluntarily and with the specific in-tent to relinquish his citizenship. 
Given these requirements, the ETA will al-
most certainly result in no additional expa-triations. Unless Senator Cruz expects citi-zens subject to expatriation proceedings freely to admit that they joined or supported a foreign terrorist group specifically intend-ing to renounce their U.S. citizenship, no one will in fact be expatriated. We doubt that government officials would believe it an effi-cient use of resources to try, especially given the broad reach of existing laws that already provide harsh penalties for U.S. citizens who engage in acts of terrorism. 
The bill’s passport revocation provisions 
are similarly unnecessary. There is no ‘‘stat-utory hole’’ to fill—the Secretary of State already has the authority to deny a passport to anyone whose ‘‘activities abroad are caus-ing or are likely to cause serious damage to the national security or the foreign policy of the United States,’’ and to revoke a passport on the same grounds. 
Not only is the bill practically useless, it 
also raises serious constitutional concerns. The ETA makes membership in or ‘‘pro-viding training or material assistance to’’ certain foreign terrorist organizations a predicate act to expatriation. There are two constitutional problems with this provision. First, neither ‘‘training’’ nor ‘‘material as-sistance’’ is defined. Similar language in 18 U.S.C. 2339B was ruled unconstitutionally vague until Congress added specific defini-tions. Because Congress has not done so here, this provision of the ETA suffers from the same constitutional flaw. 
Second, unlike other crimes currently list-
ed in section 1481(a) that can result in loss of citizenship (see section 1481(a)(7)), Senator Cruz’s addition does not require proof of a conviction as a prerequisite. That omission 
undermines the constitutional right of due process. As the Constitution Project’s Lib-erty and Security Committee explained in opposing similar past attempts to amend section 1481(a): 
[T]he language of 1481(a)(7) expressly re-
quires a conviction as a necessary pre-requisite to denaturalization or expatriation proceedings. This requirement protects the constitutional right of due process, since one cannot actually be said to have committed the acts specified in 1481(a)(7)—each of which are crimes against the United States—until and unless those acts have been proven to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt. As the Su-preme Court expressly held in Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, Congress cannot deprive an individual of his or her citizenship as a ‘‘punishment’’ absent the procedural safe-guards of a criminal trial. 
The rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and 
the Levant (ISIL) and the United States’ re-sponse to date raises a critical question for Congress to consider, but it is not the ETA. For well over a year, the United States has been at war with ISIL and Congress has still not weighed in, notwithstanding its con-stitutional responsibility to do so. Members should spend their time debating and voting on this grave question, not preoccupied with needless and likely unconstitutional legisla-tion. 
We urge you to oppose the Expatriate Ter-
rorists Act. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVID COLE, 
Hon. George J. Mitch-
ell, Professor in Law and Public Policy at Georgetown Univer-sity Law Center; co- chair of the Con-stitution Project’s Liberty and Security Committee 
D
AVID KEENE , 
Opinion Editor, The 
Washington Times; Former Chairman, American Conserv-ative Union; co- chair of the Con-stitution Project’s Liberty and Security Committee. 
[From the National Review, Jan. 28, 2015] 
HOWNOTTOFIGHT TERRORISM  
(By Gabriel Malor) 
Representative Steve King and Senators 
Ted Cruz and Chuck Grassley have reintro-duced the Expatriate Terrorist Act, a bill to strip U.S. citizenship from terrorists. The proposal sounds nice in theory, but it is also unconstitutional and unnecessary, the latest in a sad line of civil-liberties infringements justified by politicians trying to look tough in the war on terrorism. Even if the bill did not have these fatal infirmities, it would put the determination of who will retain their citizenship in the hands of unelected bureau-crats at the Departments of Justice, State, and Homeland Security. On that ground alone, all Americans should unite in opposi-tion. 
The idea to strip citizenship from terror-
ists is not a new one. In 2010, Senators Joe Lieberman and Scott Brown introduced simi-lar legislation, dubbed the Terrorist Expa-triation Act. Their bill would have amended the list of expatriating acts in the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to include material assistance to foreign terrorist organizations. Legal scholars and civil libertarians pointed out that the bill was neither necessary nor constitutional, and ultimately it died. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.011 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8118 November 19, 2015 
The new bill put forward by King, Cruz, 
and Grassley goes further, adding member-ship, training, and oaths of allegiance to the list of expatriating acts. They claim that this legislation is necessary to protect the homeland from radicalized citizen-terrorists returning from abroad. 
But citizenship is not a mere privilege. It 
is a right specifically protected by the Con-stitution. Congress cannot simply decide that individuals lose their citizenship when they commit certain acts. Rather, to strip a person’s citizenship requires that the govern-ment prove not only that he committed an 
act deemed expatriating by Congress but that he did so knowingly and voluntarily and with the intent to relinquish his citizenship. In the words of Justice White, writing for the Supreme Court when this issue was set-tled decades ago, ‘‘in the last analysis, expa-triation depends on the will of the citizen rather than on the will of Congress and its assessment of his conduct.’’ 
Senator Cruz’s claim that his bill would 
make the act of becoming a terrorist an ‘‘af-firmative renunciation’’ of citizenship is deeply misleading. To be constitutional, ex-patriation can be accomplished only by in-tent to relinquish, something that Cruz, a lawyer and litigator of great skill, should al-ready know. And if he doesn’t mean what he is saying, he owes it to the American public to tell us how he believes the law would op-erate or if it would even be practicable at all. 
On the issue of deception, King, Cruz, and 
Grassley say the statutory change targets dangerous terrorist fighters who try to re-turn to the United States from abroad. The plain language of the proposed legislation, however, is not limited to those who actu-ally take up arms. It applies to anyone who merely claims membership in a terrorist or-ganization or gives an oath, training, or ma-terial assistance to terrorists, regardless of whether he actually fights. And it is not lim-ited just to terrorists abroad; any of those actions taken inside the United States would also trigger the citizenship-stripping provi-sion under the express terms of the legisla-tion, leading to the deplorable circumstance of creating stateless terrorists within the ju-risdictional boundaries of the United States. 
This is assuming the courts actually credit 
King, Cruz, and Grassley’s stated security purpose for proposing the law. If the courts were to decide that the expatriation of ter-rorists was intended to be a punitive act rather than a security measure, a different and more stringent series of constitutional prohibitions come into play, including the Fifth and Sixth Amendment protections for criminal defendants. 
King, Cruz, and Grassley are selling fear to 
justify an unconstitutional deprivation of rights, and they are doing it for no good rea-son. If the U.S. government has enough in-formation to identify citizen-terrorists abroad and intercept them on their at-tempted return, it has enough information to bring criminal prosecutions against those individuals for terrorism when they try to reenter the United States. The authority to intercept and detain such individuals has al-ready been granted by Congress to the De-partment of Homeland Security. The Depart-ment of Justice, of course, also has the au-thority to prosecute such individuals. And so the stated purpose for the proposed legisla-tion is dubious, since the government’s re-sponsibility for intercepting returning ter-rorists is settled law, which has a side ben-efit of being constitutional. 
Even if this legislation were passed into 
law, because of its constitutional infirmity it would never work as billed by its pro-ponents. Instead, it would mobilize an army of bureaucrats at Justice, State, and Home-land Security to start sniping away at Amer-icans’ rights of citizenship and travel. For 
example, the Justice Department gets to des-ignate or decline to designate foreign ter-rorist organizations and so controls the de-termination of who is subjected to losing his citizenship. State Department officials have the authority to determine who gets sent ex-patriation certificates. And Homeland Secu-rity customs and border officers are respon-sible for detaining and paroling or removing non-citizens, including expatriated former citizens, who attempt entry to the United States. 
All of these bureaucratic acts are subject 
to abuse. For that reason they are also sub-ject to various types of administrative and judicial challenge, which typically drag on for years at great cost. Such litigation and the bureaucratic infrastructure to support it would be for questionable benefit in light of the alternate means already in place to intercept terrorists. 
In short, the Expatriate Terrorist Act is a 
constitutionally suspect law. Well-estab-lished programs for intercepting terrorists attempting to enter the United States al-ready exist. At best, the proposed bill would greatly increase the power of government to use and abuse its discretion to meddle with American lives. It does not represent a gen-uine attempt to better our national security. On the contrary, it is merely the latest in a series of questionable infringements of civil liberties proposed by politicians eager to ex-ploit the public’s fear of terrorism. 
AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, 
Washington, DC, November 18, 2015. 
Re Oppose Senator Ted Cruz’s Request for 
Unanimous Consent on S. 247, the Expa-triate Terrorists Act, which Strips U.S. Citizenship without Due Process and based on Suspicion 
V
OTE‘‘NO’’ ONS. 247 ASUNCONSTITUTIONAL  
S. 247 STRIPS AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP BASED ON  
MERE SUSPICION BY AN UNNAMED GOVERN -
MENT OFFICIAL  
DEAR SENATOR : The American Civil Lib-
erties Union strongly urges you to oppose S. 247, the Expatriate Terrorists Act, which is sponsored by Senator Ted Cruz. The bill would strip U.S. citizenship from Americans who have not been convicted of any crimes, but who are merely suspected by an unnamed government official of wrongdoing. 
S. 247 is dangerous because it would at-
tempt to dilute the rights and privileges of citizenship, one of the core principles of the Constitution. As the Supreme Court ex-plained in 1967 in Afroyim v. Rusk, ‘‘the Fourteenth Amendment was designed to, and 
does, protect every citizen of this Nation against a congressional forcible destruction of his citizenship, whatever his creed, color, or race . . . [It creates] a constitutional right to remain a citizen in a free country unless he voluntarily relinquishes that citi-zenship.’’ The bill is also unnecessary be-cause existing laws already provide signifi-cant penalties for U.S. citizens who engage in acts of terrorism. 
An already unconstitutional federal stat-
ute, 8 U.S.C. §1481, provides that an Amer-ican can lose his or her citizenship by per-forming either of the following broad cat-egories of acts with the intention of relin-quishing his or her nationality: 
acts that affirmatively renounce one’s 
American citizenship, such as taking an oath of allegiance to a foreign government or serving as an officer in the armed forces of a foreign nation; or 
committing crimes such as treason or con-
spiracy to overthrow the U.S. government, or bearing arms against the United States, ‘‘if and when [the citizen] is convicted there-of by a court martial or by a court of com-petent jurisdiction.’’ S. 247 would add a new category of expa-
triating acts—‘‘Becoming a member of, or providing training or material assistance to, any foreign terrorist organization designated under Section 219.’’ This implicates several constitutional concerns. 
First, the material assistance provision 
added by the bill would treat suspected pro-vision of material assistance as an act that affirmatively renounces one’s American citi-zenship. Thus, unlike treason or conspiracy to overthrow the U.S. government, this pro-vision would not require a prior conviction. It would only require an administrative find-ing by an unspecified government official that an American citizen is suspected of pro-viding material assistance to a designated foreign terrorist organization with the inten-tion of relinquishing his or her citizenship. 
Second, this provision would violate Amer-
icans’ constitutional right to due process, in-cluding by depriving them of citizenship based on secret evidence, and without the right to a jury trial and accompanying pro-tections enshrined in the Fifth and Sixth Amendments. In sum, the bill turns the whole notion of due process on its head. Gov-ernment officials do not have the power to strip citizenship from American citizens who never renounced their citizenship and were never convicted of a crime. 
Third, the material assistance provision 
suffers from the same constitutional flaws that plague other material support laws, and 
goes far beyond what the Supreme Court has held is constitutionally permissible when First and Fourth Amendments rights are at stake. In 2010, the Supreme Court disappoint-ingly ruled in Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project that teaching terrorist groups how to negotiate peacefully could be enough to be found guilty of material support. Even if that logic might apply to criminal conduct, it should not cause an American to lose his or her citizenship. 
For these reasons, the ACLU urges you to 
oppose S. 247. Please contact Chris Anders at canders@aclu.org or (202) 675–2308, if you have any questions regarding this letter. 
Sincerely, 
K
ARIN JOHANSON , 
Director, Washington 
Legislative Office. 
CHRISTOPHER ANDERS , 
Senior Legislative 
Counsel, Wash-ington Legislative Office. 
Mr. LEAHY. I reserve my time, and I 
yield the floor. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how 
much time remains on each side? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
3 minutes on the Democratic side and 2 minutes on the Republican side. 
The assistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me 
say at the outset the initial unanimous consent request made by the junior Senator from Texas was a bill which he had pending before the Senate Judici-ary Committee today. He did not at-tend that meeting of the Senate Judici-ary Committee. I wish he had. I think we should have all been there if we wanted to take this up and debate it. I objected on behalf of Senator L
EAHY  
and myself, and the Senator has spo-ken to the reasons for that objection. 
Let me address the second part of 
this bill relative to refugees. We will reflect in years to come about what happened in this world in the last week and 10 days. We will reflect on the ter-rible tragedy that occurred in Paris, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.002 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8119 November 19, 2015 
France, and in Beirut and other na-
tions, which was led by the ISIS terror-ists. We will reflect on those poor vic-tims who died as a result of their ter-rorist acts. And we will also reflect on acts of heroism and wisdom that emerged from this terrible tragedy, heroism on the ground in Paris and other places by those who defied these terrorists and those who risked their lives to bring those responsible to jus-tice, and the wisdom and compassion shown by leaders around the world not to exploit this situation. 
When President Hollande of France 
announced that his country would re-ceive 35,000 refugees after this attack, he made it clear that he would not hold those innocent, helpless refugees ac-countable for the terrible misdeeds of these terrorists. When the nation of Canada said they would accept thou-sands of refugees, even after the Paris attack, they showed the wisdom and good sense to differentiate those help-less victims of terrorism around the world who are seeking refuge on our shores from those who perpetrated these terrorist acts. Then listen to the debate on Capitol Hill. Listen to the unanimous consent requests made this morning by the junior Senator from Texas. It is not consistent with that ethic. It is not consistent with those values. 
To say we will accept only refugees 
who are the victims of genocide would close the doors to Cuban refugees who came to the United States, trying to escape all of communism and what it meant to their families. It would have closed the doors to Soviet Jews per-secuted in that country who were look-ing for freedom and came to the United States as refugees. I can list countless others who were not the victims of genocide, but they were the victims of persecution, they were from war-torn countries, and they were the victims, as Senator L
EAHY has said, of gang 
rape and terrorism. 
Listen to what has been said on the 
other side of the Rotunda and in this Chamber today. It does not merit the kind of appreciation of American val-ues that we insist on when we make these critical decisions. In time of war, in time of attack, sometimes rash deci-sions are made. I predict that in the course of history, as people in the fu-ture reflect on what happened in the Senate and the House of Representa-tives this week, they will hope that saner voices will prevail. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Texas. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Vermont spoke against over-heated rhetoric and in the very next breath accused me of being anti-Amer-ican, echoing the attack President Obama gave standing on the soil of Turkey. Let me say that speaking the truth is not terrorism. 
My Democratic friends invoked their 
Irish and Italian grandparents. Well, when my Irish and Italian grand-parents came to this country, they did 
not pose a terrorist threat because they were not seeking to murder inno-cent citizens. When my Cuban father came as a refugee, he was not a ter-rorist threat seeking to murder inno-cent citizens. This is an example of the Democratic Party’s refusal to acknowl-edge the qualitative difference. Per-haps if they cannot see it, they can hear it, because in 2009 the Obama ad-ministration released Abu al-Baghdadi, the leader of ISIS. As he was being re-leased, Abu al-Baghdadi turned to Army COL Kenneth King and said: See you in New York. 
ISIS intends to murder Americans, 
and if the Democratic Party cannot distinguish between ISIS terrorists and Irish and Italian and Jewish and Cuban immigrants, then they are ignoring re-ality. 
I would note that the Expatriate Ter-
rorist Act is very, very similar to legis-lation that was introduced in 2010 by Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman and Senator Scott Brown, both of whom apparently, under the view of the Senator from Vermont, are un- 
American as well. I would note that at the time, then-Senator Hillary Clinton said about legislation virtually iden-tical to my legislation: 
United States citizenship is a privilege. It 
is not a right. People who are serving foreign powers—or in this case foreign terrorists— are clearly in violation of the oath which they swore when they became citizens. 
Yet President Obama and the Sen-
ator from Vermont apparently now consider Hillary Clinton’s statement to be un-American. It is the essence of being American to say the Commander in Chief should protect the safety and security of this country. 
I would note that the assistant 
Democratic leader invoked President Hollande in France. President Hollande said he would support stripping French citizenship. We should protect our-selves every bit as much as the other nations on Earth. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator’s time has ex-
pired. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2577, which 
the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations 
for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Collins/Reed amendment No. 2812, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Collins/Reed amendment No. 2813 (to 
amendment No. 2812), to make a technical amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST FRANCE AND  
SYRIAN REFUGEES  
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
wish to speak about Friday night for a few moments. In Connecticut, on Fri-day night the world really did stop. Thousands of people in my State watched their television set or their smartphone as images like this one poured in from the blood-soaked streets of Paris: horrific reports, scores dead, more badly wounded. Deep down, in Connecticut, we ached deeply for Paris’s loss. Maybe it is because for those of us who hail from the former 
colonies, we feel a special sense of brotherhood with the French. In my boyhood town of Wethersfield, CT, I grew up a stone’s throw from the tav-ern where Washington and Rocham-beau met to plan their campaign against the British. We pain for France because of 250 years of friendship and also because we know, unfortunately, exactly what they are going through. That ominous sense of familiarity and that perverse bond among nations that have been visited by mass terrorist at-tack are part of the reason why we ached so acutely on Friday night, over the weekend, and into this week. 
But also, these pictures cause us pain 
because we fear this isn’t the end of the mass slaughter. We grieve because the massive scale of this particular attack, on a nation that already had its an-tenna tuned for a potential attack, made us realize how vulnerable we still are today to a similar assault. The threat of another large-scale extremist attack just became so much more real for millions of Americans who had, frankly, begun to settle into an under-standable comfortable complacency, a decade and a half since that last major terrorist attack just miles from Con-necticut’s border. 
In Connecticut, to be honest, people 
are mad and they are scared. Having watched all of this coverage, I under-stand why. But images such as this also move the people of my State. These are two little kids, Ralia and Rahaf, 7 and 13 years old. This is where they sleep at night, on the streets of Beirut. They went there from Damas-cus after their mother and their broth-er were killed by a grenade. Along with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.013 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8120 November 19, 2015 
their dad, they have been sleeping on 
the streets for over a year. Rahaf, who is 13, says she is scared of the ‘‘bad boys’’ in Beirut on those streets at night. When she talks about that, Ralia starts crying. 
I don’t want to cast with a broad 
brush all of the people of my State, but I think I can safely say that their hearts ache for pictures like this, for images such as the one of the 3-year- old boy—just about the same age as my youngest son—who washed up limp and dead on the beach in Turkey. My neighbors are not comfortable living in a country that simply turns its back on little kids who have been ravaged by torture and rape, dying from barrel bombs and executions and slipshod es-cape vessels. 
There has been a lot that has dis-
turbed me about the debate here in Washington, across the country, and on the cable news channels since Friday’s massacre: the hyperpartisanship, the concern for one religion over another, the refusal to wait for facts before jumping to policy conclusions. 
Maybe what has disappointed me the 
most is the suggestion that the people in my State or the people of this coun-try or this Congress need to make a choice between acting on concern for this image or acting out of concern for this image. The suggestion is that if your priority is protecting us from a Paris-style attack, you can’t show compassion for those two little kids. If you want to show compassion for these innocents, then you compromise na-tional security. 
Here is the truth: Not only are these 
two priorities not mutually exclusive, they are actually interdependent. There is simply no choice to be made between protecting this country and helping the victims of terror. We can take steps together—Republicans and Democrats—to make sure terrorists do not get into this country, and we can continue in the best traditions of America to be, as our Statue of Liberty says, a home for ‘‘your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.’’ How do I arrive at this conclusion that we can do both, that we can protect our coun-try and respond to the victims of terror in Syria? First, I asked the questions my constituents are asking: How can we be sure refugees fleeing Syria aren’t going to pose a risk to the security of the people who live in my State in Con-necticut? 
Yesterday I sat through two exhaus-
tive briefings to seek the answer to this question, and here is what I learned. There is no one who comes to the United States, in any immigration category, that receives a more com-prehensive and exhaustive background check than refugees: biometrics, inter-national background checks, inter-views, fingerprints—a process that takes anywhere from 18 months to 2 years to make sure we get it right. It is exhaustive, and it is probably why of the nearly 2,000 Syrian refugees who are resettled in the United States this year, not a single one has been con-
nected to terrorist activity. The other reason for this, as I learned yesterday, is because the profile of the refugees we are prioritizing for entry into the United States tells the story as well. We largely bring women and children, the frail and the sick, those who have been beaten, raped or tortured by ter-rorists—the ones who simply cannot survive in the refugee camps. It means that of all the Syrians who are already here, only 2 percent of them are young, single males. We aren’t bringing into the United States the type of people who fit the profile of those who could pose a danger to us. 
The second reason I have concluded 
that ending the refugee program really will not make us safer is because of conversations I have had with experts about the nature of ISIS itself. I don’t think you can argue that ISIS has been contained. Paris showed us ISIS can be lethal anywhere, anytime. Over the past year, ISIS has proffered two nar-ratives to its recruits. The first is that this so-called caliphate is expanding. It is an unstoppable, inexorable force that challenges young Muslims to get on board now before it overtakes them by force. The second is this narrative that there is a war between the West that is 
left over from Iraq, left over from Af-ghanistan, left over from the aftermath of Sykes-Picot, left over from the Cru-sades. It is this idea that the Western World is out to destroy the East, they argue, and we have to fight for our sur-vival. 
The first narrative is still strong, but 
it is not strong as it used to be. ISIS isn’t expanding its territory in the Middle East anymore. They have 25 percent less territory than they did last year at this time. The second ini-tiative now actually becomes more im-portant, and the Paris attacks are evi-dence of this. Indiscriminate attacks on civilians in a place like Paris are designed, in part, to provoke a response from the West to feed this argument over a clash of civilizations. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t respond, it doesn’t mean we shouldn’t respond forcefully, but it should wake us up to the reality of the necessity of this us- versus-them narrative that is essential to the growth of ISIS. The story of the Christian world’s marginalization of the Muslim world is the nourishment that feeds the growth of ISIS. 
That is what makes our response to 
the Syrian humanitarian disaster interwoven into our strategy to defeat ISIS. Turning our back on those who have been tortured and raped and bat-tered and beaten by Bashar al-Assad, after having welcomed massive refugee flows from Cuba and Vietnam and Bos-nia, feeds straight into this radical Sunni argument that we are at war with Islam. Imagine the glee in Raqqa when they see postings of American politicians arguing we should take Syr-ian refugees but only the Christian ones and not the Muslim ones. That is a story line that is an ISIS recruiter’s dream. None of this is to suggest we 
shouldn’t be taking the fight to ISIS in Syria and Iraq. I have been a vocal sup-porter of the thousands of bombing runs by American planes, of our efforts to support the Iraqi Army and the Peshmerga as they seek to kill as many ISIS fighters as possible. Fight-ing ISIS inside Syria and Iraq is abso-
lutely necessary in order to defeat them. So we engage in that fight with the knowledge that our involvement may also help with recruitment. We weigh the benefit against the cost and we fight. 
When it comes to turning away the 
victims of terror inside Syria, if we are able to build a system that screens out any Syrians who pose a threat to the United States, then the meager benefit can never outweigh the costs of feeding this anti-Muslim narrative. Now that narrative is more important than ever to sustain ISIS. 
Here is the most important point to 
make. The people I represent don’t be-lieve we can just stand still in the wake of Paris, even if they believe the screening program is robust enough. They may be convinced of this, but they are certainly right that we can’t accept the status quo. My worry over the past week is that this hyperfocus on the refugee program that has only brought in 2,000 immigrants last year— mostly women and children—misses the forest for the trees. 
The Visa Waiver Program brings in 
20 million people a year—not 2,000—20 million people. It has background checks, too, but nothing like what is applied to refugees. There is a good reason for this difference, because the countries that are part of the Visa Waiver Program are our allies—coun-tries we can generally rely on—but with several of the Paris attackers bearing EU passports, making them el-igible for the Visa Waiver Program, this sense of security we have had with these countries has been shattered. If we want to have a real conversation about changing our immigration laws to better protect this country, then fo-cusing on 20 million lightly vetted visi-tors rather than 2,000 highly vetted visitors sounds like the better ap-proach. 
There is absolutely room to make the 
Visa Waiver Program stronger. There are a myriad of security information sharing agreements between the United States and Europe and among coun-tries within Europe that have not been executed. Now is the time to demand that these agreements, like the um-brella law enforcement agreement be-tween the EU and the United States, be executed, be signed. Now is the time for both the United States and Europe to require that every EU nation mod-ernize their protocols for uploading law enforcement and anti-terrorism infor-mation onto the databases that we use to compile our no-fly list. If these agreements aren’t signed or these pro-tocols aren’t updated, then we need to consider whether an unreformed Visa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.014 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8121 November 19, 2015 
Waiver Program is still in our national 
interests. 
If our goal is really to keep America 
safe from infiltration of terrorist groups, this reform is the most impor-tant one we can make to our immigra-tion system, and it should bring to-gether Republicans and Democrats. 
Every day that I go home to my 7- 
year-old and my 4-year-old, I am re-minded that my most sacred duty here is to enact policy that keeps them safe and keeps my constituents safe. The hundreds of calls and emails that my office has received since Friday rein-forces for me this commitment, but I live in a nation like no other. I live in the United States of America, a nation that in the late 1800s had emerged from Civil War to become a beacon for the oppressed and the repressed all over the world and millions showed up on our shores—people like my Irish and Polish ancestors—and a nation that was spreading its wings over the world, beginning to understand the impact for good that we could have. It was during that time that the poet Emma Lazarus called America ‘‘The New Colossus.’’ The feeling was that we were capable of a greatness, a bigness of both achieve-ment and heart that the world had never witnessed and exceptionalism, one that still burns bright today. 
The argument that America cannot 
both protect itself and protect those who are fleeing terrorism feels so small. It feels so contrary to this idea of exceptionalism that has been at the foundation, at the root of the Amer-ican story. It feels very weak. In fact, the moments where we have made choices solely out of fear to marginalize others are moments we now regret. We interred Japanese Americans in camps because we were at war with Japan or hesitated to take Jewish refugees fleeing the Nazis out of fear that some might be spies. In hind-sight those measures did not reflect on who we really are as a nation. 
The America I live in does not settle 
for false choices that make America look and feel small or powerless. We can save the terrorized and protect 
ourselves from being terrorized at the same time. In fact, we have to do the former to accomplish the latter. In doing so we can come together as a Congress and as a country to make good policy and to recall that sense of American exceptionalism that caused Emma Lazarus’s poem to end up on a statue that was sent as a present to the United States from France as a re-minder of our unbreakable bond with them. 
I yield the floor. Ms. COLLINS. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that at 2 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following nomi-nations: Calendar Nos. 366 through 371; that the Senate vote on the nomina-tions without intervening action or de-bate; that following disposition of the nominations, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, for 
the information of our colleagues, we are making good progress in clearing a number of amendments that have sup-port on both sides of the aisle. I expect we will be able to proceed with an amendment offered by Senator C
ORNYN  
and Senator R EIDshortly, and in the 
meantime I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up my amendment No. 2844. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, over 1,000 Americans have called my office in the last couple of days, and they are very concerned about admitting people from the Middle East when we are not sure what their intentions are. The Boston bombers were here under the refugee program, and two Iraqi refugees came to my State with the intent to buy Stinger missiles. 
I have asked for a very simple 
amendment. I ask unanimous consent to have an amendment placed in the queue for a vote that lets the American people vote on whether we want to bring more people here from the Middle East and whether we are doing an ade-quate job of screening these people. I think having a vote on that is a rea-sonable request, and therefore, until I am allowed to have a vote for which I think the American people are clam-oring, I will continue to object. 
I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. PAUL. Madam President, I also 
ask unanimous consent to bring for-ward my amendment to limit and end 
the subsidized housing for new people who come here from the Middle East. My amendment is No. 2843, and I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to set aside the current business and bring my amendment forward. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, on 
behalf of myself and the ranking mem-ber of the subcommittee, Senator R
EED, I object. We are in a process 
where we are trying to clear amend-ments, and we are making good progress on this bill. I understand Sen-ator P
AUL has raised an issue that is 
issue, but it does not belong on this bill and indeed would result in this bill not progressing. 
We are trying to get back to regular 
order on the appropriations process. With cooperation, I am confident we could finish this important appropria-tions bill today. We could show the American people that we can govern and fund essential transportation and housing programs that are included in this bill. By and large, we have had ex-cellent bipartisan cooperation. I was hoping we could move to the amend-ment offered by the Senator from Texas—a member of the Republican leadership—and cosponsored by the Senate Democratic leader. It is an amendment that I believe we could dis-pense with quickly, and we would then be able to continue to work through the amendments on this bill. 
Since the amendment from the Sen-
ator from Kentucky would grind this bill to a halt and does not belong on this bill—and there will be other oppor-tunities to deal with this issue because the House is going to be passing legis-lation this week dealing with the issues raised by the Senator from Ken-tucky—I will object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
agree with the senior Senator from Maine and the bill manager that the concerns Senator P
AUL has raised, 
which are shared by many of us as far as the adequacy of the screening proc-ess for the refugees coming to our country, is a serious matter. It is a matter, as the Senator from Maine has said, that will be voted on today, and my prediction is that there will be broad bipartisan support for the addi-tional security measures contained in that bill. 
This is a transportation bill, and it is 
very important for us to get our work done, and unfortunately that is appear-ing more and more difficult. 
If I could say a word about my 
amendment because this is an impor-tant matter to me and to my State, as well as to other States. My amendment would direct the Secretary of Trans-portation to conduct cost-benefit de-terminations for new airports which are seeking entry into the federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.016 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8122 November 19, 2015 
tower program but have been unneces-
sarily prohibited by the Federal Avia-tion Administration. The FAA’s cur-rent moratorium on accepting new air-ports negatively impacts airport spon-sors that have already submitted their applications to the FAA, including the North Texas Regional Airport in Gray-son County, TX. I know there are air-ports like that around the country, which is why this amendment has such broad bipartisan support. 
This amendment would simply re-
quire the Secretary of Transportation to process applications that have al-ready been submitted—in some cases years ago—but have been punished by this arbitrary administrative delay. It would not have any negative impact on any current contract tower airports and would only allow new airports to be admitted to the program if funds are available. 
I am grateful to Senator C
OLLINS and 
Senator R EEDfor their favorable con-
sideration of this amendment, and I hope we can work through the objec-tion raised by the Senator from Ken-tucky so we can process this legisla-tion and pass it in the near future. 
NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH  
Madam President, on another note, I 
wanted to say a few words about Na-tional Adoption Month. 
Yesterday, Senator G
RASSLEY , the 
chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, convened a very important hearing on the subject of international adoptions; specifically, ensuring that the process—which at times can be bogged down in bureaucratic redtape and take an excruciatingly long time to complete—remains a priority for this administration. 
Last year, if my recollection serves 
me correctly, there were about 22,000 intercountry adoptions. In other words, there were families here in the United States who wanted to adopt these chil-dren who, in many circumstances, have very poor prospects in the countries where they were born. 
As I said, this is National Adoption 
Month. I am glad Senator G
RASSLEY  
enabled us to highlight the challenges of people who are trying to adopt chil-dren from, for example, the Democratic Republic of the Congo. There are about 400 adopted children the government of the Congo will not release. Yesterday, many of us, on a bipartisan basis, met with the ambassador and asked: What is the way forward for these families and these children, many of whom are in pretty poor circumstances back in their home country. 
Americans, of course, adopt not only 
children from their local communities or their State, but from literally around the world. It is something we ought to encourage. Devoted parents who make the decision to adopt ought to be commended for providing an op-portunity for a better life for a child in need and for providing support and the love that all children need and deserve. 
One of the things that struck me yes-
terday during the hearing, as we heard from the State Department, are the nu-
merous protections that are embedded within the adoption process to ensure that these internationally adopted children are placed in safe homes and how important they are for protection of these children. These measures in-clude commonsense safeguards such as thorough background checks, intensive interviews with potential parents, mul-tiple visits to the child’s future home, and, of course, proper vetting of other people who will be living under the same roof. This is important for the protection of this adopted child. 
This is a process that puts safety and 
the interests of the child first, and I think we would all agree that is ex-actly where that priority should stand: the best interests of the child first. 
So while it was reassuring to me to 
hear about these rigorous requirements that our government has put in place to protect these adopted children, I was reminded that protecting children dur-ing the placement process should not be just limited to when we are talking about adoptions. Over the last two fis-cal years, more than 95,000 unaccom-panied children have crossed our south-ern border without legal permit, the large majority of them making a per-ilous and deadly journey across thou-sands of miles from Central America. We can only imagine the horrible cir-cumstances that parents must see and the poor prospects for their own chil-dren’s future for them to turn them over to essentially criminal organiza-tions that will then ferry them, if they are lucky, from their country of origin through Mexico and into the United States. But the surge of which we are all familiar—again, 95,000 unaccom-panied children in just the last 2 years—has exposed the vulnerability of our southern border to human smug-glers and transnational criminal net-works. As a matter of fact, I asked one of the witnesses at the hearing yester-day: Are the same criminal organiza-tions that engage in human trafficking and illegal immigration and illegal im-portation of drugs—are they all the same people? 
He said: Absolutely. I don’t know how we can turn a blind 
eye to some of the illegal immigration issues and to say we are completely outraged at the drug trafficking going on between our countries or the human trafficking going on between our coun-tries when, in fact, that activity is being conducted by exactly the same criminal organizations that have one interest in mind, and it is not the best interest of the child. It is money. They view children as a commodity just as they view drugs as a commodity. 
Yesterday’s hearing showed us that 
the lack of border security can cause a humanitarian crisis that endangers the lives of children who were turned over by their parents and then smuggled into the United States. We know from numerous reports and testimony that children on this journey are preyed upon in the form of human trafficking, rape, and even murder. Many of them 
don’t even make it here because they are killed along the way, held hostage, perhaps for ransom, or otherwise as-saulted. To this day, we still have no idea how many children and parents have perished during this unprece-dented surge across our border. Once these children arrive here in the United States, I think—I would hope—we would all agree that it is our joint and collective responsibility to do what we can to protect them and ensure that they are no longer preyed upon by criminals and human traffickers. 
Current law requires that within 72 
hours of being located by law enforce-ment officials, a child be placed in the protective custody of the Department of Health and Human Services so they can be protected from the danger of abuse and exposure to forms of vio-lence. Unfortunately, current law also requires that these children be re-leased, sometimes even to nonfamily members, sometimes even to nonciti-zens, without any assurance or system-atic protections that they are being sent into a safe environment—cer-tainly nothing even remotely ap-proaching the sort of care and pre-cautions that we use when it comes to international adoptions. 
As I heard yesterday, the administra-
tion is capable of making these assur-ances in the context of international adoptions, so why would we not take steps to ensure that the same level of protection is there for these unaccom-panied children? 
During the surge of these children 
across our border in 2014, I stood right here and I posed two very important questions: Could anyone in the admin-istration say with certainty that the children being released from U.S. cus-tody were leaving with an actual fam-ily member? Believe it or not, there is no legal requirement that these chil-dren be turned over to an actual family member. Also, could the administra-tion say with certainty that none of these children have been handed over to an adult with a criminal record? 
The answer to both of these ques-
tions was and continues to be no, and that ought to shock our collective con-science. Sadly, we don’t know how many of these children have fallen into the wrong hands. 
Earlier this year, four individuals 
were indicted for their involvement in a trafficking ring that smuggled unac-companied Guatemalan children into the United States and forced them into slave labor at egg farms in Ohio. These children faced horrific conditions, in-cluding long work hours, abuse, threats, and exploitation. But even more shockingly, many of these chil-dren could have been spared if the Fed-eral Government and the Department of Health and Human Services had an adequate system for screening and vet-ting the nongovernmental sponsors for these unaccompanied children. None of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.020 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8123 November 19, 2015 
the protections—none of the protec-
tions—that are available for inter-national adoptions have been applied here to protect these children. 
The human traffickers in this case 
that I mentioned were able to gain cus-tody of these children by simply show-ing up at an HHS shelter, telling the U.S. Government that they were fam-ily friends, and submitting a fake fam-ily reunification application. This is unacceptable, and it is our duty to these children to make sure that we do a better job of protecting them, just as we do in cases of international adop-tion. 
I know that our colleague from Ohio, 
Senator P
ORTMAN , in his oversight role 
in the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is tak-ing a hard look at this process through which we move unaccompanied chil-dren out of protective custody and into the hands of potential danger—not even family members, not even citi-zens, no criminal background check, and absolutely no way to know what the government is turning these chil-dren over to. I look forward to review-ing the findings of his forthcoming re-port, and I hope we can make efforts to implement his recommendations. 
Last Congress, I was proud to be the 
author and sponsor of a piece of legisla-tion that we called Helping Unaccom-panied Alien Minors and Alleviating National Emergency Act—or the HU-MANE Act—which would require all potential sponsors of unaccompanied children to undergo a rigorous biomet-ric background and criminal history check. This is bipartisan legislation. Though there is certainly more we can do to ensure an acceptable screening process, I believe that the protections in my legislation are a good start and would make a difference. 
So I urge my colleagues, or anybody 
else who may be listening, as we reflect on National Adoption Month and the appropriate protections we put in place for international adoptions, to think about these almost 100,000 other chil-dren who have crossed our borders over the last few years and who were af-forded none of the protections that we afford adopted children. 
I truly hope we will take a com-
prehensive look at the concerns I have raised here today. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
IMMIGRATION REFORM  
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, last 
November, faced with Congress’s fail-ure to act, President Obama, through Executive action, took a courageous and practical step on immigration. Like every President since President 
Eisenhower, President Obama exer-cised his legal authority to prioritize U.S. immigration enforcement and make our system more fair and just. The most significant parts of the Presi-dent’s Executive actions were those in-tended to keep families together and give more people the opportunity to come out of the shadows. 
The President announced an expan-
sion of the successful Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, pro-gram. He also created a new Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents called DAPA. DAPA allows the undocu-mented parents of U.S.-born children to stay in this country with their fami-lies. 
Since its creation in 2012, DACA has 
given nearly 700,000 undocumented young people the opportunity to pursue their dreams through education and jobs. Sixty percent of DACA recipients have been able to find new jobs, con-tributing to our tax base and our econ-omy. Experts estimate that DACA re-cipients will contribute $230 billion to our GDP over the next decade. 
Together, the expanded DACA and 
DAPA programs will mean that around 5 million more individuals will be able to work legally, pay their taxes, and care for their families. 
While the President’s actions gen-
erated a great deal of support and ex-citement, they also generated oppo-nents who challenged these actions in court. These court challenges resulted last week in a Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals ruling that further delays help for these 5 million people in our coun-try. As Judge Carolyn King stated in her very strong dissent in the Fifth Circuit case, ‘‘a mistake has been made.’’ 
The administration is acting to 
swiftly appeal this decision to the United States Supreme Court. I am hopeful that the Supreme Court will find that the President’s actions are lawful and that justice for millions of workers and families will eventually be served. We cannot continue to be inac-tive in Congress while millions of peo-ple remain in the shadows. Yet, here we are. 
Today, politicians—from Presidential 
candidates to sitting Governors—ap-peal to our Nation’s fears in arguing against any meaningful reform of our broken immigration system. Conjuring up shadowy images fuels these fears— violent gang members from South America, terrorists from the Middle East. In their divisive rhetoric and in their rush to build walls and close our borders, they neglect the faces of those they demonize, and they forget the facts. 
The National Academies of Sciences 
recently released an authoritative look on how immigrants assimilate into the United States. That report paints a very different picture from what you will hear from Republicans on the cam-paign trail. For example, the Acad-emies found that neighborhoods with 
more immigrants have lower rates of crime and violence than comparable nonimmigrant neighborhoods, and for-eign-born men are incarcerated at 
1⁄4 
the rate of native-born Americans. 
Today’s immigrants are learning 
English just as fast as prior waves of immigrants; only our schools aren’t equipped to help them as well as they should be. Eighty-six percent of first- generation male immigrants have jobs, as do 61 percent of women. In fact, im-migrant men with the lowest education levels are more likely to have jobs than comparable groups of nonimmigrant men. 
These paint a very different picture 
than gang members and terrorists. In fact, it is clear that immigrants are an asset to our communities and our Na-tion. The vast majority of people come to America seeking a better life for themselves and their families. They work extremely hard and in many cases under very difficult cir-cumstances. 
Despite our country’s being a nation 
of immigrants and the great benefit immigration has meant to our culture and economy, immigration remains a difficult issue in America. 
Just last month we celebrated the 
50th anniversary of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965. Prior to President Johnson’s signing that law, the United States had a racially dis-criminatory quota system. In fact, prior to 1965, Asians were essentially excluded from immigrating to the United States. The 1965 law wasn’t per-fect, but it moved our system forward by focusing on family reunification— not racial quotas amounting to racial discrimination—as a guiding principle. 
Since the 1965 law, our Nation has 
benefitted greatly from the millions of immigrants from all over the world who have come here. Immigrants have built vibrant communities, become ti-tans of industry, expanded American arts and music, and strengthened our public institutions. Their positive con-tributions have changed America and what it means to be an American. 
No matter how toxic the immigra-
tion rhetoric may be right now, we can’t stop pushing to improve our bro-ken system. President Obama’s Execu-tive actions were neither a complete nor a permanent solution for immigra-tion reform, but they were positive steps forward. It has been more than 2 years since the Senate passed its com-prehensive immigration reform bill with 68 bipartisan votes. I was proud to have worked on this bill as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. 
Sadly, the House refused even to con-
sider the bill—even after Republicans released their immigration principles, acknowledging the brokenness of our immigration system. Congress remains deeply divided, and there is still no in-dication that we will be able to pass comprehensive immigration reform any time soon, leaving 11 million peo-ple in our country in the shadows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.022 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8124 November 19, 2015 
As the only immigrant serving in the 
Senate today, I remember very well my mother’s courage in bringing her three children to this country so that we could have a chance at a better life. That is what comprehensive immigra-tion reform will mean to the 11 million people living in the shadows in our country—a chance for a better life for themselves and their families. These are mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers; and they are neighbors and friends. They are not looking for handouts. They are looking for the chance for a better life, and that is the universal ap-peal of our great country. 
As leaders, we need to act to make 
real for these millions of people the promise of America. We need to pass comprehensive immigration reform soon. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to leave the bill for a couple of minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
would yield to the Senator from Okla-homa for the purpose of explaining an amendment that he has at the desk, 
and a modification—a very good amendment, I might add. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
It is my intention to ask to set aside 
the pending amendment for the pur-pose of considering the Inhofe amend-ment No. 2820, and I want to explain what this is. 
Today the National Oceanic and At-
mospheric Administration and the FAA are working on the next genera-tion radar system. We have talked about this for a long period of time. I think the Senate knows that this Sen-ator has been active in aviation for a long time, and this is something we have been working on together. The next generation radar system, called Multi-function Phased Array Radar, or MPAR, is comprised of individual radar stations capable of both air traffic tracking and weather surveillance. 
The new system will replace the mul-
tiple systems separately maintained by the FAA and NOAA and allow the con-solidation of the number of discrete radar sites in the United States by about a third and yet do a more thor-ough job. 
To support the development of the 
next generation radar, it is important for the FAA and NOAA to be working together and one not getting out in front of the other one. For that rea-son—and I think my junior Senator, who is going to be working on this, agrees—there is some concern that the FAA is getting out in front of NOAA on the selection of technology to meet both goals. We would clarify that in the amendment. 
What I will be asking for is the con-
sideration of amendment No. 2820, as modified. The modification is at the 
desk now, expressing the sense of the Senate that the FAA and NOAA con-tinue to work together so that one agency doesn’t get out ahead of the other and ensuring that the priorities of both agencies are met. Sometimes you have to get involved with the bu-reaucracies when there is more than one working on it. 
At the proper time, I will be wanting 
to do that. There is a courtesy being extended to another Member to be in-volved perhaps in this. 
So with that, I will yield the floor 
and be prepared to offer my amend-ment. 
Ms. COLLINS. I want to thank the 
Senator from Oklahoma for his cour-tesy to one of our colleagues who is on his way to the floor to repeat an earlier ritual that we went through when one of our colleagues attempted to make an amendment pending. 
So in deference to that colleague, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I 
spent some time on the floor a few minutes ago explaining an amendment that I have. It is amendment No. 2820, as modified. The modification is at the desk. It is one of those things where there is no opposition at all. 
We are trying to get to a new radar 
system that is—it is rather com-plicated. It will end up saving a lot of money and letting other people in other parts of the country—all over the country—have the radar capability they don’t have today. So it is some-thing I know that no reasonable person would object to. 
Madam President, for that reason, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendment No. 2820, as modified with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Madam President, the 
biggest issue of the day is how we pro-tect ourselves from terrorism. My amendment goes to the heart of the matter. 
Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mr. PAUL. Are we sufficiently vet-
ting those who might come here and attack us from the Middle East? 
Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield? Mr. PAUL. I don’t think we are. The 
two Boston bombers were here during the refugee program. Two Iraqi refu-gees came to my hometown—— 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, Par-
liamentary inquiry. 
Mr. PAUL. Of Bowling Green, KY. Mr. INHOFE. Parliamentary inquiry. Mr. PAUL. I have an amendment 
that is not only pertinent—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. PAUL. To the biggest issue of 
the day. I have an amendment that is germane. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. PAUL. For those who make a 
mockery of this process by saying we are going to have regular order, we are not going to have regular order—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. PAUL. Until we address the 
issues of the day on a germane amend-ment. 
I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, until 2 p.m. today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION-HUD 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, for 
the information of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I would like to explain the situation we face. First, let me say that working very closely with the ranking member of the sub-committee, my friend and colleague Senator J
ACKREED, we have been mak-
ing very good progress on this bill. 
We have a number of amendments of-
fered by Senators from both sides of the aisle that we have agreed to work out, to clear on both sides, with both managers of the bill. In some cases we have also gotten to the authorizing committees, the Budget Committee. In other words, a great deal of hard work has gone into clearing amendments that are ready to be considered, that could be accepted by voice vote or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.024 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8125 November 19, 2015 
unanimous consent or in a managers’ 
package. I am confident because of this bipartisan cooperation, because of the extraordinarily hard work of our staffs, that we could finish this appropria-tions bill today. 
Would that not be progress for the 
Senate, to be able to complete action on a bill that has vital funding for homeless veterans, for homeless youth, for disabled and low-income elderly who depend on the subsidized housing programs that are funded in this bill? This bill has important infrastructure spending. All of us are aware of the de-teriorating infrastructure, the crum-bling roads and structurally deficient bridges that we have in this country, the need for improvements in rail safe-ty, in our transit system. 
There are so many issues that are 
important to the American people. This bill funds the Community Devel-opment Block Grant Program, possibly one of the most popular programs with State and local officials for spurring economic development and job creation in their communities, but, alas, we have encountered a roadblock. As we have seen this morning, even amend-ments that have been cleared on both sides of the aisle are not being allowed to proceed. I think that is so unfortu-nate because with cooperation I am confident we could have finished work on this bill and moved to final passage today. Regrettably, that is not going to occur unless there is a change of heart. 
I do want to say I recognize there are 
other very important issues for us to deal with. The House today is taking up a bill that would deal with the screening process for refugees who come into this country. All of us recog-nize that our first obligation is the se-curity of the American people. That is not what the bill before us is dealing with, but there is action on the House side. A bill is expected to pass today with widespread bipartisan support and will be sent over for our consideration. So I think it is unfortunate that we ap-parently cannot complete action on the appropriations bill that is before us. 
However, I do want to assure my col-
leagues that we are going to continue to work on this bill. We are going to continue to review the amendments that have been filed. We are going to work with the sponsors. We are going to work with the floor managers. We are going to continue to make progress behind the scenes in the event that we find a way around this roadblock. 
In the meantime, I do want to ex-
press my appreciation to my ranking member, Senator R
EED, for his close 
cooperation on this bill. He and I intro-duced the substitute amendment joint-ly when we began work on this bill. A special thanks to our staffs who have been working night and day to clear amendments that are ready go but un-fortunately cannot be considered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, this 
whole process has been moved forward by the leadership of Chairman C
OLLINS . 
She and her staff have done an extraor-dinary job of taking the additional re-sources made available by the budget agreement and constructively focusing them towards addressing important policies in transportation and housing in the United States. 
As Chairman C
OLLINS discussed, we 
have about nine amendments—bipar-tisan amendments—that have been agreed to that focus on housing and transportation issues exclusively. These amendments also display the give-and-take and back-and-forth that is necessary, the compromise that is necessary. One example is the amend-ment that Senator C
ORNYN , along with 
Senator H ARRY REID, proposed that 
dealt with small airports throughout the United States. 
Those are the types of issues that 
should be the focal point of our delib-erations on the Transportation, Hous-ing and Urban Development appropria-tions bill, and that is what we have tried to do. Frankly, under Senator C
OLLINS ’ leadership, we were moving 
forward, but we have run into a bit of an impasse. We are going to continue to work because it is critical to the country that we rebuild our infrastruc-ture and make sure that we have ade-quate, affordable housing, which is key to so many things—to having a job, to holding a job, to children being in a school for the whole year and not mov-ing from school to school. All of these are tied directly to our efforts here today. 
I again compliment the chairman for 
her extraordinary efforts. The staffs have done a superb job. We will con-tinue to work. Our objective is to get a bill done and move forward in the proc-ess. Unfortunately, we have hit this bump, but we are still going down the road. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
f 
WASTEFUL SPENDING 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, the 
Presiding Officer has been in the chair before when I have done my waste of the week. This is my 27th ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ this year, where I come to the floor of the Senate and take a doc-umented waste, fraud, or abuse within the Federal Government, expose that abuse, and inform taxpayers that their hard-earned money is being wasted by this Federal Government. We are tak-ing those items that have been docu-mented by government accounting agencies, by agencies that have been charged with the responsibility of look-ing into how we spend the taxpayers’ money and alerting us to problems of fraud, waste, and abuse. 
So No. 27 waste of the week is up this 
week, and this week it involves the issue of paid leave. This is an executive policy which applies to departments and agencies across the Federal Gov-ernment. Specifically, what I wish to do today 
is highlight the $31 million in pay-ments to Federal employees who have received paid leave for over a 1-year pe-riod of time. For Federal employees, paid administrative leave is typically a paid, excused absence that is separate from vacation time. It includes things such as jury duty or time to allow a person to transition home after an overseas deployment or post. Some agencies also use paid leave when mak-ing personnel evaluations. This could include things such as investigations into alleged misconduct, security threats, and similar situations where the employee should be restricted from the worksite while the investigation occurs. Many of these are legitimate. Many of these fall into this category. But being given paid leave for over a year? 
First, it raises the question, What is 
going on here? This is way beyond the norm. 
Secondly, shouldn’t we have some 
documentation as to why this takes place? Currently, Federal agencies across the Federal Government have the authority to set their own policies regarding administrative leave, and this leads to a variety of different poli-cies from agency to agency. Why are there discrepancies among agencies in both length of time and the frequency of the granted paid leave? 
What is particularly troubling to me 
is that an audit by the Government Ac-countability Office, the GAO, found that 263 employees have received paid administrative leave for over a 1-year period of time—more than 1 year. Most of us expect, yes, OK, 2 days off or a week off because I have been selected for jury duty. I have a citizen’s and a resident’s obligation to do that. Paid leave is justified on that basis. For someone returning from a post over-seas, to get resettled, paid leave is jus-tified. There are some other justifica-tions. But over a year? Paid leave for over a year and $31 million paid out to people who haven’t worked for over a year? Something needs to be looked into regarding how and why that takes place. 
Last month, the Washington Post 
told a story about how this issue has persisted within the Department of Homeland Security even after the re-port was issued. The Post article states that ‘‘close to 100 DHS [Department of Homeland Security] employees still are being paid not to work for more than a year.’’ 
So I think the question we need to 
ask ourselves in response to this report is why? Why did the Federal Govern-ment spend $31 million to pay 263 em-ployees not to work for more than a year? And what is the justification for the 1-year paid leaves? Unfortunately, the Government Accountability Office was unable to disclose the specific de-tails as to why these 263 individuals were on paid leave for over a year. However, there are public reports that give examples of employees who have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.026 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8126 November 19, 2015 
continued to receive paychecks for 
over a year. 
The Washington Post again reported 
the case of a former high-level Envi-ronmental Protection Agency em-ployee who pretended he was a member of the Central Intelligence Agency for years. This employee collected paid leave under the pretense he was con-ducting top-secret work for the CIA when, in fact, he was home exercising and pursuing a personal research project. He effectively, according to the Post, stole $900,000 from taxpayers for work he never did. That included his salary and bonus. He was actually paid bonuses. The man was paid a bonus payment for not working—de-frauding the Agency he worked for. The good news is that they caught him. The bad news is that it took 2
1⁄2years 
to figure out something was going on. 
An article in the Washington Times 
details a 4-year case where an em-ployee at EPA was fired for ‘‘sending a ‘hostile email’ and making inappro-priate statements that ‘caused anxiety and disruption in the workplace.’’’ That employee was ultimately re-moved from the EPA a second time but only after he received 1,496 hours of backpay. 
And on and on it goes. I could stand 
here for a long time talking about ex-amples of paid leave to personnel total-ing $31 million for payments of paid leave for over a 1-year period of time. It is not just the EPA. I am not picking on one agency. Every agency in govern-ment has these policies. GAO estimates that there are some bad track records for these agencies. For instance, the Department of the Treasury has 25 em-ployees on paid leave for over a year and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs has over 46. And even more dis-turbing is the fact that the GAO inves-tigation found that Federal agencies don’t have sufficient documentation for the paid leave, if they had any doc-umentation at all. How can you put someone on paid leave, how can you make payments for over a year and have no documentation as to why you are making the payments? 
Coming to the floor with these waste 
of the week, fraud-and-abuse situa-tions, it is hard to comprehend how these things go on. The ingenuity of those who are committing fraud and those who oversee agencies that are paying this out is stunning. 
I want to make it clear that I am not 
against paid leave. There are many valid cases. But taxpayers deserve to know why Federal agencies are paying their employees not to work for over a year without sufficient documentation for taking such action. In fact, this ought to go for all paid leave, whether it is for 1 day, 1 month, or 1 year. 
Particularly, though, what ought to 
be ringing an alarm bell is someone who is on the record as receiving paid leave for several months or over a year—and I am only documenting that which was documented for over 1 year. Who knows how much this would total if we looked into every agency’s poli-
cies and found out that they weren’t documented and that they couldn’t prove that the paid leave was legiti-mized. 
I need to give credit where credit is 
due. The Office of Personnel Manage-ment has finally recognized that this is a costly issue and has moved to take steps to address this misuse of tax-payer dollars. This summer, the agency announced guidance on what does and doesn’t constitute paid administrative leave. I urge OPM to follow up now and ensure that all Federal agencies are implementing these recommendations. But why did it take us so long? Why do we have to have an investigative re-port? Where is the management? Where is the management in these agencies that oversees this and does not allow this to happen? Why do we have to wait for the Government Accountability Of-fice to come in and audit these agen-cies and find this unbelievable amount of waste, fraud, and abuse that takes place? 
So taxpayers are on the hook for an-
other $31 million of waste. We add that to our ever-growing total of waste, fraud, and abuse, now reaching well over—almost $119 billion. And we have Members down here talking about a program that needs funding because it is an essential program, but we don’t have the money to do it. Others come down and say we can’t cut a penny more from any of the programs we have—and that is another issue—and yet we continue to waste this kind of money. 
Next week it will be item No. 28 as 
we go forward exposing waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Government, taking hard-working taxpayers’ dollars at a time when the economy is not doing all that well. This is something which continues to be a noose around the Federal Government’s neck and which needs to be addressed. 
Madam President, with that, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
was seeking the floor, but it is my un-derstanding that Senator M
CCONNELL , 
our leader, is on his way to the floor. I will wait until he speaks. I don’t think we have to ask for a quorum call be-cause I think he will be here in just a minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
CLOTURE MOTIONS WITHDRAWN  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the two pending cloture motions with respect to H.R. 2577 be withdrawn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION ACT OF 2015, PART II 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam Pesident, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 3996, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3996) to provide an exten-
sion of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I know of no further debate on the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate? 
If not, the question is on third read-
ing of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to a third read-
ing and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 3996) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACKS IN THE 
UNITED STATES 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, 
because of what happened in Paris last week, a lot of speeches are going to be given on the floor of the Senate about terrorism. But it is too bad that we only seem to talk about the dangers of terrorism when bad things happen in the United States or happen in Paris or someplace else that brings the issue to our attention. I think what we all need to remember is that it is a constant danger that may not appear to us daily, but somewhere out there are people thinking about killing us for what we believe. 
So I rise today, again, expressing my 
sympathies to the people of Paris and those affected by Friday’s terrible at-tacks by radical Islamic terrorists there. On behalf of the people of Iowa, I continue to stand with the people of France. 
Unfortunately, the attacks last Fri-
day should not have been a surprise. Radical Islamic terrorists have been waging war against the United States and our allies for years. When thinking about the last three decades of the last century, you think about the terrorism at the Munich Olympics or an Amer-ican being murdered on a TWA plane. Then we had a Jewish person in a wheelchair thrown overboard in the Mediterranean. There was the attempt to bring down the Twin Towers in 1993 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.029 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8127 November 19, 2015 
by car bombs. Marines were murdered 
in Lebanon—over 200, I think it was. We had the attack on the Khobar Tow-ers in Saudi Arabia, where our military people were living. We had the East Af-rican Embassy attacked, and we had the USS Cole attack. 
Now, all of those happened before 
9/11. Since 9/11, attacks have occurred around the world—from the train bombings in Madrid in 2004 to the sui-cide bombings in London in 2005 to the senseless slaughter in the streets of Mumbai in 2008. My focus today, how-ever, will be on the United States homeland. 
Terrorists have continued to try to 
attack us here on many occasions since 9/11. Some of these attacks have suc-ceeded. Most of them have failed. Some of them have involved direct coordina-tion with terrorist leaders abroad, and some have been committed by lone wolves inspired by terrorists overseas or the views of those terrorists. But these threats are ongoing, and that is what we should not fail to understand. Consequently, we must be vigilant to guard against those threats. We know that we will face them again. 
Several prominent terrorist attacks 
in the United States come to mind. We all remember the carnage at the Bos-ton Marathon in April 2013, where two brothers detonated bombs at the finish line that killed an 8-year-old boy and two others and injured hundreds more. Although the brothers did not appear to have direct ties with terrorist orga-nizations, they were motivated by rad-ical Islamic beliefs. 
We also remember the November 2009 
shooting at Fort Hood, TX, where 13 people were killed and several dozen others were wounded. Incredibly, the Obama administration refused to cat-egorize this as a terrorist attack, in spite of the fact that the shooter had traded emails with then senior Al Qaeda leader Anwar al-Awlaki. The shooter also later identified his ex-tremist beliefs as a basis of his attack. 
But those tragedies only continued 
the pattern followed by radical Islamic terrorists since Al Qaeda hijacked and crashed airplanes into the Twin Towers and the Pentagon that fateful day in 2001. Soon after 9/11, for example, Brit-ish citizen Richard Reid attempted to detonate explosives packed in his shoe while on a flight to Miami in December 2001. He had previously trained at Al Qaeda terrorist camps in Afghanistan. Thankfully, he failed, but this at-tempted attack put us on notice that these terrorists were not finished with what happened on 9/11. 
More attacks and plots followed, per-
haps less well remembered after the passage of time. And the passage of time is our biggest enemy here, as we don’t think about this often enough. But they still demonstrate the ongoing threat we face. 
In July 2002, an Egyptian shot and 
killed two Israelis and wounded four others at the Los Angeles Inter-national Airport. Although the FBI did not find evidence linking the shooter 
to a terrorist group, the agency con-cluded the shooting was an act of ter-ror. 
In March 2006, another radical Is-
lamic terrorist injured six people when he drove his vehicle into a group of pe-destrians at the University of North Carolina. The attacker claimed to have conducted the attack in order to avenge the killing of Muslims around the world by our American Govern-ment. 
Another example is the ‘‘Fort Dix 
Six’’ plot in May of 2007. In that case, six men planned to kill American sol-diers at the military base in New Jer-sey but were arrested before they could do so. The men were inspired by jihadi videos. 
In June 2009, a terrorist shot two re-
cruiters at a military center in Little Rock, AR. One of the recruiters was killed, and the other was seriously wounded. The shooter told the judge in his case that he was a soldier of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. 
Later in 2009, three radical Islamic 
terrorists were arrested just before they were able to conduct suicide at-tacks in New York City. One of these terrorists drove all the way from his home in Colorado to strike the New York City subway system with home-made explosives hidden inside a back-pack. He later admitted in court that he was trained by Al Qaeda to be a part of what they call a ‘‘martyrdom oper-ation.’’ He further confessed that Al Qaeda officials ordered these suicide attacks from Pakistan. 
Also in 2009, on Christmas Day, a ter-
rorist often referred to as the Under-wear Bomber attempted to blow up a bomb concealed in his underwear while on a flight over Detroit. Several days later, Al Qaeda affiliates in Yemen and Saudi Arabia claimed responsibility for that effort. 
In May 2010, a terrorist tried to set 
off a car bomb in the middle of Times Square in New York City. He was ar-rested while attempting to flee the country on a flight to the Middle East. The bomber was trained and financed by the Pakistani Taliban. 
More recently, the threat from rad-
ical Islamic extremism has sprung from the chaos in Syria. By now we are all familiar with ISIS, or the Islamic State. Last year, we witnessed the hor-rors of ISIS’s brutal and barbaric be-heading of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and aid worker Peter Kassig in Syria. 
As FBI Director Comey explained to 
the Senate Judiciary Committee ear-lier this year, ISIS presents a new type of Islamic extremist organization. For one thing, ISIS exploits social media to promote its terrorist agenda and en-courage people within the United States to commit terrorist attacks. As Director Comey explained, ISIS’s prop-aganda machine is like a devil on somebody’s shoulder saying: ‘‘Kill, kill, kill;’’ and ‘‘if you can’t come to Syria, kill somebody where you are. Kill somebody in uniform. Kill anybody.’’ 
Those are the words Comey used in paraphrasing the message that comes from ISIS on social media. 
ISIS’s deadly message of terror is 
having a profound effect here in our country. Over the last year, the gov-ernment has stopped numerous individ-uals in the United States who tried to travel to Syria to fight for ISIS. Ac-cording to Director Comey, over 200 Americans have traveled or attempted to travel to Syria for this purpose. I fear that such individuals who success-fully return home could recreate the Paris attack here in our country, given the training, the indoctrination, and the battlefield experience they received abroad. The Washington Post reported on November 16 that 66 men and women in the United States have been charged with crimes associated with ISIS, in-cluding both attempting to travel to Syria to join ISIS or planning attacks here. 
Beyond ISIS’s recruitment of Ameri-
cans to fight in Syria, the Paris attack demonstrates the extreme dangers the group now poses here in North Amer-ica. Look at what occurred just over the past year or so. In October 2014, a radical Islamic terrorist who could not obtain a passport to travel to Syria shot up the Parliament in Canada, kill-ing a Canadian soldier on duty at the Canadian National War Memorial. The 
next day, a self-radicalized Muslim convert attacked four police officers on the streets of New York City with a hatchet after watching ISIS Internet propaganda. 
In January of this year, the FBI ar-
rested a person in Ohio for plotting to attack the U.S. Capitol with pipe bombs and guns. The terrorist also al-legedly expressed a desire to support ISIS, and he had posted videos and 
messages on social media, supporting violent attacks by radical Islamic ter-rorists. 
Later, in May of this year, two Is-
lamic terrorists drove from Arizona to Garland, TX, to attack a conference center during an art exhibit. The cen-ter was hosting an exhibition of car-toons depicting the Islamic Prophet Mohammed. The pair shot and injured a security guard before being killed by a police officer. ISIS subsequently claimed responsibility for that attack. 
In June 2015, law enforcement offi-
cers in Massachusetts shot and luckily killed a knife-wielding member of a group of ISIS supporters who were plotting attacks here in the United States, along the lines of what Director Comey has said: Just go out and ‘‘kill, kill, kill.’’ Two other alleged terrorists were arrested and are being prosecuted. 
Just this month, an American was 
arrested in Ohio for supporting ISIS. He allegedly posted online detailed per-sonal information, including their ad-dresses, of 100 U.S. military members. He had then allegedly called on fellow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.033 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8128 November 19, 2015 
terrorists to kill these military per-
sonnel in their homes and commu-nities, along the lines of what the so-cial networking message is from over-seas to people in the United States, as Director Comey has reported to us: ‘‘Kill, kill, kill.’’ Just kill anyone. 
More chilling than a lot of this is the 
video released earlier this week. On Monday, ISIS released a video warning countries against participating in air strikes in Syria. The video claimed that ISIS would attack these countries just as it attacked France last Friday. The video specifically threatened to at-tack this city, right here, Washington, DC. 
According to the New York Times 
just this morning, ‘‘at least three dozen people in the United States sus-pected of ties to the Islamic State were under heavy electronic or physical sur-veillance even before the Paris at-tacks.’’ That ought to wake us all up to the dangerous environment that exists. 
It is all too obvious that we will con-
tinue to face attacks from radical Is-lamic terrorists in the future. We ought to remind ourselves every day about this potential threat. So to help remind us both of that certainty and that we must be prepared for it, I ask unanimous consent to enter into the R
ECORD a long list of terrorist attacks 
in the United States that I prepared from public sources. The list may not include each and every attack by ter-rorists, but it does include a wide vari-ety of attempted and planned attacks against our citizens. Because of space limitations on material submitted for the R
ECORD , a more complete and an-
notated list can be found on my website. That list also includes a sepa-rate list of individuals prosecuted in the United States for attempting to leave the country to fight for ISIS. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST ATTACKS AND  
PLOTS IN THE UNITED STATES SINCE 9/11 
I. SUCCESSFUL ATTACKS  
July 4, 2002: Hesham Mohamed Hadayet, a 
41–year-old Egyptian national, shot and killed two Israelis and wounded four others at the El Al ticket counter at Los Angeles International Airport. Although the FBI did not find evidence linking Hadayet to a ter-rorist group, the agency concluded the shooting was an act of terrorism because of Hadayet’s stated anti-Israel views and oppo-sition to U.S. Middle East policy. 
March 5, 2006: Mohammed Reza Taheri- 
Azar injured six people when he drove a Sport Utility Vehicle into a group of pedes-trians at the UNC-Chapel Hill campus. Taheri-Azar claimed to have conducted the attack in order to avenge the killing of Mus-lims around the world by the U.S. govern-ment. 
July 28, 2006: Naveed Afzal Haq shot and 
killed one woman, and wounded five others, at the Jewish Federation building in Seattle, Washington. During the shooting, Haq spoke with a 911 dispatcher and said ‘‘these are Jews and I’m tired of getting pushed around and our people getting pushed around by the situation in the Middle East.’’ 
June 1, 2009: Abdulhakim Mujahid Muham-
mad shot two military recruiters at a Little Rock, Arkansas Army/Navy Career Center, 
killing one and seriously wounding the other. Muhammad had previously converted to Islam and spent approximately 16 months, beginning in 2007, in Yemen. Although no independent, public confirmation of Muhammad’s ties to Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula exists, Muhammad wrote to the judge in his case stating that he was ‘‘a sol-dier’’ of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and undertook his attack as revenge for U.S. killing of Muslims in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
November 5, 2009: Nidal Malik Hasan, a 
U.S. Army Major serving as a psychiatrist, shot and killed 13 people and wounded sev-eral dozen others at Fort Hood, Texas. Hasan stated that his motive was jihad to fight ‘‘il-legal and immoral aggression against Mus-lims’’ in Iraq and Afghanistan. Hasan had earlier exchanged 18 e-mails with Anwar al- Awlaki, an important, U.S.-born leader of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. 
April 15, 2013: Tamerlan Tsarnaey and his 
younger brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, deto-nated two bombs within moments of each other near the finish line of the Boston Mar-athon, killing three people and injuring hun-dreds more. Although the brothers were mo-tivated by radical Islam to carry out the at-tacks, they did not appear to have had any direct ties to Islamic terrorist organizations. 
October 23, 2014: Zale Thompson attacked 
four New York City police officers with a hatchet, injuring two of them (one critically) at a Queens, New York shopping district. The police shot and killed Thompson, and a bystander was injured in the process. Thompson appears to have been a self- radicalized Muslim convert who had posted ‘‘antigovernment, anti-Western, anti-white’’ messages online. 
May 3, 2015: Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi 
began shooting outside the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas during an art ex-hibit hosted by an anti-Muslim group called the American Freedom Defense Initiative. The center was hosting an exhibition of car-toon adaptations depicting the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. The pair shot and in-jured a security guard before being killed by a police officer. The Islamic Sate of Iraq and Syria subsequently claimed responsibility for the attack, though the group did not pro-vide evidence of how it was involved with the shooters or in the attack. 
July 16, 2015: Muhammad Youssef 
Abdulazeez—who reportedly had been in var-ious locations in the Middle East for nearly seven months last year—shot at government personnel in two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee, first through a drive-by shooting at a recruiting center, then by traveling to a naval reserve center and continuing to fire. Before being killed by police, Abdulazeez killed four Marines, and wounded another Marine, a Navy sailor, and a police officer. The Navy sailor died from his wounds two days later. The FBI is inves-tigating the attack as an act of terrorism. 
II. UNSUCCESSFUL ATTACKS AND PLOTS  
December 22, 2001: British citizen Richard 
Reid attempted to detonate explosives packed in his shoes while on a flight from Paris to Miami. The airplane’s crew and pas-sengers subdued him, and the plane landed safely in Boston. Reid had previously re-ceived training at Al-Qaeda terrorist camps in Afghanistan. 
May 8, 2002: Jose Padilla was arrested at 
Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport and subsequently accused of plotting to attack the United States with a radiological weapon (a ‘‘dirty bomb’’). He had previously spent several years in the Middle East, and the U.S. government produced evidence at his trial indicating he had attended an Al-Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan. May 1, 2003: Iyman Faris pled guilty to pro-
viding material support to Al-Qaeda and pro-viding information to Al-Qaeda about poten-tial targets in the United States—including a bridge in New York City. 
August 2004: A group of men in the United 
Kingdom, led by Al-Qaeda ‘‘member or close associate’’ Dhiren Barot, were arrested for being part of an Al-Qaeda plan to bomb the International Monetary Fund, New York Stock Exchange, Citigroup and Prudential buildings in the United States, as well as targets in the United Kingdom. Barot had earlier scouted the American targets while visiting the United States in 2000 and 2001. 
August 2004: Shahawar Matin Siraj and 
James Elshafay were arrested after con-ducting surveillance at the Herald Square subway station in Manhattan. The pair were planning to attack the station with explo-sives in response to actions by American military forces in Iraq. 
August 31, 2005: Kevin James, Hammad 
Samana, Gregory Patterson, and Levar Washington were indicted on charges to wage war against the United States through terrorist activities. The men planned attacks against targets including American military and Jewish institutions, located in Southern California. 
November 24, 2006: Uzair Paracha was con-
victed of conspiring to help an Al-Qaeda op-erative member suspected of planning bomb-ing attacks in Maryland to enter the United States. Paracha was later sentenced to 30 years in prison. 
June 23 2006: Seven men, known as the 
‘‘Liberty City Seven,’’ were arrested for being involved in a plot to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago as part of an Islamic jihad. Attorney General Gonzales stated later that year that the plotters had promised to fight ‘‘a full ground war against the United States.’’ 
July 7 2006: Three men were arrested in 
Lebanon for plotting to bomb transit tunnels underneath the Hudson River in New York City. The men intended that the New York financial district would then be flooded. The FBI discovered the plot and gathered infor-mation on it through emails and chat-room postings on web forums used to recruit Is-lamic terrorists. 
December 8, 2006: Derrick Shareef was 
charged with plotting to detonate hand gre-nades at a shopping mall in Illinois during the Christmas shopping season. Shareef was a Muslim convert who reportedly had dis-cussed his desire to wage jihad against civil-ians and had also spoken of attacking gov-ernment facilities. 
2007: Sabrihan Hasanoff and Wessam 
Hanafi, beginning in 2007 and at the direction of Al-Qaeda members in Yemen performed surveillance on several potential targets, in-cluding the New York Stock Exchange, for future terrorist attacks in the United States. El-Hanafi forwarded the report to Al-Qaeda. 
May 2007: Six men planned to kill Amer-
ican soldiers at Fort Dix, New Jersey, but were arrested before they could do so. This plot is popularly known as the ‘‘Fort Dix Six’’ plot, and the men appear to have been inspired by Jihadi videos 
June 3, 2007: Four men were indicted for 
plotting to blow up jet-fuel tanks and a fuel pipeline at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. Assistant Attor-ney General Kenneth Wainstein said that the men ‘‘sought to combine an insider’s knowl-edge of JFK airport with the assistance of Is-lamic radicals in the Caribbean to produce’’ a ‘‘devastating attack.’’ 
January 28, 2009: Bryant Neal Vinas plead-
ed guilty to joining Al-Qaeda and developing a plan with Al-Qaeda leadership to conduct an attack on the Long Island Railroad in New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.035 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8129 November 19, 2015 
February 26, 2009: Christopher Paul, also 
known as Abdul Malek, was sentenced for conspiring to use weapons of mass destruc-tion against targets in Europe and the United States. Paul, who had received ter-
rorist training at overseas terrorist camps in Afghanistan, and had subsequently joined Al-Qaeda, had worked with an Islamic terror cell in Europe to prepare to attack targets in the United States. 
May 20, 2009: Four men were arrested for 
plotting to bomb Jewish synagogues in New York City after they had planted what they thought were bombs near two synagogues. The men also allegedly planned to shoot down U.S. military planes operating out of Stewart Air National Guard Base in New-burgh, New York. The men were apparently angry over the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan, and one told an FBI informant that he’d be interested in joining a Pakistan-based ter-rorist group ‘‘to do jihad.’’ 
September 2009: Daniel Patrick Boyd and 
Hysen Sherifi were charged with plotting to kill U.S. military personnel at the Quantico marine base in Virginia. They had under-taken reconnaissance of the base and had practiced attacking the base in July. Boyd, along with several other suspects, had ear-lier been charged with international ter-rorism charges in August, but those charges did not concern attacks in the United States. Prosecutors played a tape during Boyd’s de-tention hearing where he decried the U.S. military, decried the struggle of Muslims, and mentioned the honor of martyrdom. 
September 2009: Najibullah Zazi, and later 
Adis Medunjanin and Zarein Ahmedzay, were arrested for planning to conduct suicide at-tacks with homemade explosives in the New York City subway system. All three had re-ceived weapons training from Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, and Zazi admitted in court that he was trained by Al-Qaeda to be part of a ‘‘martyrdom operation.’’ Evidence indicates that senior Al-Qaeda officials ordered the at-tacks. According to the indictment against Medunjanin, before being arrested for the planned subway attacks, on January 7, 2010, Medunjanin attempted to conduct an attack in New York City by intentionally crashing his car on the Whitestone Expressway. 
September 24, 2009: Michael Finton, also 
known as Talib Islam, was arrested and charged for attempting to kill federal em-ployees by detonating a car bomb at the fed-eral building in Springfield, Illinois. He was arrested after he attempted to detonate what he thought was the bomb, but which was in fact a fake bomb. Finton reportedly idolized (and had written to) American-born Taliban member John Walker Lindh. 
September 24, 2009: Hosam Maher Husein 
Smadi, an illegal immigrant from Jordan, was arrested for placing, with the intent to detonate, what he thought was a car bomb outside of the 60-story Fountain Place office tower in Dallas, Texas. FBI undercover agents met with Smadi over several months while posing as members of an Al-Qaeda sleeper cell. According to the FBI, Smadi ‘‘stood out based on his vehement intention to actually conduct terror attacks in the United States.’’ 
December 14, 2009: Ehsanul Islam Sadequee 
and Syed Haris Ahmed were sentenced for their earlier terrorism convictions in sup-port of terrorism. Among other activities, Sadequee and Ahmed had driven to and taken videos—for use by ‘‘the jihadi brothers abroad’’ with whom the pair were connected via the internet—of targets in Washington, DC., including the U.S. Capitol, the World Bank, the Masonic Temple, and a fuel tank farm. 
December 25, 2009: Umar Farouk 
Abdulmutallab, a Nigerian citizen, at-tempted to blow up the commercial airliner he was flying on over Detroit by igniting 
high explosives concealed in his underpants. Several days later, Al-Qaeda’s affiliate in Yemen and Saudi Arabia claimed responsi-bility for the attempted attack. Abdulmutallab later plead to the charges against him and read a statement in court saying ‘‘I attempted to use an explosive de-vice which in the U.S. law is a weapon of mass destruction, which I call a blessed weapon to save the lives of innocent Mus-lims, for U.S. use of weapons of mass de-struction on Muslim populations in Afghani-stan, Iraq, Yemen and beyond.’’ 
May 1, 2010: Faisal Shahzad attempted, but 
failed, to detonate a car bomb in Times Square in New York City. Evidence indicated that the Pakistani Taliban was behind the attempted attack, and that Shahzad was in contact with the group via the internet while living in the United States. Shahzad was attempting to flee the country through a flight to the Middle East when arrested. 
May 2010: Paul and Nadia Rockwood, from 
King Salmon, Alaska, were arrested for lying to the FBI about having compiled a list of 20 domestic terrorism targets, including mem-bers of the U.S. military, the media, and two religious organizations. The couple had also begun to acquire components for mail bombs. Rockwood, who had earlier converted to Islam and was studying the writings of Anwar al-Awlaki, sought to ‘‘exact revenge by death on anyone who desecrated Islam.’’ 
October 20, 2010: Zachary Adam Chesser, a 
supporter of designated foreign terrorist or-ganization Al-Shabaab, pleaded guilty to charges that included soliciting other jihadists online to murder U.S. citizens in the United States. Among other things, he pleaded guilty to taking specific, repeated steps to encourage jihadists to attack the writers of an American television show for the way the show had depicted Muhammad. 
October 27, 2010: Farooque Ahmed, a natu-
ralized U.S. citizen, was arrested for plotting to bomb multiple Washington, D.C. metro stations Ahmed believed he was conspiring with Al-Qaeda operatives in plotting the at-tacks. 
November 26, 2010: Mohamed Osman 
Mohamud, a Somali-American, attempted to wage jihad by trying to ignite what he thought was a real bomb, but which was a fake bomb supplied by an undercover officer, at a Christmas tree lighting ceremony in Portland, Oregon. Among other statements Mohamud made regarding the attacks, he said ‘‘I want whoever is attending that event to leave, to leave either dead or injured.’’ 
December 8, 2010: Antonio Martinez, also 
known as Muhammad Hussain, was arrested after a sting operation for plotting to blow up the Armed Forces Career Center in Ca-tonsville, Maryland. Martinez, a Muslim con-vert, was motivated to plot the attack be-cause he was upset that the U.S. and other militaries were fighting Muslims. 
February 24, 2011: Khalid Ali-M Aldawsari, 
a Saudi Arabian student in the United States, was arrested for planning and having begun to build bombs for use in various ter-rorist attacks in America. Targets of the at-tacks included former President George W. Bush’s home, hydroelectric dams, nuclear power plants, nightclubs, and the homes of 
American soldiers who had been stationed in Iraq at the Abu Ghraib prison. Aldawsari de-scribed in his journal, as well as on blog postings, his desire for violent jihad. 
May 11, 2011: Ahmed Ferhani, a native of 
Algeria, and Mohamed Mamdouh were ar-rested for plotting to attack Jewish syna-gogues in New York City. The pair were ar-rested after purchasing several handguns and one grenade. The two were said to be ‘‘com-mitted to violent jihad.’’ 
June 23, 2011: Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif and 
Walli Mujahidh were arrested after pur-chasing machine guns and grenades for the 
purpose of conducting a suicide attack against a federal building housing the Mili-tary Entrance Processing Station in Seattle. The pair’s motive was to conduct physical jihad in the United States, as they were upset about U.S. military activities in Af-ghanistan, Iraq, and Yemen. 
July 27, 2011: Naser Jason Abdo, a U.S. 
Army Private who had been Absent Without Leave (AWOL), was arrested in a plot against Fort Hood, Texas. He was found with jihaclist materials, weapons, explosives in-structions, and materials. The explosives in-structions were from an Al-Qaeda explosives course manual. 
September 28, 2011: Rezwan Ferdaus was ar-
rested, following an FBI undercover oper-ation, and charged for plotting to use a re-mote-controlled aircraft filled with explo-sives to attack the U.S. Capitol and the Pen-tagon. Ferdaus planned to commit violent jihad with the materials, and hoped to cause a ‘‘psychological impact’’ by killing Ameri-cans—who he referred to as ‘‘enemies of Allah.’’ 
November 20, 2011: Jose Pimentel was ar-
rested for building and plotting to detonate pipe bombs in and around New York City. Pimentel’s intended targets included U.S. military personnel who had served in Iraq and Afghanistan, U.S. postal facilities, and police. Pimentel was described as an ‘‘Al- Qaeda sympathizer,’’ though he is believed to have worked on his plot alone. 
January 7, 2012: Sami Osmakac, a natural-
ized U.S. citizen from Kosovo, was arrested for plotting to use weapons and explosives ‘‘to create mayhem’’ in Tampa, Florida. He planned to conduct a car bombing, then take hostages, and to finally detonate a suicide belt he would be wearing. Osmakac told an FBI undercover agent that ‘‘We all have to die, so why not die the Islamic way?’’ 
February 17, 2012: Amine El Khalifi, a Mo-
roccan who was illegally inside the United States, was arrested following an FBI sting operation for plotting to carry out a suicide bombing inside the U.S. Capitol building. When arrested near the Capitol, Khalifi was carrying what he believed to be a loaded automatic weapon and a suicide vest. 
September 15, 2012: Adel Daoud was ar-
rested, following an FBI undercover inves-tigation, for attempting to detonate what he thought was a car bomb in front of a bar in Chicago. Daoud had earlier expressed his in-terest online in engaging in violent jihad in the United States or overseas. 
October 17, 2012: Quazi Mohammad 
Rezwanul Ahsan Nafis, a Bangladeshi, was arrested following a sting operation for plot-ting to bomb the Federal Reserve Bank in Manhattan. He was arrested after attempt-ing to detonate what he thought was a 1,000 pound bomb near the door of the bank. Nails undertook his plot on behalf of ‘‘our beloved Sheikh Osama bin Laden.’’ 
November 29, 2012: Raees Alam Qazi and his 
brother, Sheheryar Alam Qazi, both natural-
ized U.S. citizens of Pakistani descent, were arrested for plotting to attack New York City, possibly at Times Square. Raees, in-spired by Al-Qaeda (members of which he had tried to contact) had recently traveled to New York to attempt to obtain explosives for the attack. 
December 13, 2013: Terry Lee Loewen, an 
avionics technician, was arrested following an FBI sting operation for attempting to ex-plode a car bomb in a suicide attack at the Wichita Mid-Continent Airport in Wichita, Kansas. Loewen is a Muslim-convert who had said to an FBI employee that ‘‘I have become ‘radicalized’ in the strongest sense of the word, and I don’t feel Allah wants me any other way.’’ 
September 15, 2014: Mufid A. Elgeeh was 
charged with encouraging and helping pre-pare two other people to go to Syria and join 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.005 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8130 November 19, 2015 
ISIS. He had also allegedly plotted to shoot 
U.S. military members in the United States who had returned from Iraq. Elgeeh was ar-rested after purchasing two handguns, am-munition, and silencers. 
February 25, 2015: Abdurasul Hasanovich 
Juraboev was charged for offering online to kill the U.S. President if ordered by ISIS. He, along with Akhror Saidakhmetove, al-legedly then planned to travel to Syria to wage jihad on behalf of ISIS. 
April 2, 2015: Noelle Velentzas and Asia 
Siddiqui were arrested, following a sting op-eration, for plotting to detonate explosives in the United States. The two allegedly dis-cussed possible targets online and had ac-quired both multiple propane tanks and in-structions on how to turn the tanks into bombs. Siddiqui had allegedly contacted members of Al-Qaeda on repeated occasions. 
April 10, 2015: John T. Booker was arrested, 
after a sting operation, for allegedly trying to detonate a car bomb at the Fort Riley military base in Kansas on behalf of ISIS. Booker allegedly had spent months dis-cussing different plans of attack before de-ciding on a suicide attack against the base, and had begun acquiring components for a vehicle bomb before becoming the subject of the FBI operation. He also allegedly repeat-edly stated that he wished to engage in vio-lent jihad on behalf of ISIS. 
June 12, 2015: David Wright and Nicholas 
Rovinski were charged with conspiring to commit attacks against persons inside the United States, which was intended to further ISIS’s objectives and therefore constituted material support to that group. Wright and Rovinski also allegedly intended to behead a man who had organized a conference in Gar-land, Texas that featured cartoons depicting Muhammad. Moreover, Wright and Rovinski allegedly conspired with Usaamah Abdullah Rahim—Wright’s uncle—who was shot and killed after attacking police officers. The FBI stated that Rahim had been under sur-veillance because he had bought fighting knives and spoken of imminently attacking ‘‘boys in blue.’’ Rahhim, when confronted by the police on a sidewalk, menaced the offi-cers with a military-style knife before shoot-ing him when he refused to drop the knife. 
June 17, 2015: Fareed Mumuni and Munther 
Omar Saleh were arrested for allegedly con-spiring to attempt to assist ISIS in commit-ting a terrorist attack in the New York area. Mumuni and Saleh allegedly charged, with knives, at law enforcement officers who were trying to arrest them. Mumuni also alleg-edly told authorities that he had pledged his support to ISIS. 
June 19, 2015: Robert McCollum, who 
changed his name to Amir Said Abdul Rahman Al-Ghazi, was charged with, among other offenses, attempting to provide mate-rial support to ISIS. He allegedly had pledged his support to ISIS via social media, took steps to create propaganda for the group, and had tried to persuade others to join ISIS too. He allegedly had also ex-pressed his desire to conduct an attack on the United States, and had attempted to pur-chase an assault rifle. 
July 13, 2015: Alexander Ciccolo was ar-
rested on gun charges after purchasing two pistols and two rifles from an undercover FBI informant. His apartment allegedly was loaded with bomb-making equipment and jihadi paperwork. Ciccolo allegedly had planned to travel to a town with a state uni-versity where he could attack students at the college. Ciccolo was turned in by his fa-ther, who said his son was inspired by ISIS, had said he is ‘‘not afraid to die for the cause,’’ and reportedly characterized Amer-ica as ‘‘Satan’’ and ‘‘disgusting.’’ 
July 28, 2015: Harlem Suarez was charged 
with attempting to use a weapon of mass de-struction against a person or property with-
in the United States. Suarez came to law en-forcement attention following Facebook posts he made with Islamic extremist rhet-oric and promoting ISIS. Suarez allegedly had told a confidential FBI source that he wanted to make a ‘‘timer bomb,’’ which was to include galvanized nails and for which he had purchased components, to be buried and detonated at a beach in Key West, Florida. 
November 12, 2015: Terrence McNeil was ar-
rested in Ohio for soliciting the murder of members of the U.S. military. He had dis-seminated ISIS rhetoric and detailed U.S. military personnel information for 100 mili-tary members, then called on fellow terror-ists to kill the military personnel in their homes and communities. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. These lists include 
successful attacks that harmed Ameri-cans as well as unsuccessful attempts that did not—often thanks to law en-forcement’s efforts. What is common to all the attacks is that they were under-taken by terrorists who coordinated with radical Islamic extremists, were inspired by them or by those who shared their views. The listed attacks should serve as a reminder that we must always be vigilant. We must never forget that radical Islamic ex-tremists are waging war against us. We must always be prepared to fight this battle and to defend against their at-tacks. 
I am grateful this Thanksgiving sea-
son for the people in this country who do the difficult work of protecting us from terrorists every day. We must continually strengthen our country’s ability to win this war. We must ensure that our military and Special Forces have the ability to take the fight to the terrorists overseas, wherever they are lurking. We must ensure that our intelligence agencies have the tools needed to identify terrorists and their plots, while preserving the civil lib-erties that make our country very spe-cial. And we must ensure that law en-forcement is able to use the lawful tools provided by Congress, consistent with our Constitution and approved by our courts, to help stop these terrorist attacks. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BART AND CHERRY 
STARR 
Mr. JOHNSON. Madam President, I 
rise today to pay tribute and to honor two great Americans, two wonderful people—Bart and Cherry Starr—for their numerous personal, professional, and charitable contributions to the Na-tion and the great State of Wisconsin. 
We are all aware of Bart’s extraor-
dinary contributions on the football field as quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Drafted in the 17th round in 
1956, Bart proceeded to win 5 world championships, including victories in the first 2 Super Bowls. He was named the Super Bowl’s Most Valuable Player for both games, but ever humble, Bart gave full credit to his teammates and to legendary coach Vince Lombardi for the team’s historic success. 
Over the years, Bart has received 
many honors. He was selected as a Pro Bowl Player four times and was named the NFL’s Most Valuable Player in 1966. He was recognized in 1970 with the Gladiator of the Year Award for best exemplifying the character attributes of a citizen-athlete. And he has been inducted into multiple Halls of Fame: The Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in 1976, the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1977, and the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame in 1981. 
Bart’s football legacy goes beyond 
technical skill. His excellence in lead-ership and strength of character earned him the respect of his coaches, team-mates, and fans worldwide. He con-tinues to be lauded as an example throughout the NFL. Every year, the Bart Starr Award is presented to an NFL player who demonstrates leader-ship and integrity on the field and in his community. 
Bart considers his wife Cherry to be 
the most important member of the Starr family team. Cherry supported and inspired her husband as they raised their children, Bart Junior and Bret, and devoted herself to numerous chari-table causes throughout their life to-gether. Their gifts of time, financial support, and celebrity continue to be a part of a lifelong mission benefiting many charities and causes. 
At the height of his career with the 
Packers, Bart and Cherry cofounded Rawhide Boys Ranch, a home for at- risk boys. Over the years, the Rawhide Boys Ranch has grown into a campus comprised of seven boys homes, a state-of-the-art high school named in honor of Bart and Cherry Starr, and numerous work experience facilities that expose youth to a variety of trades. 
Bart and Cherry also served as hon-
orary chairpersons for the Vince Lombardi Cancer Foundation for more than 44 years. Their work behind the scenes was central to raising more than $16 million for cancer research. 
In addition, Bart and Cherry have 
been longtime supporters of Corner-stone Schools of Alabama. Cornerstone offers a Christ-centered education com-mitted to academic excellence for Bir-mingham’s inner city children whose families have limited school choice. 
Finally, Cherry’s passion for animals 
fuels their generous support over many years for the Greater Birmingham Hu-mane Society. 
Bart and Cherry are very proud of 
their children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, but the accom-plishment they value most, that they cherish most, is their 60 years of loving marriage. I am honored to recognize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.007 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8131 November 19, 2015 
Bart and Cherry Starr for their exem-
plary lives. May their humble leader-ship, sacrifice, and love for others serve as an inspiration for all of us. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise 
to speak once again on the topic of re-ligious liberty. This is the sixth in a se-ries of addresses I have given on this critical subject. In my previous re-marks, I have discussed why religious liberty matters and why it deserves special protection from government in-terference. I have also detailed the his-tory of religious liberty in the United States and its centrality to our Na-tion’s founding. Likewise, I have de-bunked the erroneous notion that reli-gion is a purely private matter that has no place in the public domain. 
Last week, I discussed the status of 
religious liberty in contemporary American life. I argued that, in ways that are both alarming and unprece-dented, religious liberty is under at-tack here in the United States. Today, I turn my attention beyond our borders to examine the status of religious lib-erty abroad. Again, my argument is straightforward: across the world, reli-gious liberty is under serious attack. 
My observations are particularly rel-
evant as we approach Thanksgiving. Our Nation commemorates this special holiday in remembrance of our pilgrim ancestors who fled persecution in search of religious freedom. These brave men and women sailed unchart-ered waters and settled strange lands in order to build a society where they could practice their religion free from state interference. Their earnest ef-forts precipitated not only the estab-lishment of a new colony, but the birth of a nation committed to the principles of religious pluralism. 
For America’s earliest settlers, this 
land stood as a symbol of refuge—a haven from the storm of religious op-pression that lingered over Europe. Centuries later, victims of religious persecution across the world still look to our shores for sanctuary. They see America as John Winthrop once de-scribed it: ‘‘As a city upon a hill’’—a light that reaches across the oceans, giving hope to those still living in the shadows of religious intolerance. 
Today our world needs that light 
more than ever. Nearly four centuries after the Pilgrims made landfall at Plymouth Rock, the state of religious liberty across the world is increasingly precarious. From brutal crackdowns on religious minorities in Central Asia to a growing wave of anti-Semitism in 
Europe; from the violent campaigns of Boko Haram in Africa to the nefarious specter of ISIS in the Middle East—re-ligious liberty is under attack like never before. 
Despite the rapid advance of democ-
racy over the last century, the bless-ings of religious freedom are still inac-cessible to a majority of the world’s population. In fact, a recent Pew study finds that three-quarters of the global population ‘‘lives in countries with high-government restrictions and sig-nificant hostilities surrounding reli-gion.’’ 
Think about that. In spite of the sub-
stantial progress our own society has made in securing individual rights and enshrining religious liberty in law, there are still billions of people across the world who are unable to exercise their religion freely and fully. There are still billions of individuals living under despotic regimes that not only fail to protect people from persecution, but that actively constrain the con-science of citizens through law. There are still billions of people who under-stand religious liberty as little more than a philosophical concept, much less a reality. 
I wish I could offer these people hope. 
I wish I could say that the gradual march of progress will part the waters of religious intolerance, paving a clear path forward for religious liberty, but reality restrains my optimism. Around the world, hostility to religion is in-creasing. 
Religious liberty abroad faces opposi-
tion from two sources: states and nonstate actors. While I would like to relate an exhaustive account of the war being waged on both fronts, time per-mits me to highlight only the most grievous examples of persecution. 
I begin with state-sponsored acts of 
religious oppression. Far from being a relic of the past, government persecu-tion of religious minorities is alive and well. First, consider the state of reli-gious liberty in Asia. China is perhaps the world’s leading instigator of reli-gious persecution. Last year, in a near-ly unprecedented crackdown on reli-gious expression, the Chinese Govern-ment bulldozed or removed crosses from more than 400 Protestant and Catholic Churches. According to the United States Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom, many ex-perts have characterized this growing tide of oppression against Christians in China as ‘‘the most egregious and per-sistent since the Cultural Revolution.’’ 
And Christian denominations are not 
the only groups facing oppression. Members of all faiths, including Mus-lims and Tibetan Buddhists, ‘‘face ar-rests, fines, denials of justice, [and] lengthy prison sentences’’ because of their religious beliefs. Practitioners of Falun Gong experience the most in-tense persecution. Sixteen years ago, the Chinese Government imposed an outright ban on the practice of Falun Gong. Since that time, the government has imprisoned believers in forced 
labor camps, subjecting them to psy-chiatric experiments and other heinous forms of torture. The government has even executed practitioners of Falun Gong, mutilating their bodies and har-vesting their organs for profit. Our Na-tion can no longer turn a blind eye to these atrocities. 
Nor can we ignore the plight of reli-
gious prisoners in North Korea, where Kim Jong-un has incarcerated thou-sands of his own citizens for their reli-gious beliefs. These men and women are separated from their families and forced to work in concentration camps. While the government punishes fol-lowers of any faith, the country’s Christians face the greatest persecu-tion. If caught practicing their reli-gion, Christians face imprisonment without trial. Many face execution. 
In Southeast Asia, Myanmar is re-
sponsible for propagating religious big-otry, not so much by what it does but by what it doesn’t do. Across the coun-try, religious and ethnic minorities face increasing persecution at the hands of the Buddhist majority. Rather than intervene to protect these vulner-able groups from mistreatment, the Myanmar Government has stood idly by as an observer to the violence. As a result of the government’s inaction, 140,000 Muslims and at least 100,000 Christians have been internally dis-placed. 
In Africa and the Middle East, the 
situation is just as bleak. In Iran, de-spite President Rouhani’s promise to extend greater protections to religious minorities, the number of individuals detained because of their religious be-liefs has actually increased during his term. Baha’is, Christians, Jews, and Sunni Muslims throughout the country face perpetual persecution, arrest, beating, and imprisonment. Some are even executed for their beliefs. And of course, there is perhaps no government on earth more vocal in its anti-Semi-tism than Iran. 
Meanwhile, in Saudi Arabia, the 
state prohibits all non-Muslim public places of worship. Any citizen who dares question the government’s re-pressive policies is likely to face charges of apostasy, blasphemy, and even sorcery—a crime punishable by death. 
In Syria, Bashar al Assad has aban-
doned all appearances of religious lib-erty by deliberately targeting Sunni Muslim civilians in a bloody civil war. As he massacres his own people, he does so on the basis of their religious affiliation. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that I be permitted to finish my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. In Pakistan the govern-
ment consistently fails to protect its own citizens from religiously moti-vated violence, and the courts exploit repressive anti-blasphemy laws to pros-ecute religious minorities. Egypt’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.039 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8132 November 19, 2015 
courts convict and imprison citizens 
under the same pretext. 
In Sudan the government harasses its 
minority Christian population and sub-jects Muslims and non-Muslims alike to the punishments of Sharia law. The state even executes citizens who con-vert from Islam to another religion. 
Even in Europe, religious liberty is 
under attack, albeit in more subtle ways; take, for example, Switzerland, where a constitutional amendment placed a countrywide ban on the con-struction of minarets—a widely recog-nized symbol of Muslim prayer and de-votion. 
In another blow to Europe’s Islamic 
population, France recently outlawed the wearing of burqas and niqabs in public. When a Muslim woman ap-pealed the ban to the European Court of Human Rights, the court upheld the law. 
What I have related here is only a 
small sampling of the manifold abuses taking place around the world. If I were to relate every instance of state- sponsored religious bigotry abroad, I would be speaking here for days. 
And none of this is to mention the 
war against freedom being waged by non-state actors. In the past decade, we have witnessed an unprecedented rise of terrorist groups and other criminal organizations seeking to eradicate reli-gious liberty altogether. 
Take, for example, the rise of Boko 
Haram in the Lake Chad region of Afri-ca. This Islamic terrorist organization made headlines last year after kidnap-ping over 276 Nigerian schoolgirls. Ac-cording to the Human Rights Watch, Boko Haram has since forced these young girls to convert to Islam and un-dergo severe physical and psycho-logical torture. Many of these young women have been subject to forced labor, and others have been raped while in captivity. 
Boko Haram’s central mission is to 
annihilate all Western social and polit-ical activities, including any religion that isn’t Islam. In its fight against re-ligious freedom and other Western val-ues, the group has conducted indis-criminate attacks on civilians and has even used children as suicide bombers. 
The brutality of Boko Haram is only 
surpassed by the barbarism of ISIS. Far from being the ‘‘jayvee team’’ President Obama once described, ISIS has proven to be perhaps the most for-midable terrorist network in operation today. I fear that too many underesti-mate the threat ISIS poses to religious freedom. This is an organization whose very raison d’etre is to establish a global Islamic caliphate and usher in the apocalypse. 
As Islamic State militants carry out 
their mission, religious liberty is often the first casualty. In the barren world ISIS envisions, there is no room for dissent: either convert or be killed. Yazidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims throughout the Middle East have been confronted with this impossible ulti-matum. Refusal to give in to the Is-lamic State’s demands has resulted in 
mass executions, extrajudicial killings, kidnapping of civilians, forced dis-placement, the killing and maiming of children, rape, and other forms of sex-ual violence. The savagery of ISIS has even gone viral as the group posts vid-eos of grisly beheadings on the Inter-net. In almost every case, captors tar-get their victims on the basis of reli-gion. 
As we are all too aware, the cruelty 
of ISIS is not confined to the Middle East. Just last week, three teams of ISIS militants carried out terrorist as-saults throughout Paris, detonating suicide bombs at a soccer stadium and opening fire on innocent civilians at a concert hall. The violence injured more than 350 innocent bystanders and claimed at least 129 lives in what is considered the worst terrorist attack on French soil in the nation’s history. 
We could call these attacks ‘‘sense-
less acts of violence’’ because that is exactly what they appear to be, both in the scope of their brutality and in the scale of their indiscrimination. But I fear that dismissing these attacks as ‘‘senseless’’ too often hides from our view the radical rationale that moti-vates such violence. ISIS does not kill merely to feed an insatiable bloodlust; it kills because it wants to terrorize, shock, and intimidate other civiliza-tions into submission. It kills because it wants to impose on all people a nar-row-minded, medieval ideology of Islam—one that would rob us of our re-ligious freedom and other fundamental rights. 
Sadly, ISIS is not alone in its animus 
toward religious freedom. Nearly every terrorist organization that has vowed our destruction—be it Al Qaeda, Hamas or Hezbollah—seeks to strip us not only of our sense of security but also of the fundamental freedoms that make religious pluralism possible. 
If we are committed to defending re-
ligious liberty overseas, we must con-front the growing menace of Islamic extremism, and we must challenge those nations that engender religious intolerance through law. Today, by calling attention to the suffering of re-ligious peoples throughout the world, I have demonstrated clearly and without question that religious liberty faces growing hostility abroad from both state and non-state actors alike. From the heavy hand of government to the violent campaigns of terrorist organi-zations around the globe, the right to worship according to the dictates of one’s own conscience is under relent-less attack. 
With a fuller understanding of the 
threats facing religious liberty, the question now becomes: What is to be done? If religious liberty is under at-tack abroad, what can our Nation do to protect this precious freedom now and in the future? 
First, we must recognize that pro-
tecting religious freedom abroad is not just a question of moral principle; it is a matter of national security. Often, violations of religious liberty abroad 
threaten our own safety at home. As a case in point, consider the role of reli-gious intolerance in the Syrian civil war. Bashar al-Assad quickly disposed of religious freedom when he began de-liberately targeting Sunni Muslims, murdering thousands of citizens on the basis of their religion. His brutal ac-tions precipitated the formation of ISIS—an organization hell-bent on de-stroying other religions and entire civ-ilizations in the name of Islam. 
As ISIS gained in strength, it began 
to export its extreme ideology abroad, triggering several attacks throughout the world, including last week’s coordi-nated assaults in Paris. Now, ISIS poses a formidable threat to the United States and all of our allies. Assad’s bla-tant disregard for religious liberty not only escalated violence in the region but also catalyzed the formation of ISIS. As a result, the world is less safe. 
Given the obvious nexus between pro-
tecting religious liberty and strength-ening global security, I agree with the following assessment from the U.S. Commission on International Freedom: 
In the long run, there is only one per-
manent guarantor of the safety, secu-rity, and survival of the persecuted and the vulnerable. It is the full recogni-tion of religious freedom as a sacred human right which every nation, gov-ernment, and individual must fully support and no nation, government, or individual must ever violate. 
If we are committed to bolstering the 
security of other nations, then we must be equally devoted to strengthening re-ligious liberty abroad. At the forefront of foreign policy should be a commit-ment to defend and advance religious liberty in countries where it is under attack. We should also be prepared to reevaluate our relationship with gov-ernments that fail to make religious liberty protections a priority. 
Congress took concrete steps to 
prioritize religious freedom as a for-eign policy objective when it passed the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. This law established the Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom. The Ambassador oversees the State Department’s Office of International Religious Freedom, which monitors discrimination against people of faith and publishes an annual country-by-country report on the sta-tus of religious freedom abroad. 
This historic legislation also created 
the U.S. Commission on International Freedom—an independent, bipartisan organization that closely follows reli-gious persecution in other countries and offers recommendations to the ex-ecutive branch and Congress on how best to promote religious freedom over-seas. 
As one of the only countries in the 
world to make religious liberty an ex-plicit foreign policy objective, our na-tion is unique in its commitment to this preeminent freedom. As a legisla-tive body, Congress can renew that commitment by continuing to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.040 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8133 November 19, 2015 
the provisions of the International Re-
ligious Freedom Act. The future of reli-gious liberty overseas depends on our willingness to strengthen it here in Congress. 
Lastly, if we are committed to pro-
tecting religious liberty abroad, we must be ready to defend it here at home. 
At the beginning of my remarks, I re-
called the imagery of John Winthrop’s ‘‘City on a Hill.’’ Throughout our Na-tion’s history, several public figures have invoked Winthrop’s allusion to capture a simple truth: America’s spe-cial freedoms make her a light to other nations. 
Through our robust exercise of reli-
gious liberty, we offer hope to people beyond our borders—men and women suffering under the yoke of oppression who look to our country for sanctuary. As our nation strives to be an example of religious freedom, we can offer greater hope to those persecuted for their religious beliefs, and by address-ing threats to freedom of conscience here at home—including the attacks on religious liberty that I detailed in pre-vious remarks—we can strengthen and beautify our City on a Hill, building upon the foundation laid for us by our Pilgrim forbears, so that the light of our Nation might shine before all man-kind. 
With this call to action, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate in morning business for such time as I may consume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— 
S. 2303 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, over 
the last month, in a series of terrorist attacks around the globe that have killed hundreds of people, ISIL has commenced a new phase in its war on the civilized world. We have seen at-tacks in Ankara, Beirut, and Baghdad, the bombing of a Russian airliner over Egypt, and, of course, the horrific scenes last Friday in Paris, where ISIL gunmen wearing suicide belts attacked innocent civilians at restaurants, bars, a soccer stadium, and a concert hall, killing, as we know, 129 people and wounding 352 others. 
This evolution in ISIL operations 
further highlights the threat that they pose to countries beyond the Middle East, including the United States of America. We cannot and should not wait for ISIL to attack the United States before we finally, finally, finally acknowledge that we are a nation at war and that we must adopt a new strategy to destroy ISIL. 
What we must also acknowledge is 
that while the threat posed by ISIL and our other adversaries is growing, our national security budgets are in-
creasingly disconnected from our na-tional security requirements. Regard-less of what ISIL will do next or how the United States will decide to act, our national security budgets through fiscal year 2021 have been arbitrarily— I emphasize ‘‘arbitrarily’’—capped by the Budget Control Act. 
To be sure, the recently passed Bipar-
tisan Budget Act of 2015 provides im-portant relief from the sequester-level budget caps for fiscal year 2016 and 2017, and I am grateful to the Repub-lican majority leader for leading that effort. Our national defense would be in far worse shape without that legisla-tion. At the same time, that agreement is less optimal for next year and obvi-ously does not seek to address the budget caps that continue for the next 4 years. Indeed, under the revised Budget Control Act, in constant dol-lars, we are actually on track to spend less on defense next year than this year. It has not taken long for world events, yet again, to show the inad-equacy of this exercise. At roughly the same time we were locking in next year’s defense budget caps, ISIL began demonstrating its capability to strike targets outside of Iraq and Syria and now at the very center of the western world. 
Indeed, since the Budget Control Act 
of 2011 capped defense and other discre-tionary spending for the subsequent 10 years, absent any consideration of changing global threats or national re-quirements, let’s consider what has transpired since 2011. Any semblance of order in the Middle East has collapsed. We are all tragically familiar with the carnage in Syria and Iraq, but Libya has also deteriorated into anarchy and safe havens for ISIL and its affiliates. Yemen has become the scene of a proxy war between Iran and the gulf Arab na-tions. General David Petraeus testified to the Armed Services Committee: ‘‘Al-most every Middle Eastern country is now a battleground or a combatant in one or more wars.’’ 
From the outset, the Obama adminis-
tration’s policy was to withdraw from the Middle East. The President pulled all U.S. troops out of Iraq and put us on the path to do the same in Afghani-stan, but as we expected, and as I pre-dicted, evil forces have moved in to fill the vacuums that we have left behind. ISIL has captured large swaths of terri-tories in Syria and Iraq and has spread across the region to Afghanistan, Libya, Egypt, and other countries. 
As a result, we now have thousands 
of troops back in Iraq. The U.S. mili-tary has conducted over 6,000 airstrikes in Syria and Iraq to combat ISIL. We are increasing counterterrorism oper-ations in North Africa and providing military assistance to Saudi Arabia and our gulf partners fighting in Yemen. The situation in Afghanistan has driven the President to further delay the drawdown of U.S. troops. The effectiveness of these policies is ques-tionable, but their cost is not. In Europe, we have seen Russian 
forces invade Crimea and intervene militarily in Ukraine. This is the first time since World War II that one gov-ernment has invaded and sought to annex the territory of another sov-ereign territory in Europe. Since then, Vladimir Putin has grown bolder. He continues to modernize Russia’s mili-tary. And most recently, of course, he has deployed Russian forces into Syria to prop up the Assad regime, even fir-ing cruise missiles into the region from outside of it, as far away as nearly 1,000 miles. 
Russia’s actions have now forced the 
administration to bring back to Europe on a rotational basis one of the two brigade combat teams that it with-drew. As Russia continues its aggres-sion in Europe and increases its in-volvement in the Middle East, the Sec-retary of Defense acknowledges that we need an entirely new strategy to counter Russia. All of this requires proper funding—all of it. All of it re-quires proper funding levels, but our defense agencies have not gotten that, even as they have been asked to do more to counter Russia. 
The situation isn’t limited to Russia 
and Europe. China is growing more as-sertive as well. It has built several land features in the South China Sea, equipped with military buildings, fort facilities, and even runways, all in an effort to expand Chinese territorial claims in the area. In addition to harassing other regional states, five Chinese navy ships were spotted in the Bering Sea off of Alaska during Presi-dent Obama’s recent trip to Alaska. Meanwhile, hackers in China continue to conduct cyber espionage and cyber attacks against our government and critical sectors of our economy. Russia, Iran, and North Korea are doing so as well, all in the past year. 
Again and again, national security 
requirements have materialized after the Budget Control Act was passed, but we forced our military to tackle a growing set of missions with arbitrary and insufficient budget levels, revised periodically with whatever additional resources the Congress is able to scare up. The results speak for themselves. Since 2011, as worldwide threats have been increasing, we have cut our de-fense spending by almost 25 percent in annual spending. Not only has annual spending decreased, but so have the long-term budget plans of the Depart-ment of Defense. Each year the Depart-ment releases a 5-year budget. How-ever, each year it has reduced its 5- year plan in an effort to closer align its spending to the Budget Control Act. As a result, while the short-term effects of these arbitrary budget caps are bad enough, the long-term harm they are doing is arguably worse. Our military is raiding its own future readiness, modernization, and research and devel-opment spending to pay its present bills and meet present needs. We are not making the kinds of investments in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.041 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8134 November 19, 2015 
our future warfighting capability to re-
main technologically superior to ad-versaries that are closing the gap with us. 
What is even more troubling is that 
even as we made these reductions, our national security and defense strate-gies have stayed essentially the same. Day-to-day requirements for the mili-tary have not been reduced to match declining budgets. Independent anal-ysis by defense experts at places such as the Center for Strategic and Budg-etary Assessments and the RAND Cor-poration have all pointed out that cur-rent budget levels and even the Presi-dent’s budget are insufficient to pay for our national security strategy given the current threat environment. 
All of this applies equally to our 
other national security agencies be-yond the Department of Defense. Pro-tecting our Nation is not just the job of the U.S. military; it also depends on a strong and properly resourced intel-ligence community, Federal law en-forcement, and homeland security agencies, and a diplomatic presence overseas that can project American leadership and resolve problems before they become threats to our people and our interests. Yet these other national security agencies have been dealing with the same fiscal challenges under the same worsening threat environ-ment and with the same effects as our military. Not just our military, but the NSA, the CIA, the State Department, FBI—all of these agencies are unable to function effectively because of the ef-fects of these budget cuts. 
To continue on this way, especially 
after Paris, is not only absurd, it is dangerous. If we are serious about na-tional security, if we are serious about meeting our highest constitutional re-sponsibility of providing for the com-mon defense, and if we are serious about heeding the frequent and urgent warnings of our Nation’s most re-spected national security and foreign policy leaders, then we must change course immediately. We cannot con-tinue to prioritize deficit reduction over national defense, allowing arbi-trary budget caps to determine our na-tional security needs. 
This process ought to be simple. We 
must identify what we need to be safe, define those requirements clearly, and provide budgets to resource them. The two can’t be disconnected. If we choose not to fight ISIL or deter Russian ag-gression in Europe or uphold freedom of the seas in Asia, then we can justify the cuts to the budget. But neither the Congress nor the administration wants to do that, nor should we. The only re-sponsible thing to do, then, is to spend the money that is necessary to meet the national security requirements we have set for ourselves. And with the threats to our homeland growing clos-er, we can’t afford to delay any longer. 
That is why I have introduced com-
monsense legislation that is long over-due. Its goal is simple: to exempt na-tional security spending from seques-tration under the Budget Control Act. 
This exemption would not just apply to the Department of Defense; it would also include the security-related func-tions of our intelligence agencies, the Department of Homeland Security, the State Department, and the National Nuclear Security Administration. By doing so, we will enable the President and Congress to build national security budgets based on national security re-quirements instead of arbitrary caps that entail greater risk to our Nation. 
I know that some will express con-
cern about the impact of this legisla-tion on national deficits and the debt. I will match my record as a fiscal con-servative with anybody’s. I have spent decades targeting wasteful government spending, and I believe we must tackle our debt problem before it overwhelms generations. But we cannot afford to put the lives of our men and women in uniform as well as those of our citizens at greater risk, which everyone—all of our senior military leaders—has said we are doing. By holding to these budg-et caps, we are putting the lives of the men and women serving in the military today at greater risk. Don’t we have an obligation to these young men and women who are serving in the military in uniform? Just because of arbitrary caps, are we going to put their lives in greater danger? Of course the world has become more dangerous. Of course there have been tremendous upheavals. And we are asking them to do the job with less than they need in order to do it most effectively and at the very risk of their own lives. This is disgraceful. This is disgraceful, that we should ne-glect the view of every national secu-rity expert and every one of our uni-formed leaders. They have all said the same thing in testimony before the Armed Services Committee. 
I have asked them: Does sequestra-
tion and the effects of sequestration put the lives of our young men and women in uniform at greater risk? 
Answer: Yes. History does not repeat itself, but I 
do remember in the 1970s when we slashed defense spending and the Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army came over and said we had a hollow Army. We are now not approaching the hollow Army, but we certainly are approaching a point where we are unable to meet the new challenges that I just articulated in these comments, and we are putting the lives of the men and women in the military in greater danger. That is not what we are supposed to be all about. 
We can’t persist with the illusion 
that we will somehow balance the Fed-eral budget and meaningfully cut the debt on the back of discretionary spending alone. Our defense and na-tional security budgets are not the root of our spending problem. The real problem is rising entitlement costs and mandatory spending. 
A Heritage Foundation report found 
that 85 percent of projected growth and spending is due to entitlement pro-grams and interest on the debt. Reduc-ing our debt will only be possible with 
real entitlement reform. Cuts to dis-cretionary spending will not have a major long-term impact, but for years we have gone to that well because it is politically easier than reforming enti-tlement programs. 
So the major sources of the debt are 
three: Medicare, Social Security, and interest on the debt. That is the prob-lem we face. So we enacted arbitrary cuts on our Nation’s national security capabilities in somehow trying to con-vince people that therefore we will re-duce the debt. That is a lie. We don’t have the guts to stand up here and do the right thing, which is entitlement reform. Instead, we continue on this mindless sequestration—mindless be-
cause it is a meat ax. 
I am happy to say that we have iden-
tified $11 billion in this National De-fense Authorization Act. As chairman of the committee, I have worked with Members on both sides of the aisle. We have identified $11 billion in savings and lots more to come. We can trim from the defense budget a lot of the waste and inefficiencies that are there, but to do it with a meat ax is the wrong way to do it. I encourage other committees to use their authorization processes to reform government and eliminate wasteful spending. However, to purposefully shortchange our na-tional security agencies is obviously penny-wise and pound-foolish. 
Just last week, all of us went home 
and celebrated Veterans Day. There is probably not an event that is quite like it in all of the things we do in this Na-tion. To spend time with our veterans and to see our Nation honor them is a remarkable experience and incredibly uplifting. It seems to me that year after year, there are more and more Americans who are applauding and ap-preciating the service and sacrifice of our veterans. We are reminded that what makes America great is the men and women who serve it, and those who have served we honor. These volunteers sacrifice their personal comfort, their families, and sometimes their lives for this country. They always put the mis-sion first, and it is time we do the same. We must fully resource national security so that those who work to keep us safe day in and day out have what they need to accomplish what we have asked of them. If their mission is worth the ultimate sacrifice, what other policy agenda could be more im-portant? 
These young men and women are put-
ting their lives on the line as we speak, and what are we doing? We are mind-lessly cutting defense and their ability to defend this Nation and themselves. It is a shameful chapter. It is a shame-ful chapter and an abrogation of our re-sponsibilities to these men and women. 
So the next time Members are home 
in their home States and they meet these men and women in uniform and they support the sequestration, look the other way because they are not taking care of those men and women who are willing to sacrifice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.043 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8135 November 19, 2015 
I am sorry if my words sound harsh, 
but in this world we are in today, to continue this mindless sequestration is an abrogation of our responsibility as their elected leaders. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Committee on the Budget be discharged from further con-sideration of S. 2303 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation; I further ask consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
What this is, for the benefit of my 
colleagues, is the elimination of se-questration for not only defense but all of our national security requirements and agencies of government that are suffering under this mindless seques-tration. 
I see my colleague from Rhode Island 
is going to object. All I can say to my colleague from Rhode Island is I am deeply, deeply, deeply disappointed in his objecting to doing the right thing for the men and women who are serv-ing in the military. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. REED. Madam President, reserv-
ing my right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. I think Chairman M
CCAIN 
is headed in exactly the right direc-tion, which is trying to eliminate se-questration. The real answer is to re-
peal the Budget Control Act because the scope of relief offered by the chair-man is certainly broader than just the Department of Defense, but it doesn’t include all the agencies that actually protect us and interfere with our oppo-nents. For example, the Department of Treasury, in terms of trying to sup-press terrorist financing, would be sub-ject to sequestration in this legisla-tion; the CDC would be subject to se-questration, even if there were a bio-logical attack—and unfortunately our opponents, particularly terrorists, have talked about such an attack. 
It is not really the issue of sequestra-
tion; it is limiting the scope of relief. I think we should, as my colleague sug-gests, stand up and say we can repeal the BCA. Then we can talk about budg-eting according to the demands, ac-cording to our total national security picture. 
Longer term, national security in 
this country is certainly bolstered im-mediately by the Department of De-fense, Department of Treasury, State Department, et cetera; but without education, without many other efforts in our government, we will not be able 
to truly defend the Nation. So for that reason, Mr. President, I with great re-luctance object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Objection is heard. EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Peter William Bodde, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Libya; Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Tajikistan; Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Sultanate of Oman; Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Uganda; Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Swaziland; and H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Mozam-bique. 
VOTE ON BODDE NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Bodde nomination? 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V IT-
TER). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) and 
the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S AND-
ERS) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 95, 
nays 0, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 309 Ex.] 
YEAS—95 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts 
Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Graham 
Nelson Rubio 
Sanders Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON MILLARD NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Millard nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON SIEVERS NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Sievers nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON MALAC NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Malac nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON PETERSON NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Peterson nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON PITTMAN NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Pittman nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
The Senator from Mississippi. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.044 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8136 November 19, 2015 
Senators permitted to speak therein 
for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator S HA-
HEEN of New Hampshire and I be able to 
utilize up to 20 minutes for speaking in a colloquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. W
ICKER and Mrs. 
SHAHEEN pertaining to the introduc-
tion of S. 2307 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-
duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
DODD-FRANK LEGISLATION 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, 7 
years ago, Wall Street came closer to imploding than at any other time since the Great Depression. Wall Street had stacked the deck for themselves and against consumers by turning a bank-ing system that in the past had helped families and businesses build their prosperity into a casino for Wall Street’s own big bets. When things went badly, taxpayers were left holding the bag. 
While our economy has slowly re-
turned, the memory of the crisis is fresh in the minds of American fami-lies—millions of families who lost their jobs, millions of families who lost their homes, millions of families who lost their retirement savings. 
For this reason, there is broad bipar-
tisan support across America for not allowing the return of the Wall Street casino, with 9 in 10 likely voters saying it is important to ensure they are safe and fair for consumers and that they are designed to build the success of consumers. 
Through the Wall Street reform bill, 
we ended predatory home lending prac-tices. We stopped teaser rates that then had exploding interest loans. These loans went from 3 or 4 percent in the beginning, and then, after 2 years, would turn into 9 percent or 10 percent, ensuring that the family was unable to make their payments. We stopped the kickbacks that went to loan origina-tors to steer their unsuspecting home- buyer clients into high-cost loans. We stopped the liar loans designed to fail just after originators got their com-missions. In short, we restored home ownership and home loans as a power-ful, wealth-building tool for the middle class in America. Indeed, over the course of the post-World War II his-tory, home ownership has been the most significant wealth builder for the 
middle class. Wall Street turned it into a predatory, wealth-stripping experi-ence, and we restored it to ensure the financial success of working families. 
We ensured that banks and financial 
institutions have skin in the game, mandating they retain risk in the prod-ucts they sell. We established the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, to prevent scams from stripping wealth from our working families. 
Before we established the Consumer 
Financial Protection Bureau, consumer protection was handled by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve also han-dled monetary policy. Monetary policy was much more exciting, and perhaps they thought it was more up to their sophisticated educations. They took consumer protection and put it in the basement of the Federal Reserve, and they locked it up and then threw away the key. They never honored their re-sponsibilities for consumer protection, allowing all of these predatory prac-tices that we had to end through the Dodd-Frank legislation. 
To date, the CFPB has returned more 
than $11 billion to 25 million wronged consumers. That is a pretty impressive record. Show me something else that has brought a little bit of justice and a lot of financial restitution to 25 mil-lion wronged American citizens. 
The commonsense reforms we estab-
lished laid the groundwork for a finan-cial system that is not premised on ele-vating quarterly profit margins on Wall Street. It is not about the size of bonuses on Wall Street but is instead about providing a foundation for our businesses and families to thrive finan-cially. That is building the future pros-perity of America. 
Nobody wants to repeat the financial 
collapse, the bailouts, and the eco-nomic recession. We spent 6 years digging out of the hole that was cre-ated. But despite the fact that to re-turn to this model would be so destruc-tive to American families, there are at this very moment colleagues of mine gathering in rooms in the Senate and in the House who are preparing policy riders to return us back to those dark days. They want to add policy riders to the financial year 2016 appropriations bills designed to turn back these im-provements that restored home owner-ship for American families, that re-stored financial systems for small busi-nesses. I wholeheartedly oppose attach-ing these policy riders to the spending bills. And the American people don’t like it either. 
So what is going on? One conversa-
tion is to design policy riders to re-verse the improvements we made in mortgage guidelines, to ensure that mortgages did build the wealth of the middle class instead of preying on the middle class. 
Second, there are conversations 
going on about policy riders designed to weaken the tools and authorities of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC. During 2002, 2007, 2008, we didn’t have anyone system-
ically looking at weaknesses in the system. I remember looking at a chart that laid out the vast growth in preda-tory teaser rate loans that started in 2003. As that chart surged upwards for those loans as a percent of all loans done in America, the number of prime loans came down just as dramatically. We now understand why. The origina-tors were telling their customers: You 
don’t want this prime loan—this low- interest rate locked in for 30 years. You want this teaser rate loan. You get a little bit of a lower rate in the begin-ning. 
They never explained to their cus-
tomer that their interest rate was going to go up dramatically just 2 years later to a level they wouldn’t be able to afford, and yet that originator was getting undisclosed kickbacks. 
I say this because had there been an 
FSOC in place, we would have been re-viewing that chart and saying: Wait; what is going wrong? From 2003 to 2005, we have this huge surge in predatory lending. Why do we have this huge col-lapse of prime lending? 
They would have talked to the Wall 
Street Journal. The Wall Street Jour-nal ran an article, an analysis, a study that looked at this and virtually said that all those folks who are being steered into these subprime loans qualified for prime loans. This is the essence of a predatory practice. An FSOC would have seen that and said that something needs to be done. That is why we have it—to look at bubbles or possible bubbles in our economy or practices in our economy that are going to cause a future collapse and to remedy these problems before they happen. Despite that, we have folks right now trying to undo the creation of the FSOC or disable it from being able to do its job. 
There is another group that is gath-
ering to try to undermine the success or ability of having a watchdog—the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau—on the beat, ending predatory loan practices from here forward. 
They can’t just go through statute, 
because as soon as they outlaw this practice over here, another one devel-ops over here. There are newly in-vented strategies to continuously find new ways to turn solid, successful fi-nancial products into predatory prod-ucts—misleading products, gouging products, products that explode in a couple years that consumers are not fully informed on. So we have to have a commission to be able to stop those practices. 
It is the same thing we have in con-
sumer products. We don’t have detailed legislation that says: You can’t design a toaster with this, this, this, and this. Instead, we have a Consumer Product Safety Commission that looks at it and says: These new products are unsafe, and for these reasons they can’t be al-lowed. New products come in, they get examined, and they make sure we con-tinue to have safe products. It should be the same for our financial products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.046 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8137 November 19, 2015 
The CFPB has done an extraordinary 
job ending predatory practices and re-turning funds to ordinary working fam-ilies. If you want working families to fail, then allow predatory products. If you want them to succeed, if you have a vision for America that involves the success of families, then let’s end these financial wealth-stripping predatory practices. That means the CFPB has to be able to do its job. So it would be 100 percent the wrong direction to put these policy riders in the dark of night to dismantle the Dodd-Frank protec-tions on these spending bills. 
The Senate Democratic caucus is 
going to keep fighting for our Amer-ican families. We are going to keep fighting for our American consumers. We are going to keep fighting for the success of individuals across this coun-try and to ensure that the Wall Street casino stays closed. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BUDGET AGREEMENT 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, 3 short 
weeks ago, many of us, many of my colleagues enthusiastically welcomed the budget agreement reached between the White House and congressional leaders of both parties. It was a budget agreement that put aside the short- term shutdown politics and gave us the opportunity to finally give American families and businesses the longer term economic certainty they need and de-serve. It was a budget agreement that made balanced increases in both de-fense and nondefense discretionary spending—increases that were fully paid for. It was a budget agreement that was negotiated in good faith by Republican and Democratic leadership and the White House. It was a preview of what we might be able to accomplish if we put the politics of the moment, the partisan politics of the 2016 cam-paign, and other issues aside and actu-ally focus on getting some things done. 
Barely 3 weeks later, barely 3 weeks 
since bipartisan majorities approved the agreement in both letter and spirit, here we are again staring down a po-tential government shutdown we all thought we had avoided because there was some insistence here—some col-leagues who are insisting on poisoning the appropriations bills with policy rid-ers which they know are opposed and which would undermine the ability of the Federal Government to function. 
Let’s be clear. The policy riders we 
are discussing, the policy riders I am objecting to don’t represent a good- faith policy debate. These are predomi-nantly partisan political priorities that Republicans are otherwise unwilling to 
bring to the floor of this Chamber be-cause they know they aren’t popular with the American people. For exam-ple, in my view, we shouldn’t be using the appropriations process to try to dismantle or sideline the Environ-mental Protection Agency and put clean air, clean water, and climate ac-tion at risk. If the majority chooses to make devesting cuts to Planned Par-enthood, which more than 8,000 resi-dents of my home State of Delaware rely on for health care and family plan-ning, I think my colleagues should bring it to the floor in a separate bill so the American people know that is the focus of the legislation. 
I join my colleagues today to make it 
clear that we are not going to use the appropriations process to pass narrow ideological riders that would not other-wise have been considered on this floor and have not made it through the ap-propriate process. 
As the ranking member of the Appro-
priations financial services sub-committee, I want to be clear that it is particularly unacceptable to me to use the appropriations process to roll back many of the critical Wall Street re-forms put in place over 5 years ago in response to the financial crisis that was devastating to the economy, to families, and to businesses throughout Delaware and the country. If the ma-jority wants to bring a bill to the floor that rolls back some of the key con-sumer protections put in place in the Dodd-Frank bill, then let’s have that debate. Frankly, it is a debate we at times have been engaged in on large- and small-scale issues. 
The problem for my colleagues is 
that they don’t have enough support in the Senate to pass these changes in a stand-alone bill. That is why they have taken the troubling step of jamming a 200-page bill—an entire banking bill loaded with controversial riders—right into a must-pass, last-minute govern-ment funding bill. 
I ask my colleagues—it is my hope 
and my expectation that many of my Republican colleagues would say that I give honest and thorough consideration to new policy proposals, even ones I am disinclined to agree with. I am open to discussing ways to improve existing re-forms so we don’t unfairly burden, for example, small community banks that weren’t responsible for the financial crisis. No legislation is perfect, but compromising and improving is what authorizing bills and policymaking bills are all about. But the examples I referenced are a few of many areas that should not be jammed into an appro-priations bill at the last minute with-out being fully and carefully vetted by the authorizing committee. 
It would be difficult for me today to 
address all the different policy riders that are in the various pieces of the ap-propriations bills currently under con-sideration. They range from education, to health, labor, natural resources, en-vironment, civil rights, justice, hous-ing, immigration, voting rights, tele-
communications, to name just a few. 
Our budgets—how we spend the tax-
payers’ dollars—are a reflection of our priorities. But there is a substantial difference between using the appropria-tions process to support a specific pro-gram, department, or Federal activity and using it to sneak around the legis-lative process and to jam new, big changes into last-minute appropria-tions bills. 
Instead of manufacturing another 
crisis here in the days ahead, instead of having to look over the cliff of a gov-ernment shutdown, let’s get back to regular order, fulfill our responsibility 
to responsibly fund the government, and separately engage in positive dis-cussions about how we can make the policy changes we need to ensure that our economy is competitive, that our country is innovative, and that our so-ciety continues to benefit from the work we all do here together. 
P
AUL RYAN has barely had time to 
set up his new office and settle into his new role and we are already back in crisis mode, walking back an agree-ment that, as I said at the outset, a majority of this Congress supported and a majority of America cheered. 
I urge my colleagues to put the mid-
dle class and the stability and future of our economy ahead of partisan politics. Let’s negotiate a clean and honest, a clear omnibus spending bill that is free of poison pill policy riders that only serve to divide this body and to unite special interests who at times work against us. 
With that, I thank the Presiding Offi-
cer and yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AQUADVANTAGE SALMON 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
have come to the floor this afternoon to speak on an energy-related topic— one that I think the Presiding Officer and many will have interest in—and that is the issue of innovation within the energy sector. 
Before I speak on energy, I wish to 
bring up an issue that has come about today with the announcement coming out of the Food and Drug Administra-tion that they have approved an appli-cation for what they have called AquAdvantage salmon. 
This is actually quite disturbing 
news to any of us who care about our wild species of salmon, our healthy wild stocks, and who are proponents of good amounts of fresh seafood in our diets, knowing that nutritionally it is a pretty extraordinary source of omega-3 fatty acids and good-for-you nutrients. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.051 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8138 November 19, 2015 
We have been trying to get the FDA 
to make good on their commitment to make sure that pregnant women and nursing mothers know and understand the guidelines out there in terms of what is safe to consume when it comes to fish because, again, when we are looking for that good, nutritious food source, it is pretty tough to beat Moth-er Nature. Yet, that is exactly what this approval from the FDA is trying to do, which is, effectively, not only trying to beat Mother Nature but messing with Mother Nature. 
Again, as one who believes that the 
real thing is the best thing for our fam-ilies, the best thing to serve at the din-ner table, I find it very troubling. In fact, I am spitting mad today. I have calmed down a lot since I received this news this morning, but I can tell my colleagues that people back home are going to be mad about this for a long time. 
For about 5 years now, the FDA has 
been considering this application for this genetically engineered salmon. Again, they are giving it a pretty nice name, calling it the AquAdvantage, that somehow or another this gives an advantage to the salmon. Well, it does. What it does is allow this genetically engineered fish—I don’t even know that I want to call it a fish—this ge-netically engineered organism to grow twice as fast as any other salmon in the water. 
So how does it get to grow twice as 
fast? Well, it doesn’t happen naturally. It is not the way Mother Nature orders it. What they do is they start messing with it. This process, which has now been approved by the FDA, is a process that splices genetic material from a Chinook salmon, a king salmon, and it takes that genetic material and it inte-grates it with a pout fish and an Atlan-tic salmon. People might know about an Atlantic salmon, a farmed salmon. What is an ocean pout? Let me show my colleagues what an ocean pout is. An ocean pout is basically this eel-type of bottom fish. Those of my colleagues who know their salmon know about the Chinooks, the sockeyes, and the chums, and they know that this isn’t anything close to a salmon, whether it is a wild Alaskan salmon or whether it is a farmed salmon. This is an eel. We are taking a splice from this, and we are taking a splice from an Atlantic salmon, and we are basically splicing this with a Chinook salmon. The re-sulting organism, this company claims, is going to grow to the size of an Alas-kan king salmon in a shorter period of time than that found in nature. Freaky. 
We call this combination 
‘‘Frankenfish’’ because it is just not right. It is just not right. It disturbs me, quite honestly, that the FDA would sign off on the approval of a ge-netically engineered animal designed for human consumption. This is the first time ever. 
The FDA is saying this is going to be 
safe: We are going to make sure it is safe. We are going to make sure that it 
doesn’t interbreed with the wild stocks, and thus perhaps destroy them. We are going to make sure that it doesn’t mix with them so that it doesn’t transmit disease. We are going to make sure that it is separated so that it doesn’t eat up all of the wild sources available for our Alaskan salm-
on. 
They are going to make sure, appar-
ently by doing this, because they are saying that with this approval, these AquAdvantage salmon can only be raised in land-based, contained hatch-ery tanks in two specific facilities in Canada and in Panama. We should all feel safer, I guess, because it is all going to be in Canada and Panama. There are no other locations under this application in the United States or elsewhere that are authorized to do this. Somehow or other, the FDA says they are going to maintain regulatory oversight over the production and the facilities, and they are going to con-duct inspections to confirm that ade-quate physical containment measures remain in place. They will be working with the Canadian and Panamanian governments to be conducting inspec-tions. Really? Do I feel safer about making sure that our wild and healthy stocks are going to be not infiltrated by the Frankenfish, by these geneti-cally engineered organisms designed for human consumption, designed to grow twice as fast to get to the size of a king salmon, so that a company can derive the benefit of selling more of this fish. 
Well, I am saying FDA should never 
have approved this—never have ap-proved this. The fact is that the Alaska delegation, as well as members of other delegations in this body and on the other side, have pounded their fists for quite some time against this measure through the FDA. They know full well how much we object to it. At 7:55 last night my assistant got an email from the FDA saying that commissioner would like to talk to me about some imminent news. By the time the morn-ing came around, the imminent news was already made public. Alaskans were already aware that this approval from FDA had come forth. It was not only me; it is my understanding that the head of the agriculture appropria-tions subcommittee—I met with him yesterday—didn’t get a heads-up about it. The nominee was before us yester-day in the HELP Committee, and I ac-tually put two questions to him about seafood. There was no heads-up that this was coming our way, just kind of, boom, lay it on the table. 
I have to tell my colleagues, we have 
made no bones about the fact that this is wrong not only for Alaska and our wild stocks, it is wrong for our salmon stocks around the country, and it is something I am going to continue to fight. 
I am not sure as we deal with this 
news today if we can get the FDA to re-verse this. I am going to keep working on it. But at a bare minimum, people 
around this country need to know what they are serving their families when it comes to seafood. If this is going to be allowed into the markets, if it is going to be allowed on restaurant menus, then it needs to be labeled as such. 
The FDA has said there will be draft 
guidance on voluntary labeling indi-cating whether food has or has not been derived from GE Atlantic salmon. So, basically, if you want to put a label on that says this is a fake fish, a fake salmon, you can go ahead, but you don’t have to. It is only voluntary. 
That is not good enough for this 
mom. That is not good enough for most who care about what their families are eating. So we are going to continue to press for mandatory labeling if the FDA is going to approve— wrongheadedly, in my mind—this ge-netically engineered fake fish for human consumption. They darn well better agree that labeling will be re-quired because I am not going to eat it. 
f 
ENERGY INNOVATION 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, let 
me switch to a better topic, and that is one I know the Presiding Officer cares a great deal about; that is, the issue of energy and the importance of energy to our Nation’s economy and to our over-all health. 
I have come to this floor many times 
to highlight what I believe are the shortsighted, anti-energy decisions that we have seen come from this ad-ministration. Whether we are talking about the Keystone XL Pipeline, more than 7 years of delay and the eventual rejection of that infrastructure, wheth-er it is the burdensome rules coming out of the EPA that raise the energy costs or whether it is the actions from the Department of Interior that seek to halt resource development in Fed-eral areas, this administration has rarely ever worked with us to promote responsible energy, mineral, and tim-ber development. 
In Alaska this ever-shifting Federal 
regulatory environment played a very key role in the recent decision by Shell to abandon 7 years of work and $7 bil-lion of investment in the offshore Arc-tic. It was just this week we received word that another company, looking again at low oil prices but seeing this same deteriorating regulatory environ-ment, decided to follow suit, and they are seeking to return their leases in the offshore. 
The Obama administration has also 
canceled offshore lease sales in the State. It has hamstrung projects in our National Petroleum Reserve, which we absolutely need if we are ever going to refill our Trans-Alaska Pipeline. It has placed half of the National Petroleum Reserve off-limits, even though it was specifically designated for develop-ment. Of course we all know the situa-tion in ANWR. This administration is trying to lock away 10 billion barrels of oil in the nonwilderness portion of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.055 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8139 November 19, 2015 
ANWR, which could be safely produced 
with development of just 0.01 percent of its surface area. The list goes on and on. 
I told you I was going to move to 
more promising and more uplifting subjects than Frankenfish and what the administration has done to sup-press our ability to access our energy resources. I do want to move to an-other area because I think this is an area and a focus that I would like to believe we can find support, not only working with the administration but working with colleagues and building some partnerships on both the public and the private side. This is in the area of energy innovation, where I believe there is greater hope for working to-gether with this administration to make a real difference for our Nation. Innovation holds tremendous promise, not just for us as policymakers but also in terms of long-lasting benefits that it can deliver for not only the United States but around the world. 
Innovation doesn’t require more com-
plex and costly regulations. It doesn’t need to choose winners or losers in the energy sector. Instead, innovation of-fers a chance at common ground that will deliver results and help power our Nation for decades to come. No matter your motivation for seeking cleaner and more affordable energy, we should all be able to agree that without inno-vation—without pushing every day for that greater technology—our energy future and our economic prosperity are hardly secure. 
The good news for us in this country 
is that the United States is the global leader in innovation. We hear this is a race and that America is falling be-hind, but I would contend that our strength and skill are unmatched. Our innovation, ideas, inventions and our products and processes have changed history and in turn changed the world. 
The United States has led the way in 
research and development that has changed our lives and lives across the world for the better. Among Federal agencies, the Department of Energy, in particular, has played an important role in these efforts, and I think they can make even greater contributions, especially when it comes to vital basic research. 
The DOE is hardly perfect. Many of 
us would make changes to the scope of its mission and improve its priorities if we were given the chance, but given that, the Department has also sparked innovation that has helped transform the global energy landscape. The most successful innovations give us more en-ergy, reduce the amount of energy we use, as well as lower the cost we pay for energy. I think as we move forward we should keep those goals in focus and we will improve. Increasing access to energy, making it more affordable, and improving its environmental perform-ance are the key factors that drive our innovation policy. 
Those of us on the Energy and Nat-
ural Resources Committee are always talking about innovation and how best 
to promote it through reasonable Fed-eral policies. We understand how crit-ical it is to our Nation’s future. That is why energy and the innovation part of energy is a key part of our broad bipar-tisan Energy bill that we reported through the energy committee by a vote of 18 to 4 back in July. 
The bill also includes legislation that 
is authored by Senator A
LEXANDER to 
renew some of the energy-related por-tions of the America COMPETES Act. We have agreed to authorize a 4-per-cent increase in funding for basic en-ergy research each year, which I think puts us on a responsible path to double our Nation’s commitment to it. 
It is basic research that is at the 
heart of the mission of our system of national labs and also many of our re-search universities. The men and women in the research sector are push-ing to make that fundamental dis-covery—to conduct the basic research that could find the next big thing for energy. This type of research should be a priority for us, and the Department of Energy should be committed to help-ing new discoveries transition to mar-ket viability. 
Within this bipartisan bill we also re-
authorize the ARPA-E Program, which solicits ideas that are too early for pri-vate sector investment but with bridge funding has the opportunity to trans-form the energy sector. ARPA–E is a true hands-on program that ensures awardees meet milestones toward the goal of market viability. ARPA–E hasn’t been around that long, but it has been promoting some good ideas, strong ideas, and producing some good results. 
Our bill also supports innovation in a 
number of other areas; specifically, en-ergy efficiency, energy storage, and distribution; in vehicles it provides for hybrid microgrid systems; and for recy-cling, for geothermal power, for marine hydrokinetic, and for many other de-veloping technologies. 
Recently, we have also seen more re-
ports of private individuals and compa-nies who plan to invest in energy tech-nologies with the potential to trans-form the way energy is produced, deliv-ered, and consumed. This, too, will help drive energy innovation in this coun-try. 
Back in July, Bill Gates announced 
his personal commitment to invest $1 billion over 5 years to advance new en-ergy technologies. He made that com-mitment based on his recognition that currently available energy options will not allow the world to achieve its much discussed climate goals in a way that also works to reduce the costs for people using energy. It is one thing to be working toward climate goals, but in doing so if all that we do is increase the cost to the consumer, that doesn’t help us. His focus is as much on clean air and clean water as it is on lifting people around the world out of poverty. 
I had the opportunity to meet with 
Mr. Gates several weeks ago and look forward to seeing what comes out of 
his commitment. I am also following the possibilities that are coming out of venture capital and other private in-vestments. I think these efforts aug-ment the Federal research and develop-ment dollars, in many cases ensuring that promising technologies are not just set up on a shelf somewhere but are pursued to a successful and produc-tive result. 
Now you have heard me say it on the 
floor many times, but we in the State of Alaska are desperate to see energy innovation. Energy prices in many parts of Alaska are much higher than the prices paid by our friends in the lower 48. In some communities in Alas-ka it costs 40 to 50 cents a kilowatt hour for electricity. In certain parts of the State, over half of a family’s budg-et goes just toward energy to keep warm and keep the lights on. Can you imagine what that means when over half of your family’s budget—half of your income—is used just to keep your lights on and keep yourself warm? It doesn’t leave a lot for anything else, such as educating your kids, feeding them or for health care. It is a huge issue for us. There are so many things that contribute to the high cost of en-ergy. It is the big geography and the 
lack of a comprehensive and inter-connected energy delivery system. We have tremendous energy potential in the State of Alaska, and unfortunately many of our communities are just not powered by it. We have natural gas in abundance, and yet our second largest community in Alaska doesn’t have ac-cess to natural gas. We are trying to get it there, but that is our current re-ality. 
Many communities in rural Alaska 
still rely on diesel to generate their power. Delivering the diesel, whether it is moving it up river by barge or flying it in by plane is hugely expensive. It is not sustainable. Innovation is essential to moving these rural communities— and even the not so rural commu-nities—off diesel and onto more sus-tainable, locally generated, and less ex-pensive energy systems. 
What we are doing in Alaska is bring-
ing some very innovative technologies to communities around the State through a variety of State-run pro-grams that are largely financed by the revenues that are derived from our oil production. Think about that. We are a State that derives most of our revenues and income from oil. We are taking a nonrenewable energy source, taking the revenues from that and helping to facilitate our renewable resources—our resources that will be there for well into the future. These programs need to be financed. We are doing so much of it from our oil production. Responsible development of Alaska’s resources has enabled our State to take the nec-essary steps to improve energy delivery in our remote communities. In many ways this is almost like a virtuous cycle, where current energy production helps fund the next generation of en-ergy production and where we harness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.056 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8140 November 19, 2015 
today’s energy to significantly improve 
the lives of our people. 
What we are seeing in the State are 
several communities working with var-ious State agencies to integrate wind, solar, and geothermal into their elec-tricity delivery system in an effort to displace the power that is normally generated from expensive diesel. It is the microgrids that we are seeing that are coming to be found as the solution. We are home to more microgrids in the State of Alaska than any other State out there. That is largely because they are the only option for us. They are the only option for many of our commu-nities that lie far outside any regional transmission grid. We have trans-mission grids in what we call the Railbelt area. But it is difficult when you have large geography and small population numbers. So you are going to have to figure out how you can lit-erally power one village at a time or maybe you get lucky and you are able to cluster a few. 
But knowing what, for instance, the 
island of Kodiak has done with being able to power a major seafood-pro-ducing port through wind, combined with their hydro resources and also utilizing batteries—that area in Ko-diak is almost 100 percent powered by renewable resources. This, again, is one of the major seafood-producing ports not only in the State but in the coun-try. So the energy that is needed for those processes is coming to us by re-newable energy sources—almost 100 percent. The irony—and we were able to talk about this briefly in the energy committee this morning—is that in order to meet increased demand in Ko-diak, they are going to need to expand one of their hydro facilities, Terror Lake, and so they have asked for as-sistance with that. If they cannot get the expansion, which some are object-ing to because they don’t want to see an expansion of that dam, what will happen? You go back to diesel. You go back to diesel. That is not the answer here. 
So what we have been doing with pio-
neering of our microgrids is something that I think provides States and the Federal Government with ample oppor-tunities to conduct research and de-velop solutions to better integrate re-newable technologies into these microgrids. In order for renewable technologies to be effective in the State, innovative research and develop-ment is required, and I think the result of those efforts has made a dramatic difference in many communities. 
Bringing renewables online in remote 
communities like Kodiak has displaced hundreds of thousands of gallons of die-sel fuel, not only saving the people who live there hundreds of thousands of dol-lars but resulting in a cleaner environ-ment overall. 
I do think it is exciting to think 
about what a difference future innova-tions in renewable technologies and en-ergy storage could mean for commu-nities not only in a place like Alaska but really around our country and 
around the world. Whether it is through Federal research and develop-ment, whether it is through our State programs that are assisting our private capital, promoting innovation is a clear path to lower energy costs and a future with cleaner water and cleaner air. 
We might not agree on every energy 
policy that comes to this Chamber, but I hope we can all agree that energy in-novation is one key to ensuring our economic growth, our national secu-rity, as well as our international com-petitiveness. I look forward to working with colleagues in all of these areas. 
With that, I see that my friend and 
colleague from Kansas—a gentleman who is always filled with thanksgiving and who has shared that with many of us today—is here on the floor, and so I will yield at this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sen-
ior Senator from Kansas. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I 
thank the distinguished Senator from Alaska for her kind comments, her ad-vice, and her help on several important issues we have worked on together. I hope she enjoyed the Thanksgiving meal we had—I guess it is called the Thursday lunch bunch. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST 
FRANCE AND GUANTANAMO BAY DETAINEES 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to congratulate the French Gov-ernment for taking aggressive and ap-propriate action to arrest and kill the terrorists responsible for last Friday’s vicious attack in Paris that resulted in 129 killed and over 300 wounded. We all pray for the full recovery of those wounded and note that everywhere within our country we see the Amer-ican flag at half staff, along with many displaying the flag of our ally France. 
The good news today is that the mas-
termind of several terrorist plots and the plot that killed so many last Fri-day is dead. Abdelhamid Abaaoud is dead in the same fashion as his vic-tims. So be it. Viva la France! Con-tinuer le combat! Keep up the fight. 
As our Nation memorializes those 
who perished in France, it is the abso-lute wrong time for President Obama and this administration to be putting forth a plan to relocate Guantanamo detainees to the U.S. mainland—the absolute wrong time. 
Now we learn that the administra-
tion has delayed the much-publicized but secret plan to close Guantanamo and bring terrorists to the United States. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said, ‘‘I don’t have any addi-tional guidance for you but the plan will come relatively soon.’’ He has been saying that for some time. Others think the plan could even be released while the President is gone for the G20 meeting in Turkey. As a personal aside, I might suggest he try to move the terrorists there. The reason Presi-dent Obama delayed the plan is that we 
had a terrorist attack in France. France has gone to war. The United States is on high alert. Apparently he has tossed this decision and public an-nouncement regarding the plan to the Department of Defense, which has stat-ed there is nothing imminent. Thank goodness for that. 
Now, beyond the security threat this 
poses to our communities in Kansas and in South Carolina or Colorado—the sites which this administration has surveyed for potential relocation— there has been no intelligence assess-ment regarding the danger of moving enemy combatants from Guantanamo to the United States. That is amazing. The question is, How can the adminis-
tration ask Kansans or Coloradans or South Carolinians or any Americans to paint a bull’s-eye on their community without providing assurances that moving detainees to the United States will not pose a threat to them or our national security? It seems unfathomable, yet this President is proposing to do just that. 
This President’s unending affinity for 
Executive orders risks overriding his Attorney General’s view of the law, the advice of those at the Department of Defense, especially those close to Fort Leavenworth, and military law en-forcement. It goes against the will of the Congress, which voted in this body 91 to 3 to maintain a prohibition on moving detainees to the mainland. 
There is absolutely no intelligence to 
support the move—none. In short, the Senate, Congress, Department of De-fense, the Attorney General, and the American people have spoken. 
Yesterday I wrote Department of De-
fense Secretary Carter to ask whether an intelligence report has been done to support the administration’s claims that Guantanamo Bay is a recruiting tool for ISIS and other terrorist orga-nizations. Some people believe that. Common sense tells you, however, that moving detainees to the mainland would be a greater recruiting tool for ISIS and other terrorist organizations. I asked if an assessment showed detain-ment in the United States would de-crease recruiting or did an intelligence product show that national security 
threats would decrease if any enemy combatants are held in the United States. From my discussions with Members of this body on the Senate In-telligence Committee, the answer is that they have no comprehensive intel-ligence assessment. 
Simply put, an assessment regarding 
the transfers of detainees to the main-land has not been done. So I have asked Secretary Carter and the Department of Defense to ensure that an assess-ment is completed. To do otherwise would be irresponsible and reckless. How can the President of the United States allow ISIS to paint a target on those who live near what would become Gitmo North? No community in the United States wants that label. 
Fort Leavenworth, in particular, is 
not a suitable replacement for Gitmo. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.057 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8141 November 19, 2015 
It is the intellectual center of the 
Army. It hosts our Nation’s best and brightest warfighters at the Command and General Staff College, which also hosts 100 international officers every year. 
I want to remind my colleagues just 
how important Fort Leavenworth’s mission is to the Army and to our na-tional security and of the risk that this entire mission would be endangered by making it a terrorist prison. 
Fort Leavenworth is home to the 
U.S. Army’s Training and Doctrine Command Combined Arms Center. The Combined Arms Center oversees 13 schools, including the Command and General Staff College. Most recently, Fort Leavenworth was named the ‘‘Army University,’’ giving our intel-lectual center of the Army an official title. Since 1881, the Command and General Staff College and the Com-bined Arms Center have been engaged in the primary mission of preparing the Army and its leaders for war. 
In order to accomplish critical mis-
sions, Fort Leavenworth develops and integrates Army leader development, doctrine education, lessons learned, functional training, training support, training development, and proponent responsibilities in order to support mission command and to prepare the Army to successfully conduct unified land operations in a joint, interagency, intergovernmental, multinational en-vironment—a lot of words. It is a big mission, an important mission. To de-grade Fort Leavenworth to a terrorist prison would have ominous repercus-sions to our professional military and the value it serves every American and our national security. 
In addition, we must consider how 
our allies will respond to having enemy combatants so close to their top mili-tary leaders training at Fort Leaven-worth. In my effort to reach out to Em-bassies tied to the school, all have ex-pressed their deep support for the International Military Officers Divi-sion, its value to their military and se-curity, and the importance of main-taining the program at Fort Leaven-worth. There is every possibility that the countries that participate in the Command and General Staff College would reconsider their participation given the relocation of terrorists. This would bring negative consequences and represent a terrible detriment to the partnership building that takes place during their course work. It would mean a loss of international coopera-tion for American military education and our national security. 
There are so many imperative factors 
that must be examined at Fort Leaven-worth, in Colorado, and in South Caro-lina, factors that we cannot ignore. The fact that the FBI has nearly 1,000 investigations into ISIS activity with-in the United States and all 50 States, that ISIS released a video right after the attacks in Paris stating that the United States was next, and, most im-portant, the fact that we are not deal-ing with everyday criminals—the de-
tainees currently held at Guantanamo Bay are enemy combatants, terrorists, individuals with no remorse, and with a recidivism of 30 percent and a strong desire to return to the battlefield. The reality is, these individuals and the or-ganizations they support pose the greatest risk to national security we face today. 
This administration should not ob-
struct the will of Congress reflecting the voice of the American people, which has prohibited this White House from transferring detainees from Gitmo to the United States every year since 2009 when we first won this bat-tle. We won the battle back then. Why do we have to repeat it now? 
If the President believes he can act 
without consequences, he is wrong. Again, 91 Senators voted in favor of this prohibition just last week when we passed the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. That is not just a majority, that is a veto-proof majority. Article II of the Constitution does not provide this President—any President—with the power to ignore the law. 
Just the other night in a tele-town-
hall meeting, caller after caller asked if the President’s actions are constitu-tional. The question was, How can the President do this when Congress has prohibited funding? In my view and that of the President’s own Attorney General, if the President acts by Exec-utive order, he is acting unconsti-tutionally. 
I agree with our Founding Fathers 
such as George Mason who said ‘‘When the same man, or set of men, holds the sword and the purse, there is an end of liberty’’ and James Madison who said it is ‘‘particularly dangerous to give the keys of the treasury and the com-mand of the army, into the same hands.’’ 
I have mentioned the Congress, the 
merits of Ft. Leavenworth, the Con-stitution, but what I have not men-tioned yet are our servicemembers. We have asked so much of our men and women in uniform over the past 14 years. We have asked them to go into harm’s way before every bit of equip-ment was ready. We have asked them to deploy and redeploy with almost no dwell time. We have asked them to ex-tend their stays, and we have put them in more places across the globe than any period in history. They have done it all without hesitation or complaint because we have the best fighting force in the history of the world. 
I am unwilling to ask them to take 
on the challenge of guarding enemy combatants in the United States and put their families at risk for harass-ment, kidnapping, or other tactics homegrown terrorists and foreign fighters have used or will use. Our sol-diers, sailors, airmen, and marines do not live anonymously when their fami-lies are stationed with them, as is the case at Ft. Leavenworth. 
I believe, along with many who have 
worn the uniform, that the attacks in Benghazi may have broken the Na-
tion’s promise to never leave a man in harm’s way. On a personal note, when I signed up to enlist in the U.S. Marine Corps, I was told that if I was in harm’s way, I would never be left behind. That is what the Marine Corps could do for me. The Corps would have my back ei-ther by squad—if I got in harm’s way— or they would send the platoon or the company or the battalion or the regi-ment or the division or the whole Ma-rine Corps, and I believed that. I still believe it as the senior marine in the Congress. The Marines would have my back. 
It has been the same for generations 
before me and hopefully generations after—that is, until now. If we are going to ask our men and women to fight ISIS or to put their families at risk, they have to know that we have their backs. 
Until that bond is restored and we 
have a President who is willing to lead instead of following, our Nation re-mains vulnerable to every terrorist or-ganization and cell in the world. We must put national security back as our top priority. It must be our first duty in Congress and by the Commander in Chief. 
I stand on the floor because Amer-
ica’s national security is my top pri-ority. Bringing Guantanamo Bay de-tainees to the United States is not put-ting our Nation’s security above poli-tics, campaign promises, or anything else. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
f 
FUNDING VETERANS PROGRAMS 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the best 
way to fight this war on terrorism is to give the President of the United States the tools he has asked for and he needs. Part of that is fully funding support for veterans. 
The Presiding Officer sits on the Vet-
erans’ Affairs Committee with me. He stood side by side with most of us on funding veterans programs. 
Some of my colleagues haven’t. They 
are happy to send people off to war and spend all the money we need but are not so generous when it comes to tak-ing care of our men and women when they return. There are higher suicide rates, higher head injury rates, higher drug addiction rates, and higher unem-ployment than regular civilians. Yet people in this body, especially the tea party in the House of Representatives, sometimes don’t seem to be able to find the money to spend to help veterans. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ADAM SZUBIN 
Mr. BROWN. Another way to fight 
this war on terrorism and to help our efforts on fighting ISIS is to actually put the people in place in the U.S. Gov-ernment who help us do that. I came to the floor today to join Senator C
ASEY — 
my friend from Pennsylvania who is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.059 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8142 November 19, 2015 
going to mention him too—and to sup-
port the nomination of Adam Szubin. 
Adam Szubin has been delayed for 
more than 200 days by Republican ob-struction in the Senate banking com-mittee. Well, who is Adam Szubin? Adam Szubin has been nominated—lis-ten to this job—to be the Under Sec-retary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes at the Treasury Department. This isn’t a low-level employee who has nothing to do with ISIS, fighting ISIS, and fighting terrorism; this is the No. 1 person in the Treasury Department— perhaps the No. 1 person in our whole government next to the Commander in Chief—who is in the position to fight terrorism and fight the kinds of finan-cial crimes that ISIS depends on to fund its operations. 
We had a hearing. Originally Mr. 
Szubin worked for the Bush adminis-tration for a number of years. He has been serving interim during the Obama administration, but my colleagues on the banking committee, my colleagues in the Senate, simply have refused to bring Mr. Szubin to a vote. He served Republican and Democratic adminis-trations in senior positions. There is no question, zero question, that he is qualified for this position. 
Let me tell you a little more about 
him. In 15 years he has distinguished himself as a tough, aggressive enforcer of our Nation’s sanction laws—not against England or Germany—but against countries such as Iran, Russia, North Korea, against money launderers, against terrorists, against narcotraffickers, the source of a good bit of the money for terrorist groups such as ISIS. 
Republicans say the administration 
is not doing enough; Barack Obama won’t stand up. Well, the Republicans are blocking this appointment that would give the President the tools he needs to fight terrorism. 
Again, more about Mr. Szubin, he 
earned his undergraduate and law de-grees with high honors, he was a Ful-bright scholar in Israel before joining the Department of Justice. As I said, he served with President Bush and with President Obama; he was counsel to the Deputy Attorney General. He worked as trial attorney on the Ter-rorism Litigation Task Force. He re-ceived the Department of Justice Spe-cial Commendation Award for his work countering terrorism. For 9 years he directed the Treasury’s Office of For-eign Assets Control. Many of us first came to know him then—in both par-ties—as a thoughtful policymaker and superb lawyer. Both parties respected him until Barack Obama nominated him; then Republicans seemed to forget how good he was and how qualified he was. 
The Anti-Defamation League in this 
letter described him as an ‘‘intellectual heavyweight who has worked effec-tively with global partners to amplify the effects of U.S. sanctions.’’ 
The United Against Nuclear Iran, a 
group that strongly opposed the Presi-dent’s deal with Iran, supports Mr. 
Szubin to be promoted, to be confirmed by the Senate. 
Many of my colleagues on the bank-
ing committee said: We are not going to confirm Szubin because he was for the Iran nuclear deal. Well, he worked for the President of the United States, who was negotiating it. Of course, he was for it. But are they going to oppose him because they don’t like what his boss did or are they opposing him be-cause they don’t like much of anything President Obama did? 
The fact is that group after group, 
whether they are for the Iran nuclear agreement or against it—it really doesn’t matter—supports Mr. Szubin. 
His mentor, Bush Under Secretary 
Stuart Levy—his mentor and his prede-cessor, not immediate predecessor but predecessor—was confirmed by the Senate 3 weeks after his nomination. But you know what, both parties then with President Bush recognized that you confirm somebody who is central to the war on terrorism. Republicans then believed that. 
Today, with a Democratic President, 
even though Adam Szubin is supported by darn near everybody—with his qualifications, with his support and work in two administrations—they don’t want to bring him forward for a vote. I am not even sure why. I hear all kinds of reasons, none of them really on the record, none of them official, from my colleagues. Oh, they don’t like President Obama or this guy must be a bad guy because President Obama ap-pointed him or he was part of the gov-ernment when the nuclear agreement with Iran was negotiated. All of these reasons simply don’t pass a straight- face test. This is a critical national se-curity post, and it needs to be filled permanently and quickly. 
Mr. Szubin heads what is, in effect, 
Treasury’s economic war room. It man-ages U.S. efforts to combat terrorist fi-nancing and fight financial crimes. Again, ISIS, ISIL, gets a good bit of its funding through illegal activities like that. If the U.S.—and if Mr. Szubin has the full range of powers that we have given him in the Congress, he can help us fight that kind of financing, stop that kind of financing for ISIS. 
He is helping to lead the charge to 
choke off their funding sources to pre-vent them from developing additional capacity to strike more targets around the world. He is working to hold Iran to its commitments under the nuclear deal and to lead a campaign against the full range of Iran’s other destruc-tive activities. He is supported by the Global Jewish Advocacy and, as I said earlier, by the Anti-Defamation League and by United Against Nuclear Iran. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the documents 
from the organizations I just men-tioned. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: AMERICAN JEWISH COMMITTEE , 
Washington, DC, November 4, 2015. 
AJC S TATEMENT ON ADAM J. S ZUBIN NOMINEE  
FOR UNDER SECRETARY OF TREASURY FOR  
TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL INTELLIGENCE  
Jason Isaacson, AJC Associate Executive 
Director for Policy, today issued the fol-lowing statement on the organization’s be-half: 
AJC has worked with, and admired the 
dedication and effectiveness of, the Under Secretary-designee for Terrorism and Finan-cial Intelligence, Adam Szubin, whose nomi-nation is now before the Senate Banking Committee. 
At a time when Iran and its terrorist prox-
ies are ever more active and empowered, and when other terrorist threats to the United States and its allies are escalating, it is ur-gent that Treasury have in this critical posi-tion an experienced, creative, tireless watch-dog, who has the know-how and the author-ity to lead U.S. efforts to track and choke off the financial lifeblood of terror. 
As Acting Under Secretary, Adam Szubin 
has demonstrated that resolve and that skill—to the benefit of America’s security and that of our allies. We look forward to his continued public service. 
ANTI-DEFAMATION LEAGUE , 
New York, NY, September 9, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD SHELBY , 
Chairman, Banking Committee, U.S. Senate, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. S HERROD BROWN , 
Ranking Member, Banking Committee, U.S. 
Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SHELBY AND RANKING MEM-
BER BROWN : On behalf of the Anti-Defama-
tion League, we write in support of President Obama’s nomination of Adam J. Szubin to serve as Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of Treasury. 
As director of Treasury’s Office of Foreign 
Assets Control (OFAC), Mr. Szubin has earned a reputation as an intellectual heavy-weight who has worked effectively with glob-al partners to amplify the effects of U.S. sanctions. OFAC has been dubbed America’s war room, a front line for the United States and its allies against terrorists and tyrants. It is a critical part of the effort to engage global partners to amplify the impact of sanctions and to innovate in the way that the U.S. targets violators. 
OFAC’s effectiveness, under Mr. Szubin’s 
leadership, has exemplified the balance be-tween working quietly behind the scenes or through diplomatic channels and sending strong public messages around the world about America’s robust commitment to crack down sponsors of tcrror like Iran. 
But Mr. Szubin has done much more than 
simply ably administer and enforce U.S. sanction against terrorism, weapons pro-liferation and rogue states. He has continued to expand and innovate how sanctions are devised and implemented as he has done with respect to sanctions on Iran and Russia. 
As Members of Congress have debated how 
to balance diplomacy and sanctions, leaders on all sides of the debate are unified in their assessment that the strong, vigorous en-forcement efforts by committed profes-sionals like Adam Szubin have been one of the most potent and effective tools against the funding of terror and the isolation of rogue regimes. 
We urge the Committee to act promptly 
and favorably on Mr. Szubin’s nomination. 
Sincerely, 
J
ONATHAN GREENBLATT , 
National Director. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.060 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8143 November 19, 2015 
[From the United Against Nuclear Iran, Nov. 
3, 2015] 
UANI S UPPORTS SENATE CONFIRMATION OF  
ADAM SZUBIN AS UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL CRIMES  
AMBASSADOR WALLACE AND SENATOR LIEBER -
MAN EXPRESS SUPPORT FOR CONFIRMATION  
NEWYORK, NY—United Against Nuclear 
Iran (UANI) CEO Ambassador Mark D. Wal-lace and UANI Chairman Senator Joseph I. Lieberman issued the following statement today regarding the Senate confirmation of Adam Szubin as Under Secretary for Ter-rorism and Financial Crimes in the U.S. De-partment of the Treasury: 
‘‘UANI was a leading opponent of the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) nu-clear agreement with Iran. The administra-tion’s success in blocking bipartisan and ma-jority opposition to the JCPOA on Capitol Hill should not be the basis to oppose the confirmation of Director Szubin as Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Crimes. Simply put, he is the best person for the job, a true expert, a dedicated public servant and fully committed to serve his country. He has shown those traits over two successive administrations—a rare feat in Washington. On behalf of UANI, and in the strongest possible terms, we support Direc-tor Szubin’s confirmation. We respectfully call on all of our Senate friends who were rightfully frustrated by the administration’s tactics related to the JCPOA to put those concerns aside and support the confirmation of Director Szubin.’’ 
Mr. BROWN. He has support across 
the political spectrum—or at least he did until he was nominated by this President. 
I serve on the banking committee 
with Chairman S
HELBY . I sit next to 
him as the ranking member. I like Sen-ator S
HELBY . I work with Mr. S HELBY  
day-by-day on many things. He has de-scribed Mr. Szubin as ‘‘eminently qualified.’’ He has served with distinc-tion in senior national security roles— I will say it again—for 15 years under Presidents of both parties. He is well regarded around the world for his intel-lect, courage, and expertise. He de-serves the strong backing of the Sen-ate. 
Republicans in Congress need to stop 
holding our national security appa-ratus hostage to political demands. They should allow—we should allow Adam Szubin and other national secu-rity nominees to be approved as soon as possible. 
Again, strip the partisanship away. 
Do what is right: Confirm Adam Szubin; confirm these other national security people. 
They aren’t controversial. The only 
thing controversial about these nomi-nations is that Barack Obama made them. Well, the last time I checked, he was elected President of the United States twice, including my No. 1 swing State in the country—the hardest one to win, the one that both parties fight for in every election. He carried my State twice. He carried my State by over 100,000 votes. 
He is the President of the United 
States. He appointed Adam Szubin, who is eminently qualified, who has had support from both parties. Why don’t my colleagues confirm him, giv-ing him the full range of powers to 
fight ISIS, to keep ISIS from getting the resources and the financing they are getting now to launch these ter-rible terrorist crimes against innocent men and women all over the world? 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in morning business. 
The Senator is recognized. 
f 
ISIS 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about the recent ter-rorist attacks around the world—in-cluding, of course, the horror of Paris— but also to talk about what undergirds that, and that is the threat posed by ISIS. Some use the acronym ISIL; Daesh is another phrase that has been used to describe this vicious terrorist group. But I think we need to—at the same time as we are trying to prevent terrorist attacks—focus on the broader policy to destroy ISIS. 
We know it has been 4
1⁄2years since 
the people of Syria began protesting against the repressive regime of Bashar al-Assad. As we also know, that con-flict escalated rapidly and was coupled with a dysfunctional and sectarian gov-ernment in Iraq, especially starting from the capital of Baghdad. The fight-ing and unrest created space for extre-mism to grow and to take root. 
About 1
1⁄2years ago, we saw the 
emergence of the group we now know as ISIS. This group poses a very serious threat to our national security as well as to the security of many parts of the world. There is no question that ISIS is a clear threat to the security of our partners in the region and—as we know most horrifically, in the last few days—in Europe. 
They also have a desire to attack the 
U.S. homeland. We know that. We have to remember that this is a group that originated as an Al Qaeda offshoot. They share the same motivations or at least similar motivations, and they, of course, share the same brutality, if not worse. 
In recent weeks, ISIS has claimed re-
sponsibility for horrific attacks outside of Syria and Iraq. They claim responsi-bility for the bombing of a Russian air-liner that went down over Egypt in the Sinai, killing all of its passengers— Russian passengers. ISIS suicide bomb-ers attacked a market in Beirut, Leb-anon, last week, just before Paris. Then, of course, came Friday night, the 13th. This was, as has been reported, a coordinated, ruthless, and despicable attack in Paris that killed 129 innocent civilians. 
So what this horror—and we could 
list other examples, but these most re-cent events remind us—what this hor-ror reminds us, is what our job is in Congress and across our country, but especially when it comes to the role of 
the U.S. Federal Government. We have at least two responsibilities in this area. No. 1 is to prevent terrorists from coming into the United States of America; and second, but related, is to destroy ISIS, without a doubt. To do both of these will continue to be dif-ficult and challenging. Anyone who comes up with a simple proposal or a commentary that makes it seem sim-ple really doesn’t know what they are talking about, really doesn’t under-stand the complexity of this. I even doubt their commitment to it when they give one-line answers to difficult challenging problems. 
Last year, I was blessed, in June of 
2014, to have the chance to go to Nor-mandy. Senator L
EAHY , the senior Sen-
ator from Vermont, organized a visit to Normandy on the 70th anniversary of D-day. For someone representing any State—in my case representing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, from where so many Pennsylvanians and, of course, so many Americans died on the beaches of Normandy or died within days of that battle—it was deeply mov-ing to be in Normandy, to listen to presentations from those who had lived through the horror of Normandy and those who were coming back to cele-brate the fact that they had served and were alive after these 70 years. 
We were able to see the beaches. We 
saw the cemetery. I walked down to the cemetery, and the first grave I hap-pened to look at was one of a Pennsyl-vania soldier, just fortuitously when I was looking at the first marker, the first grave. 
One of the themes of that visit, of 
course, was France, the people of France thanking the United States, thanking allies and expressing grati-tude in so many different ways, in heartfelt ways, at the leadership level, from President Hollande, all the way down. And one of the best images of that gratitude was displayed in this picture. I will put it up on the easel. This is an enlarged version of what was on a brochure. You can see it, and it is written in two languages, of course. The translation is ‘‘70th Anniversary of the Liberation of France,’’ in English and French, and the date—June 6, 2014, commemorating the 70th anniversary. 
What you may not be able to make 
out from a distance is the image. It is, of course, a beach, and it is the image of a little girl. She has an orange plas-tic pail and a green plastic shovel—an image we all understand—a child going on to the beach to play in the sand. She is in a yellow dress, with her back towards us, and she is moving towards the beach. 
What is so moving about this expres-
sion of gratitude by the people of France is that the shadow that ema-nates from that little girl is not her shadow. Rather, it is the shadow of an American GI, or what I believe to be an American GI, and I am not sure anyone could contest that. It is a profound and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.051 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8144 November 19, 2015 
very moving and very powerful expres-
sion of gratitude that all of us can un-derstand: that this little girl would not be able to be on that beach to play in freedom—or any of the other places that were under attack during World War II—were it not for the bravery of American soldiers, the commitment of the American people, and the work that was done to undergird that effort by the allies against the axis powers. 
It is a very powerful reminder of the 
contribution of that soldier depicted by the shadow and the freedom that little girl can enjoy because of that sac-rifice—a profound sacrifice, a sacrifice you cannot even describe if you had volumes of books to write about it. I was moved because it was a wonderful expression of gratitude to the people of the United States by the French peo-ple. 
I was thinking about that in the 
aftermath of this horror. Folks all over the United States and around the world were expressing solidarity with the people of Paris and the people of France, and it gave us the chance to try to give back to them in the after-math of their tragedy, a year or so after they had expressed gratitude to us. This relationship between our two countries is very strong and goes back to the beginnings of our Republic, even back to the days of the Revolution. 
That image of that little girl prob-
ably couldn’t be expressed or presented were it not for what happened in World War II and what happened on the beaches of Normandy. Again, we were able to achieve that result by working with allies the world over. It would not have been possible were it not for the work of people around the country sac-rificing—the soldiers and their fami-lies, the factories, the spouses who worked in the factories while soldiers were overseas. There was a lot of good work done then by the Congress to sup-port the war effort. We have to figure out a way here to get back to that kind of sacrifice, that kind of commitment. 
There was a reminder recently of 
what a Member of this body said around that time, about 1945. Senator Arthur Vandenberg from the State of Michigan delivered a seminal speech in January 1945 on this floor. Senator Vandenberg was a Republican, an avowed isolationist and a strong oppo-nent of President Roosevelt. But on that day he said: 
We cannot drift to victory. We must have 
maximum united effort on all fronts. . . . and we must deserve the continued united ef-fort of our own people. 
It is Vandenberg’s example of setting 
aside partisan politics for the good of our Nation that gives us this expres-sion: Politics stops at the water’s edge. We have all heard that expression. If we haven’t, we should educate our-selves, and if we have heard it, we should remind ourselves of it. But I am afraid when we debate foreign policy and security policy, there is often a dismissal of that basic lesson he taught us. I am afraid we have lost sight of his legacy that politics must stop at the 
water’s edge when it comes to our secu-rity, whether that is the fight against terrorism itself or whether that is a military campaign against ISIS. 
This fight against ISIS demands our 
attention, but it also demands our unity. Unity is not just a nice expres-
sion, something we should hope for. The challenge demands it. If we are not unified, it is going to be very difficult to defeat ISIS or any other threat, frankly. We must not do oversight by sound bite when it comes to this pol-icy. We can engage, as some have done—not everyone but enough to be concerned in both Houses of Congress— in categorical condemnation of the President’s policy on virtually every-thing in the international arena. That doesn’t move the ball down the field. It also doesn’t absolve the President of accepting and incorporating critiques of the policy—specific critiques of what we should be doing or are not doing or might want to consider. But categor-ical condemnation doesn’t help anyone. It doesn’t solve the problem. It just di-vides people and prevents us from hav-ing that essential unity to make sure the strategy works. 
I have been critical of a number of 
the President’s policies on the inter-national stage. I haven’t always agreed 
with him. But if one is going to dis-agree with the President or disagree with a colleague about something as important as a strategy to defeat what most people believe is the biggest threat to the civilized world, you should be very specific. Unity demands that you be specific. We don’t have time for just words and finger pointing. We need a bipartisan approach to this challenge. 
So we do need bipartisanship. We 
need sober and serious deliberation, and we also need spirited debate. I am not advocating that someone doesn’t criticize the policy or engage in a very heated exchange with someone who has a different point of view. But it has to be a debate, and it has to be an engage-ment that yields a result. And the re-sult is a policy and a strategy that is going to be effective and that has some degree of substantial unity. 
A lot of our allies look at the squab-
bles here in Washington and wonder how serious we are about this fight. If all we do is just comment and answer reporters’ questions, maybe go to a hearing once in a while, that is OK, but this policy is going to take a lot more than that. Some of our allies look at our failure to unite behind a common strategy and wonder whether the United States will be an enduring part-ner for as long as it takes to eliminate ISIS from the planet—not just to de-feat them on the battlefield but to de-stroy them. A lot of these allies, I am afraid, are wishing for more Senator Vandenbergs or at least more Vanden-berg-Roosevelt days, when someone could disagree almost violently about domestic policy or even an aspect of our security, but at some point you came together and said: We are going 
to move forward with this strategy and work together. 
In November of last year, the Presi-
dent outlined a multipart strategy to address the threat posed by ISIS. He spoke about the airstrike campaign in Iraq and Syria, which now involves 11 countries and has yielded more than 8,000 airstrikes as of last week. Those strikes have taken out ISIS leaders. They have taken out financiers, bomb makers, foreign fighters and foreign fighter recruiters. 
Of course, most recently—just last 
week, just before the horrific news about Paris—we were told the man re-sponsible for the beheadings of ISIS hostages had, in fact, been killed. That was a good result for the civilized world. We also heard from the Presi-dent at that time—and since that time—of a 60-plus nation coalition. 
Most recently, there have been hits 
on the tanker trucks bringing oil out of ISIS-held areas for sale on the black 
market, hits on communications equip-ment or weapons caches, and they have helped protect opposition fighters who cleared the way for significant terri-torial gains, especially by the Kurdish Peshmerga forces—great fighters in this battle. Reports now indicate that ISIS territorial holdings in Iraq and Syria have been diminished by as much as 25 percent in roughly the last year. CENTCOM’s assessment—this isn’t an assessment by a politician; this is CENTCOM—indicates that the refinery in the city of Tikrit has been largely retaken, as has been the city of Sinjar and a main road connecting ISIS strongholds in Raqqa and Mosul. These airstrikes are denying ISIS safe haven and significantly hindering their abil-ity to move freely around areas where they operate. 
So what have we heard over and 
over? Airstrikes alone will not win this. I agree with that. I get that. But airstrikes are moving the ball down the field in the sense that they are giving the opportunity to fighters on the ground and helping in other aspects of the strategy. So we have to continue the airstrikes. I hope people around here don’t start saying: Well, airstrikes alone don’t do the job; so let’s stop the airstrikes. No, we have to continue them and, if necessary, for years— many years. 
But this strategy is not just a mili-
tary strategy. The President also out-lined an effort to counter the financial networks that support ISIS, which gets funding from multiple sources. We know them: illicit oil sales, trafficking in antiquities and other goods, extor-tion of the local communities, and out-side donations. The Department of De-fense is targeting financiers for kinetic strikes, a fancy way of saying you are going to be taken out if you are a fin-ancier. Treasury has sanctioned a num-
ber of senior ISIS leaders and facilitators, cutting off access to the U.S. financial system. The strategy also includes measures to address for-eign fighter recruitment and travel. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.062 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8145 November 19, 2015 
are also working to expose ISIS’s hypo-
critical propaganda which many Mus-lim leaders around the world have said is inconsistent with their religious val-ues. It is clear there can be no enduring defeat of ISIS without remedies for the governance issues which created this space for extremism to fester. 
In Iraq we are working to create an 
inclusive government that has a capa-bility to counter ISIS. In Syria we need a negotiated political solution that en-sures Bashar al-Assad—whose contin-ued presence in Damascus has been a recruiting windfall for ISIS—has no role in the future of Syria and has to go. I have said that many times. I ap-
preciate the fact that Secretary Kerry and his team have recognized these un-derlying problems and have worked to address them. 
So while the administration has 
taken important steps, we know it is not enough. We know that. Recent events require an intensification of our efforts. I have critiqued this Syria pol-icy for years and will continue to press the administration to do more on ISIS financing. We have to make sure ISIS can’t pay their people’s salaries. We have to cut off their financing so they can’t operate, so they can’t pay for propaganda, so they can’t buy weapons, so they can’t buy ammunition, and so they can’t make the horrific IEDs that kill innocent civilians and soldiers. So we must continue this debate as Mem-bers of the Senate with the administra-tion. Part of making sure we get the fi-nancing challenge in the right place is to confirm Mr. Adam Szubin, who would play a substantial determinative role in the Treasury Department. 
So what do we do? It has been very 
difficult to get people focused on a bi-partisan strategy. There is a lot more we can do. I believe the establishment of a bipartisan study group, comprised of experts and former government offi-cials from both sides of the aisle, will be useful at this juncture. This group should be authorized by Congress, ap-propriated a modest amount of money for supporting its work, similar to the Iraq Study Group formed in 2006. The group should evaluate the nature of the ISIS threat as well as the conditions in Iraq and Syria that have allowed it to grow and evolve, and it should evaluate the military and nonmilitary options available to the United States to ad-dress this threat and the underlying conflicts and governance issues. There is a lot this group could do and con-tribute to what would be a stronger, bi-partisan, unified policy. There are many outside experts whose careers of service in the Middle East, and civil-ian, military, and intelligence roles, offer a wealth of expertise. This group could conduct its work over a 6- to 9- month period and report back to Con-gress with its findings. If they could do it faster, we would certainly authorize and encourage them. 
Initiating a bipartisan study doesn’t 
mean we should press pause on our cur-rent efforts. Members of Congress need to continue supporting our soldiers, 
bringing the fight to ISIS with inten-sity and focus. We need to continue our efforts to reach a negotiated political transition in Syria and to encourage inclusivity and good governance in Iraq. If a Sunni soldier doesn’t feel a part of his own government, they have to support a unifying government. We need to continue to press the growing humanitarian crisis emanating from Iraq and Syria, but I believe our efforts to defeat ISIS and our long-term goal of countering violent extremism would benefit from a serious bipartisan expert study group. 
In closing, I will once again invoke 
the words of Senator Vandenberg. In the speech he gave in the 1940s, he said: ‘‘Here in the Senate we do not have perpetual agreement between the two sides of the aisle, but we have never failed to have basic unity when crisis calls.’’ 
‘‘We have never failed to have basic 
unity when crisis calls.’’ Crisis has called, right now. We know that. The crisis is ISIS and terrorism. We have to destroy ISIS and prevent terrorism from coming to our shores. We don’t have time for politics. We don’t have time for people talking in sound bites and pretending they are doing over-sight. We need bipartisan work that will bring people together on a unified strategy. I urge my colleagues to re-flect on the spirit of Vandenberg’s sem-inal speech and to find a unified path forward that supports our long-stand-ing partners and protects the security of this great Nation. 
I will conclude with a picture. This is 
a picture of a little girl who can walk on a beach in freedom because of the bravery and sacrifice of our soldiers in World War II. If we are worthy—worthy of that sacrifice—we had better get our act together, come together—both par-ties—and make sure we have a bipar-tisan policy. We don’t have time for finger-pointing. We have to come to-gether and make sure we do all we can to have a sound, serious, bipartisan ef-fort against ISIS and against terror-ists. I believe that is a mission worthy of a great nation and certainly worthy of the sacrifice of the people who are on the battlefield right now—our sol-diers, our fighters, as well as soldiers from around the world—and certainly worthy of the sacrifice that led to the beautiful expression of gratitude that the French people gave us just last year. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I look 
forward to working with my colleague from Pennsylvania on that sound bi-partisan policy he is talking about, and I want to talk a little bit about that today. He mentioned Senator Vanden-berg, who famously said that partisan-ship ends at the water’s edge. I think he would have been surprised by Presi-dent Obama’s comments beyond the water’s edge in Turkey yesterday, where he attacked Republicans who 
dared to talk about the need for us to ensure that we know who is coming to our shores and specifically with regard to refugees and having a proper vetting process in place. In fact, the House of Representatives—with over 40 votes from Democrats—I understand just voted on legislation today, which is a veto-proof majority, to say we ought to tighten requirements for people who 
want to come to our shores. 
So we do need to work together. We 
do need to ensure that partisanship does not get in the way of working to-gether as Americans to solve these problems. The partisan speech from across the ocean, well beyond our shores, was an example of where we are not meeting the standards Mr. Vanden-berg set out. 
As we all know now, last weekend 
ISIS terrorists killed over 130 innocent people in a series of very well-coordi-nated attacks in Paris. I would say these attacks did not occur in isola-tion. They were one but a series of at-tacks that occurred within a 24-hour period. Sometimes we forget the con-text of these attacks. The series of at-tacks left 43 people dead in Beirut, 18 people dead in Baghdad, countless wounded—all ISIS attacks. In the pre-ceding month, ISIS took credit for a downed Russian airplane, claiming the lives of 224 innocent civilians. In Sep-tember, Islamic extremists murdered nearly 50 in Yemen. 
In fact, if we look back over the pe-
riod of last year, several hundred civil-ians have been killed in nearly 30 at-tacks—incidents spanning the Middle East, North Africa, Europe, Asia, and North America. It is impossible to deny the growing threat that this extremism poses to our Nation, our allies, and our shared values and global stability. 
Despite all of its great qualities, 
technology has bridged the oceans that once separated us from foreign turmoil and brought this threat to our commu-nities and to our homes, the places we feel most safe. These attacks must serve as a wake-up call, not only about the nature of the enemy we face in ISIS but about the chaotic and dan-gerous state of the world and the dire need for American leadership to ad-dress it. 
The attacks in Paris were not a ‘‘set-
back,’’ as the President said. They were a continuation of terrorist acts. They were a tragedy and a warning—a warning that if we fail to take a leader-ship role in combatting extremist be-havior everywhere it resides, we will confront another tragedy here, on our shores. 
We cannot develop a successful strat-
egy to defeat ISIS unless we under-stand its true nature. There has been a lot of talk this week about Syrian refu-gees and whether they should be prop-erly vetted. Of course they should, but we need to take a broader look at this issue and have a broader discussion about the roots of the problem: Why are these refugees streaming into Eu-rope and coming here? We need to look 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.064 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8146 November 19, 2015 
at not just the roots of the problem but 
what is the comprehensive strategy to address that problem. 
We can’t develop a successful strat-
egy to defeat ISIS unless we under-stand its true nature. The President’s insistence on downplaying the extrem-ist threat and viewing each act in iso-lation is a fundamental flaw in his na-tional security policy, in my belief. Re-ferring to ISIS as the ‘‘JV team,’’ as it seized nearly one-third of Iraq, publicly stating that ISIS has been ‘‘contained’’ just hours before the attack in Paris, and then referring to those attacks as a mere ‘‘setback’’ are all symptomatic of this failed policy, in my view. 
I think this is a time for moral and 
strategic clarity. I think of Roosevelt and Churchill in World War II. I think of Kennedy and Reagan in the Cold War. Times of crisis require seeing threats as they are and not as we might wish them to be. Nothing would make me happier than if the President of the United States would provide this clarity. 
We now know that the Paris attacks 
were planned in Syria, organized in Belgium, and carried out in France. This revelation is yet another con-firmation of a key fact many of us have been saying for years: ISIS is a global threat with global reach and ambi-tions. It is motivated by a radical Islamist ideology that while rejected by the majority of Muslims, neverthe-less holds great appeal to too many Muslims around the world. This ide-ology rejects any form of government that is not based on a radical interpre-tation of Sunni Islamism and holds that it is the duty of all Muslims to wage jihad against those who do not share their views—including of course the United States, including of course Israel, including of course the apostate regimes, as they call them, like Amer-ica’s Arab allies all through the Middle East. 
The President continues to insist 
that the limited scale and scope of the administration’s strategy to counter ISIS is working, but ISIS is not just a nuisance to be managed. It is a global threat to be defeated. Rather than con-taining ISIS to a geographic region, the conflict in Syria and Iraq has served as an incubator for terrorism. The territory ISIS holds provides a safe haven for these terrorists to train, or-ganize, gather resources, and project power. Tens of thousands of foreign fighters from Europe, the United States, and around the world have flocked to the frontlines of the global jihad, and many return home with the training and resources necessary to carry out monstrous attacks. Mean-while, a flood of refugees fleeing atroc-ities and persecution in Syria have pro-vided ISIS operatives a community in which they can easily hide. Indeed, it appears at least one of the Paris attackers was someone who disguised himself as a refugee to get into Europe. 
This enemy is cunning and knows it 
cannot defeat us on a conventional fight on the battlefield, so it is employ-
ing asymmetric warfare to attack our values and degrade the collective secu-rity of our nations. They know they have access into every home and are using modern media technologies to exploit a disenfranchised minority. Their audience spans the globe. Think about this: If they only reach 0.0001 percent of the global population, then they have an army of over half a mil-
lion potential terrorist recruits. 
More intelligence cooperation be-
tween the United States and our allies is absolutely necessary to track sus-pected ISIS terrorists and prevent them from hiding their presence and launching attacks. The United States should also increase the scale and in-tensity of military operations against ISIS targets. If we can give the French the intelligence to be able to attack key ISIS targets in Syria, then why haven’t we used that intelligence our-selves to degrade the enemy? We must intensify the use of our military. We must intensify U.S. Special Operations forces and local allies. We must defeat ISIS forces on the ground and retake territory. 
As I have argued for a couple of years 
now, we cannot ignore the broader con-flict in Syria and must lead our allies in pursuing a comprehensive strategy to not just defeat ISIS but to also achieve a negotiated resolution of the Syrian conflict. 
Over 4 million people have fled Syria. 
The Government of Syria has murdered over 200,000 of its own citizens. I saw an interview today where someone was asking one of the refugees from Syria what their preference was—to go to Eu-rope or to go to the United States. The refugees said what most refugees said: I want to go home, but I need a safe haven there. 
We should have a no-fly zone in Syria 
and provide for people the ability to stay in their own country. Military force alone will not solve this problem. Obviously, we need to do more and en-gage the Muslim world in this effort, but it can shape the parameters of an acceptable solution. 
These measures are all important, 
but they all stem from the recognition of something far more fundamental. In the absence of U.S. leadership, chaos and instability ensues. It takes active American leadership to reassure our al-lies, to deter our enemies, and to up-hold the international order upon which global stability and prosperity depend. We should not be the world’s policemen; I agree with that. It is more like being the world’s sheriff, where you bring together a posse of like- minded nations. Whether it is the NATO countries with regard to Ukraine or whether it is our Sunni al-lies with regard to what is happening in the Middle East, we must be the sheriff who pulls the posse together. In the absence of that, in the absence of that leadership, we will not meet this challenge. 
In the Middle East, the chaos we see 
is not just contained in Syria, and it is not just confined to ISIS. As the 
United States prepares to provide bil-lions in sanctions relief agreed to in the Iran nuclear deal, Iran has been very busy. Iran has sent ground troops into Syria as part of a new joint offen-sive with Assad, Russia, and the ter-rorist group Hezbollah. Iran has tested a ballistic missile, they have arrested several American citizens living in Iran, and they have threatened to wipe Israel off the map of the Middle East. Ayatollah Khamenei has now banned any further negotiations with the United States of America. 
Meanwhile, Russian forces are con-
ducting combat operations in the Mid-dle East for the first time since 1941. Russia has launched a sustained air campaign—not really against ISIS, as Putin claims, but almost entirely against U.S.-backed rebel groups and other moderate groups opposed to both ISIS and Assad. There is discussion of them targeting ISIS more. I hope that is true. In Europe, Russian forces con-tinue to occupy portions of eastern Ukraine and continue to occupy Cri-mea. After a brief lull, violence is once again rising, as Russian efforts to un-dermine the democratic pro-Western government of Ukraine persist. Russia also continues to wage an unprece-dented information war that leverages all elements of national power to con-fuse, demoralize, and mislead. 
In the meantime, hundreds of thou-
sands of refugees fleeing conflict in the Middle East stream into Europe, threatening to overwhelm Europe’s ability to vet and process them and create opportunities for terrorists to evade detection and conduct attacks like those we saw in Paris. 
In the Pacific, China is building arti-
ficial islands in international waters to reinforce its claims in the South China Sea. 
This is the world that unenforced 
redlines and leading from behind have created. It is a world where the very structure of international order is under siege and where the direction of our collective future is brought into question. Of course, this trend is not ir-reversible, but the United States must first step out of the shadows. 
Ronald Reagan spoke memorably 
about peace through strength. We must be unambiguous in our support of our allies, and we must be clear-eyed and resolute in standing up to our foes. This is the path to peace and security for us and for the world. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
f 
PRESIDENT’S REFUGEE 
RESETTLEMENT PLAN 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate very much the remarks of Senator P
ORTMAN . I think he is touch-
ing on some critically important issues that all of us need to fully understand. As always, his insights are valuable and worthy of serious consideration by all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.065 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8147 November 19, 2015 
I would also briefly note that I do be-
lieve—and I spoke about this several weeks ago—there is a need for this country, as Senator C
ASEY noted, to 
develop a bipartisan strategy, particu-larly with regard to how we deal with the rising spasm of extremism in the Middle East. It is a fact. It is hap-pening. We as a country have to be able 
to work together in a bipartisan way to decide what action we may choose to use—whether it is military force, whether it is technological advance-ment, whether it is working with al-lies—to do whatever we can to increase more stability, more peace and tran-quility, and less terrorism and vio-lence. It is a big matter, and I am not at all confident that we have a strat-egy. In fact, we don’t have a strategy that anyone can recognize as effective in this region, as a number of witnesses before the Armed Services Committee have testified, including former Sec-retary of Defense Bob Gates, who served under both President Bush and President Obama. 
This President seems to have his own 
plan. He refuses to listen. As he trav-eled around the world recently talking about the attacks in Paris, I think it stunned our allies. This is not a healthy situation. There are millions of refugees. Good leadership, respon-sible leadership, should have antici-pated this danger, and when it devel-oped, have a sound strategy that deals with it in a humane way. It cannot be the strategy of the United States and Europe that when instability occurs anywhere in the world, when insta-bility occurs in Syria or other places in the Middle East, the solution is for ev-erybody to come to Europe or the United States. This is not healthy for those countries, it is not part of the historical tradition, and for reasons I am going to touch on, it is very bad policy. 
I think Senator P
ORTMAN is correct 
that we are not where we need to be militarily, strategically, and in other ways, to help bring about a situation in which people can return to their homes and be with their families and not have to be running all over the world, marching through Europe, not knowing where they are going to go, in coun-tries that will not and cannot support them. It is not sound policy. 
I want to address the economic and 
security threats imposed by the Presi-dent’s refugee resettlement plan and talk about it in some detail and ex-plain why the more effective and com-passionate solution is to resettle the region’s refugees in safe zones in the region rather than flying them into the United States or Europe or other places around the globe. 
Each and every year, the United 
States issues green cards to roughly 1 million immigrants. We admit approxi-mately 500,000 foreign students. We dis-tribute work visas to approximately 700,000 foreign workers and grant ap-proximately 25,000 requests for asylum. Asylum is when a person arrives in our country and says: I can’t go home be-
cause I will be in danger. A refugee is when somebody is in a foreign coun-try—not their own country—and comes to our Embassy or to the UN and says: I am threatened here. I am not safe. I want to be a refugee and go elsewhere. If they are accepted, they are a ref-ugee. If the others are accepted after they come to our country—perhaps il-legally—they are asylees. We have 
brought in another 70,000 refugees on top of that each year in recent years. 
The fact is, refugees are among the 
most costly immigration programs for several reasons. Refugees are instantly eligible for all Federal welfare and en-titlement programs. Most are low- skilled and frequently lack any formal education and many—most don’t speak English. 
There is great cost involved in this. 
One estimate from an expert is that for every 10,000 refugees admitted, there will be a lifetime cost to the U.S. Treasury of $6.5 billion. This year, we are now going to accept 85,000. The President says he will accept 100,000 next year and maybe more. Now, 100,000 is 10 times $6.5 billion added to the debt of the country, because no extra money is being appropriated for Medicaid and for food stamps. The money is going to be added to the debt. It is not healthy. It is very expensive. 
There are enormous security con-
cerns as well. We have seen a number of refugees implicated in terrorist ac-tivity inside the United States. We wish it weren’t so, but it is a fact. Yet, in this environment of increasing Fed-eral debt, wage stagnation driven by excess labor supply, and ISIS terrorists trying to infiltrate as refugees, Presi-dent Obama has announced a unilateral expansion of the refugee program to begin admitting many more Syrian ref-ugees. This is at a time when 83 per-cent of the voters say projected growth in immigration should be curbed, ac-cording to Pew polling. 
The President persists in his plan 
even though his own officials, testi-fying before the Subcommittee on Im-migration and the National Interest, conceded there is no database in Syria with which to vet refugees. 
The administration briefed us last 
night, and they publicly stated: We are going to use biometric techniques. In the United Sates, what does that mean? It means they take your finger-print and run it against the NCIC—Na-tional Crime Information Center—and see if you have warrants for your arrest or if you have been convicted of any-thing. You can’t do that in Syria. You can take their fingerprints, but there is no database to run it against. So that is just puffing. That is spin. You can’t run fingerprints in Syria, because there is no database to run them against. As his officials further concluded, there is no way to prevent refugees from radicalizing after their entrance into the United States, as has happened, un-fortunately, with Somali refugees. 
It is an unpleasant but unavoidable 
fact that bringing in large unassimilated flows of migrants from 
the Muslim world creates the condi-tions possible for radicalization and ex-tremism to take hold. This is what they are seeing in Europe. 
The FBI Director tells us there are 
now active ISIS investigations in all 50 States. They have a terrorist investiga-tion involving ISIS in every State in the Union today. I think there are 900 open cases. 
Our subcommittee has identified doz-
ens of examples of foreign-born immi-grants committing and attempting to commit acts of terror on U.S. soil. It is happening every day. Preventing and responding to these acts is an effort en-compassing thousands of Federal agents, attorneys, and prosecutors and billions of dollars in costs. They are di-recting their efforts away from bank fraud and Medicare fraud and toward watching terrorists. Their ability has been limited by restrictions on their ability to conduct surveillance. In ef-fect, we are voluntarily admitting indi-viduals at risk for terrorism and then on the back end trying to stop them from carrying out bad, violent designs. 
The former head of the Citizenship 
and Immigration Services union, which represents immigration workers who handle the casework on these evalua-tions for admission, issued this warn-ing more than a year ago. This is im-portant. This is the man who rep-resents the individuals who do the work every day, and he got frustrated and he told the truth. This is what he said: 
It is also essential to warn the public 
about the threat that ISIS will exploit our loose and lax visa policies to gain entry to the United States. 
Indeed, as we know from the first World 
Trade Center bombing in 1993, from the 9/11 terrorist attacks, from the Boston Bombing, from the recent plot to bomb a school and courthouse in Connecticut, and many other lesser-known terror incidents, we are letting terrorists into the United States right through our front door. . . . Applications for entry are rubber-stamped, the result of grad-ing agents by speed rather than discretion. We’ve become the visa clearinghouse for the world. 
We can’t properly vet the people 
coming now. Yet we are still talking about adding more and more people to it. 
Senator C
RUZand I sent the adminis-
tration a list of 72 individuals charged with or convicted of terrorism-related offenses in just the last year. We want-ed to know something. We asked for the immigration histories of each one of these individuals. Isn’t that a good thing to know? We are policymakers. We are supposed to decide how to con-duct immigration issues. As we evalu-ate how to improve our immigration situation, shouldn’t we know how these terrorists—who have been arrested, charged, or convicted—got into the country? 
Well, stunningly, the administration 
has just refused to respond. They didn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.067 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8148 November 19, 2015 
respond because they don’t want the 
public to know. They think if they can ignore these requests, then people will not know and will not begin to ques-tion how things are being conducted. Congress should not acquiesce to the President’s refugee funding request when he refuses to even publicly dis-close the immigration history of these 72 terrorists, many of whom are in-volved with and directly connected with Al Qaeda and ISIS. 
An outright majority of the public 
opposes resettling Syrian refugees in the United States. In fact, voters across all parties wish to see a reduc-tion of Middle Eastern refugee settle-ments. It is in the data. That is what people think. They are worried about 
this issue. Why shouldn’t they be? We have had our own problems. We have had 9/11, we have had the Boston bomb-ers, and many other instances, such as Chattanooga, and look at what is hap-pening in Europe. I don’t think the American people are mean or unkind. They are just rightly concerned. They want to protect their families, their Nation, and their interests, and I think we should consider their concerns. 
The safe and proper course is to focus 
on regional resettlement. One report says that for the price of placing one refugee in the United States, 12 can be helped in their homeland. Our goal must be to help refugees find safety and help them return to their homes, not for us to depopulate the region. 
How serious is this? Only this strat-
egy will protect the security of the United States and the West, protect the finances of our country from fur-ther debt, and protect the long-term stability and safety of the Middle East itself. That is what our goal should be, and our President is not focused on this issue. It has been raised in com-mittee after committee and nothing has been accomplished. He just sticks with the plan he has. 
What then is Congress to do to stop 
the President from carrying out a plan the voters oppose and Congress has not approved? The answer lies in the power of the purse. Each and every year the President submits a request to Con-gress to fund his Refugee Admissions Program. Only with these funds can the President carry out his plans. Con-gress, which has been run over time and again by this President, must not write the blank check the President is asking for. He can also bring in more refugees than he has currently indi-cated. Secretary Kerry has told the Ju-diciary Committees of the House and Senate they just may well bring in more than this. 
My colleague Senator S
HELBY and I 
outlined in a joint statement that the answer is for Congress to include in the year-end funding bill a clear require-ment that the President must submit his annual refugee plan to Congress for approval. Senator S
HELBY is on that 
Appropriations Committee. Under this plan, Congress must approve how many refugees are brought in and from where. Mr. President, is it time to wrap up? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
thank the Chair and ask for 1 addi-tional minute to wrap up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, we are 
facing a humanitarian crisis of monu-mental proportions. In large part, it is because the President has mismanaged the situation in Syria. He is the Chief Executive, he is the Commander in Chief, the military does what he says, and this has not been good. It just has not been good. It has caused danger, it has caused innocent people to be killed, it has caused people to have to flee, and it has also allowed the surge of ISIS and Al Qaeda-type terrorist or-ganizations in Syria to be able to cre-ate an entire state of their own and to export their terrorism. 
We have to create safe zones in Syria 
and other places in the region where people can stay in their homes, and we need to work to end this fighting as soon as possible so people can go back home permanently. It cannot be the position of this country that we just bring in millions of people because of the dangers abroad. It just does not make common sense. 
I thank the Chair and yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, as my 
colleague from Alabama prepares to leave, I want to wish him and his fam-ily a happy Thanksgiving holiday and I look forward to seeing him in 10 days. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, Sen-
ator C
ARPER is one of our most delight-
ful colleagues. He is always gentle-manly and calls us to consider and think on the higher things. I thank my friend from Delaware for that and his service. 
f 
ISIS 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it has 
been quite a week. I think we have all learned a bit about Syrian refugees, the challenges they face, and the po-tential challenges they create for us in this country. One of the things we have learned is that it is not easy to come here as a refugee to this country. In fact, it is pretty difficult. It is not something one can do easily. If you want to come over thinking that you might wait a couple of weeks or a cou-ple of months—you might wait a cou-ple of years. You have to go through a vetting process with the United Na-tions. You go through a vetting process overseas with the U.S. folks. You have to have your information go through any number of databanks to determine whether you are a person of special in-terest and could potentially be a prob-lem. It is a long process. 
I will be honest. If I were a bad guy 
over there, one of these ISIS folks try-ing to get into the United States and create mayhem, there is no way I would want to wait 2 years, go through 
a refugee program, and probably get bounced out somewhere along the line through all these background checks and access to intelligence databanks and personal interviews. I think I would find another way to get here, and there are other ways to get here. We have been talking about that more recently today and yesterday. 
One of the potential ways to get here 
is through what is called the Visa Waiver Program. It is an agreement we have with 38 different nations. The Visa Waiver Program started a number of years ago, and it has now grown to include 38 countries. It started off as a travel facilitation program, kind of like the TSA precheck or the global en-tries we have at the airports here in the United States. It started off as a travel facilitation program, and over time it has turned into an information sharing partnership with 38 different foreign countries. The idea is to make it a little easier for folks who we be-lieve are trusted travelers to get into this country from several dozen na-tions. One of the things we don’t focus on very much in this program is we be-lieve it is to our economic advantage to facilitate travel and tourism for those visiting our country. That is hard to argue with. It also facilitates tourism and traveling to the other 38 countries. 
We didn’t just enter willy-nilly into 
this agreement with these other 38 other countries. There are certain re-quirements we have in terms of access about the people who would like to come to this country under the Visa Waiver Program. We have any number of different kinds of access to intel-ligence data files and databases, and we insist on that before we allow these countries to participate. If they don’t want to do that, they are not part of the Visa Waiver Program. 
If they change their mind during the 
course of our relationship with them as part of the Visa Waiver Program and become not very good partners in this, we bounce them out, they are no longer part of the Visa Waiver Program, and then those people have to go through the regular visa process. 
Anyway, that would provide another 
option. It is probably a more favored option for somebody who is anxious to get over here from Syria or for any-body who wants to do mayhem. That might be an option if they live in one of those 38 countries. People can go to U.S. consulates all the time in other countries. They ask to come here. Sometimes they ask to come here on a visa. It could be a tourism visa. A lot of people want to come to the United States as a tourist. It could be that they want to come here to study. Those may be perfectly legitimate, but in some cases they may not be. Folks come here in many other ways. 
We had an interesting hearing today 
in the Senate’s Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. We had two witnesses from the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.068 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8149 November 19, 2015 
Government, and then we had five wit-
nesses from a variety of different back-grounds. One of the things we asked were: Where do the real threats lie for our country? It could be Syria. It could be ISIS people from Iraq. It could be folks who have been radicalized from other countries who have gone to Syria to fight and have become jihadists and want to somehow get into our country and create not just mischief but may-hem. Everybody who testified said the primary concern should not be the Ref-ugee Resettlement Program. Why would anybody want to go through that? It wastes 2 years. Maybe they will get through it, maybe not. If you are lucky, you get through it 2 years later. 
The 2,000 people or so who have come 
through that program from Syria this year, I am told they were mostly women and children, older men—very old men. Out of the 2,000, in terms of the folks who are male and of fighting age, only about 2 percent fall into that category. They all have to provide fam-ily connections of the people they are related to and will be reunited with over here. That is part of the deal for getting in. It is not like every refugee who comes here would even be someone who would be expected to be of fighting age. 
One of the other things most of the 
folks agreed on was that one of the greatest concerns we ought to have for folks getting into our country and doing mischief here would not nec-essarily be folks from other countries. The concern is about the folks who are already here and may be natives to the United States who have become radicalized. We heard that again and again and again. That is a major con-cern, and that is something we have to be serious about. 
One of the best ways we can reduce 
the likelihood that folks living here would be radicalized and want to be a part of the ISIS army overseas or right here is to do what we are trying to do as a country; that is, to degrade and destroy ISIS militarily. And that would be not just us by ourselves—us using our air superiority, us using our ability to gather and disseminate intel-ligence, with direct strikes, and to pro-vide help to the people on the ground, to the boots on the ground—not us— but to help other countries that are doing that sort of thing. 
My guess is—and this was confirmed 
by most of our witnesses today—that the folks who most likely want to be a homegrown jihadist, be affiliated with ISIS, and do their job here in this country as opposed to over in Syria want to be on the winning side. They are not interested in affiliating with a loser. So the question is, What can we do to make sure that ISIS is degraded and destroyed? 
I will mention a couple of things that 
happened in the last couple of weeks that would suggest to me that at long last the coalition of 60 nations is begin-ning to get its act together and make progress on the ground. Over the past 
year ISIS has lost 25 percent of its safe haven in Syria and Iraq. Our coalition has conducted more than 8,000 air-strikes against ISIS. We have killed ISIS fighters at a rate of 1,000 fighters a month. 
The Iraqi Security Forces have now 
liberated Tikrit, which is a city in Iraq that is Saddam Hussein’s old home-town. It has been liberated from ISIS now. About 70 percent of Tikrit’s pre- ISIS citizens have been returned to the city. 
With Syrian Kurdish forces on the 
ground and the United States in the air, the Syrian town of Kobane was kept from falling to ISIS, despite the fact that most analysts thought the town would fall within days earlier this year. 
Just last week in Iraq, Kurdish forces 
supported by the United States in the air took back the key town of Sinjar from ISIS. That strategic town sits on the top of a key roadway that connects ISIS’s stronghold in Mosul with ISIS’s capital in a place called Raqqa. 
Now these Iraqi Kurds are working 
with the Syrian Kurds, an Arab coali-tion, and the United States to fully sever that key supply line and isolate Mosul and Raqqa. 
In August, a U.S. drone strike killed 
a fellow named Junaid Hussain, one of ISIS’s online propagandists who had helped to direct the homegrown attack at Garland, TX, last May. 
Just last week, a U.S. drone strike 
also killed Jihadi John, ISIS’s chief executioner. Jihadi John has publicly executed dozens of people, including at least three Americans—James Foley, Steven Sotloff, and Peter Kassig. 
Last week, an American airstrike 
took ISIS’s leader in Libya, a guy named Abu Nabil. 
Now, is that the ball game? No, it is 
not. Is that encouraging? Yes, it is. It has to be discouraging to folks with ISIS, and it has to be discouraging to fans here in the United States. The idea is to degrade them and ultimately destroy them, and I am encouraged that we finally seem to be on the right track to accomplishing that. 
The other thing we heard from our 
witnesses today is that there is a Fed-eral program run by the Department of Homeland Security called the Office of Community Partnerships Countering Violent Terrorism. The idea there is to work with the Muslim communities throughout the country—and there are a number of them—to counter the so-cial media message that some find so alluring that is put up by ISIS. Part of the ability to compete with that and to degrade that message is to degrade ISIS on the ground. 
The other way to do it is to do what 
the Department of Homeland Security is doing in conjunction with Arab com-munities and Muslim communities throughout our country and in con-junction with, for example, the district attorney in Minneapolis, to develop a good partnership in saying: Let’s see if we can’t convince our young people liv-
ing there not to want to go to Syria, not to want to go to fight, not to want to go anywhere, but just to live their lives and not to be jihadists in this country. It is a good program. It seems to be bearing fruit. It has been well ac-cepted, I am told, by many in the Mus-lim community. We are being asked to help fund that through the appropria-tions process, and it is very important that we do. 
I will close where I started. It has 
been a bit of a wild and crazy ride this week. Every now and then I feel—when I was raising my kids, my boys, I would just say, why don’t we just take a deep breath and chill for a little bit, and then figure out what to do. Given ev-erything that has come across in the media and the scare that has been vis-ited on so many people, it is probably a good time for us to just take a deep breath and to think about some of the things that I have said, some of what we learned in our hearing today. 
There are threats to this country 
that are real. They are probably not posed by the refugee problem. We are reminded by the Pope that we have an obligation to follow the Golden Rule and treat other people the way we wanted to be treated. We have an obli-gation, as we were reminded just two months ago by the Pope on the other side of the Capitol when he addressed a joint session of Congress. He told us to remember Matthew 25: When I was hungry, did you feed me? When I was thirsty, did you give me a drink? When I was naked, did you clothe me? When I was a stranger in your land, did you take me in? 
He posed to us sort of a moral di-
lemma and certainly reminded us that we have a moral obligation to the least of these in our society. We also have a moral obligation as leaders here in the Congress to make sure that we are not only trying to be true to that moral obligation to the least of these but the obligation that we have to protect the people of this country. 
The question for us as we approach 
Thanksgiving—maybe in the spirit of 
Thanksgiving—is that it possible for us to be true to both of the moral impera-tives, to the least of those in our soci-ety and, frankly, outside this country, and the moral imperative to our coun-try men and women to protect them. I think we can do both. 
As we leave here today to head for 
our homes and for Thanksgiving, I am encouraged we can do both, and that if we are smart about it, we will do that. 
I wish the Presiding Officer and all of 
our pages and all of the staff here a blessed Thanksgiving holiday. Thank you all for your service. I will see you in about 10 days. God bless you. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.069 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8150 November 19, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BONNIE CARROLL 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, the 
Presidential Medal of Freedom is our Nation’s highest civilian honor, pre-sented to men and women who have made ‘‘an especially meritorious con-tribution to the security or national interests of the United States, world peace, cultural or other significant en-deavors.’’ 
It is the highest honor a civilian of 
the United States can achieve. In all, the recipients have included seven Presidents, nine Supreme Court Jus-tices, countless Members of Congress, First Ladies, military leaders, lawyers, artists, athletes, civil rights leaders, and doctors. It is the list of the best of America. It is a diverse list. The recipi-ents come from all backgrounds and all walks of life. They all have one thing in common. They have dedicated their lives to achieving excellence in serving causes greater than themselves. 
On November 24, next week, Bonnie 
Carroll, a proud Alaskan, will join this honor roll when she is presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom at a White House ceremony. It is certainly an exciting time for all of us in Alaska. We are so proud of Bonnie, who just happens to be here tonight in the Gal-lery. 
Let me tell you a little bit about 
Bonnie Carroll, a woman of determina-tion, perseverance, honor, and strength. You can’t talk about Bonnie without talking first about how she met her husband Tom, which in many ways—in tragic ways I will get to—led to the great work she has done for a grateful nation. 
In 1988, Bonnie was working at the 
White House when news broke that three whales were trapped in the ice off the coast of Alaska. Now I know this doesn’t happen in the Presiding Offi-cer’s State that often, but in Alaska we have certain challenges that other States don’t. She picked up the phone to see what could be done, and on the other line was her future husband, Alaska Army National Guard COL Tom Carroll, who worked with many others to help rescue the whales. This was part of the love story between Bonnie and Tom and part of a story so unique that what happened up in Alaska actu-ally caught the attention of Holly-wood. You can see their love story por-trayed in the film ‘‘The Great Mir-acle.’’ 
For the Carrolls, the story didn’t end 
with the saving of the whales. Unfortu-nately, their story is in many ways happy but also did not have a so-called Hollywood ending—unfortunately, far from it. After they were married in 1992, COL Tom Carroll of the Alaska National Guard died in an Army C–12 plane crash in the mountains of Alas-ka. Seven other top Alaska National Guard members were tragically lost that day. It was a horrible tragedy for 
America, for Alaska, for the Carroll family, and for all the other families who suffered tragic loss that day in Alaska. 
After the crash Bonnie realized there 
were no organizations established in this country to help people like her who had lost loved ones—military members and family members who had lost military members in tragedies such as the day of that crash. What she did after that was amazing. What she did was heroic. She took her deep grief and put it to use for the rest of us. 
Just 2 years after her husband’s trag-
ic death, Bonnie founded the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, also known as TAPS. The idea for TAPS came in part as a result of her con-sultations with former Senator Ted Stevens, another great Alaskan and great American, who would also trag-ically die in a plane crash in Alaska. This is why Bonnie is being honored by the President next week. Since 1994, her organization, TAPS, has offered support to 50,000 surviving families of our military members whom we have lost. Fifty thousand surviving family members and caregivers have bene-fitted from the services of TAPS, which Bonnie founded. Think of the grief and think of what she has done across America to soothe grieving families. 
TAPS provides a variety of grief and 
trauma resources, including seminars for adults and a summer camp for chil-
dren in Alaska to help families heal and to help them work through their grief. I heard many of these stories, and you can’t help but be touched and moved by the power of what TAPS does to help Americans, family members of our military, work through some of the most difficult times. For years those of us in the military and those of us in Alaska have known how Bonnie’s work and the work of TAPS has been healing families throughout this country, for those we have lost—our heroes who have been defending this country. We have known in the military, we have known in Alaska, and as of Tuesday the world will know when Bonnie is presented with this incredible honor at the White House. 
As she puts it: ‘‘Out of an Alaskan 
tragedy came hope and healing for tens of thousands of our military families.’’ 
For the work that she does with the 
families of our heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us, Bonnie Carroll is utmost deserving of this great honor. She is a great Alas-kan, a Great American, and she has made us all very proud. 
Congratulations, Bonnie. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. THE ANNIVERSARY OF EXECUTIVE 
ACTION ON IMMIGRATION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, a year 
ago today, in a nationwide address, President Obama announced a series of measures to improve our broken immi-gration system. He outlined efforts to focus scarce resources on identifying and deporting those people who pose a danger to our communities, to mod-ernize our legal immigration system, and to provide temporary relief from the threat of deportation for hard- working, law-abiding members of our communities. For many, the Presi-dent’s announcement offered at last a hope for stability. It acknowledged the longstanding presence and contribu-tions of immigrants to our country. 
But the President’s announcement 
also underscored the real human con-sequences of the House of Representa-tives failing to allow a vote to reform our immigration laws. Importantly, it highlighted the impracticality of de-porting 11 million undocumented im-migrants. Many of them have strong family ties in the United States and a deep desire to become fully integrated in our country. They are mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, sons and daughters. To suggest that we can sim-ply remove them is unrealistic and it would conflict with fundamental Amer-
ican values. 
The President’s Executive action is 
no substitute for legislation. He re-minded critics of that very fact during his address, pointing out that the com-monsense, responsible solution to the problems in our immigration system is to pass a comprehensive reform bill. A year later, the Republican-led Senate has failed to debate, let alone pass meaningful immigration reform. In-stead, it has repeatedly taken up divi-sive and partisan proposals that do not reflect a desire to fix what we all agree is a broken system. 
These political gimmicks are not se-
rious attempts to address an issue as important as immigration and could not be more different from what the Democratic-led Senate accomplished in 2013 when we passed a bipartisan immi-gration bill supported by 68 Senators. During the Senate Judiciary Commit-tee’s consideration of the Border Secu-rity, Economic Opportunity, and Immi-gration Modernization Act, I convened multiple hearings, and we heard from 42 witnesses. Government officials and individuals representing a range of per-spectives—including law enforcement, civil rights, labor, faith, business, and State and local governments—testified about the challenges confronting our current immigration system. 
We heard the powerful testimony of 
witnesses such as Jose Antonio Vargas and Gaby Pacheco who pressed the ur-gent need for immigration reform. The compelling stories of DREAMers, young immigrants brought to this country as children, who have grown up as Americans and have every desire to make meaningful contributions to their communities, continue to inspire. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.071 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8151 November 19, 2015 
Many of them have qualified for the 
temporary relief provided by the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, program, which has established a path for them to become our next generation of teachers, engineers, pub-lic servants, and doctors. Our Senate- passed, comprehensive bill included the DREAM Act, an important measure that would have provided a long-last-ing solution to the problems these cou-rageous young individuals face, ac-knowledging that they deserve to be part of our Nation’s future. 
The Senate-passed bill would have 
addressed many of the injustices in our current immigration system. It was a remarkable example of all that we can 
accomplish when we actually focus on the hard job of legislating. But the Re-publican-led House of Representatives blocked that effort. It stubbornly re-fused to even allow a vote on that bill. Given that lack of action, I understand the President’s frustration and motiva-tion. His Executive action was a re-sponse to what we all acknowledge is a broken system, but it is no substitute for comprehensive immigration reform. 
Following the President’s announce-
ment, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on the Executive action program and heard the testimony of Astrid Silva. Hers is a fundamentally American story. It is similar in many ways to those of our parents and grand-parents. It is a story of a family look-ing to find a better life. Astrid qualifies for the President’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, program. And her parents would be eligible for the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, DAPA, program because her younger brother is a U.S. citizen. For more than 20 years, Astrid’s family has been working hard and contributing to their local community. They are the kind of family we want to have as our neighbors and coworkers. Their stories remind us that their dreams, along with those of so many others affected by our dysfunctional immigration sys-tem, hang in the balance, and under-score the need for a permanent legisla-tive solution. 
Some in Congress claim that the 
President’s executive action under-mined the prospect of achieving com-prehensive immigration reform. But I remind them that the President’s ac-tion—prompted by congressional inac-tion—is not an excuse for continued congressional inaction. We must keep working to find a permanent legisla-tive solution that provides today’s im-migrants with an opportunity to pros-per and contribute to our country. As families across the Nation gather next week around the table to give thanks, we will all count our family members and their security among our greatest blessings. Our fight for comprehensive immigration reform is at its core a fight to help reunite families and pro-vide the security that we all want for our loved ones. I urge Republicans to return to the cooperative and bipar-tisan approach of 2013 and work on 
comprehensive immigration reform legislation. The American people sup-port immigration reform. It is the right thing to do, and it should not be delayed any longer. 
f 
REFORMING THE EB–5 REGIONAL 
CENTER PROGRAM 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have 
championed the EB–5 Regional Center Program for many years. I have done so because I have seen its ability to generate investment and create jobs in distressed communities. But the pro-gram is facing some pressing chal-lenges. Reports of rampant fraud and abuse raise serious concerns and threaten to cripple the program’s in-tegrity. The incentives Congress estab-lished to invest in high unemployment and rural communities are also rou-tinely abused, undermining a core ob-jective of the program—to spur growth and create jobs in underserved areas. The Regional Center Program is set to expire on December 11. It should be re-authorized, but we should not extend it blindly. There is bipartisan consensus that the program is in dire need of re-form, and we cannot squander this op-portunity. 
I have long sought reforms to the Re-
gional Center Program. Last Congress, my EB–5 amendment to Comprehensive Immigration Reform provided the De-partment of Homeland Security addi-tional authority to revoke suspect re-gional center designations or immi-grant petitions. It also provided for in-creased reporting, background checks, and securities oversight. My amend-ment was unanimously approved in the Judiciary Committee, but unfortu-nately the improvements it contained have all had to wait, as the House of Representatives failed to allow a vote on the bipartisan immigration reform bill that passed the Senate last Con-gress. 
In the past year, only more concerns 
have emerged. In January, I joined Senators G
RASSLEY , CORKER , JOHNSON , 
and others in requesting that the Gov-ernment Accountability Office, GAO, audit the EB–5 program. The GAO re-port released in August detailed fraud vulnerabilities within the program and questioned its economic impact. Sepa-rate reports from the Department of Homeland Security’s Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis and Office of the Inspector General highlighted addi-tional issues that need to be addressed. 
I am also troubled by the fact that 
the incentives Congress created to pro-mote EB–5 investment in rural and high unemployment areas have been rendered meaningless. Investors are provided a discount if they choose to invest in rural or high unemployment areas, known as targeted employment areas or TEAs. At present, however, the most affluent neighborhoods in the country routinely qualify as TEAs by selectively stitching together other-wise unrelated census tracts. Depart-ment of Homeland Security Secretary 
Johnson rightly described this practice as gerrymandering. I do not suggest that affluent areas should not benefit from EB–5; they should. But they should not qualify for incentives in-tended to benefit high unemployment and rural areas. These areas typically do not have access to significant cap-ital and often struggle to create jobs. 
Secretary Johnson himself called for 
significant reforms to strengthen the Regional Center Program. In a letter to the Judiciary Committee last April, he asked for authority to quickly act on criminal and national security con-cerns, additional protections for inves-tors, enhanced reporting and auditing, improved integrity of TEAs, increased minimum investment amounts, and more. 
I have now worked for over 2 years to 
develop legislation that would provide a necessary overhaul of the Regional Center Program. In June, I was joined by Chairman G
RASSLEY in introducing 
this reform-oriented legislation, S.1501. Since then, Chairman G
RASSLEY and I 
have worked with House Judiciary Chairman G
OODLATTE on a bicameral 
bill based on S.1501. 
This bicameral bill would provide the 
Department with the authorities and investigative tools necessary to ad-dress national security concerns and fraud. The reforms include further ex-panding background checks, con-ducting a more thorough vetting of im-migrant investors and proposed invest-ments, and providing for the ability to proactively investigate fraud, both in the United States and abroad, using a dedicated fund paid for by certain pro-gram participants. The bill would pro-vide greater protections for investors and clarity and shorter processing times for project developers. It would also raise minimum investment thresh-olds so more money goes to the com-munities that need it. And it would help to restore the program to its original intent, by ensuring that incen-tives to invest in distressed and under-capitalized areas are restored. 
Such reforms would answer the con-
cerns raised by Secretary Johnson, the Department’s inspector general, the GAO, and others, instilling both con-fidence and transparency in the pro-gram. I believe these reforms would re-sult in a secure EB–5 program that cre-ates American jobs and promotes eco-nomic growth throughout our country. We cannot continue to leave the De-partment ill-equipped to administer this job creation program. We know what is needed to fix it. And we should fix it now. 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I in-
tend to object to any unanimous con-sent request at the present time relat-ing to the nomination of Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Virginia, a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, class of Career Ambassador, to be an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.037 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8152 November 19, 2015 
Under Secretary of State, Political Af-
fairs. 
I will object because the Department 
of State has still not responded to al-most a dozen investigative letters dat-ing back to 2013. In addition, on August 20, 2015, my staff met with Department officials in an effort to prioritize mate-rial for production. The Department has failed to comply with its commit-ments, producing material late, failing to provide all requested material, and even failing to provide material to the Senate Judiciary Committee contem-poraneously with providing the same documents to Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, requestors. These are the same complaints that I raised on Sep-tember 30, 2015, when I placed a hold on Brian James Egan of Maryland to be legal advisor of the Department of State. Apparently, the Department simply does not understand its obliga-tion to respond to congressional inquir-ies in a timely and reasonable manner. 
Two and a half years ago I began a 
broad inquiry into the government’s use of special government employee programs. I did not single out the State Department on this issue. To the contrary, I wrote to 16 different gov-ernment agencies. 
Two and a half years have passed 
since I began my inquiry, and the State Department has still not produced the materials I have requested or certified they do not exist. 
In addition to the investigation of 
the Department’s special government employee program, I am also inves-tigating the Department’s compliance with the FOIA as it pertains to Sec-retary Clinton’s private server that was used to transit and store govern-ment information. 
The Minority Leader has questioned 
whether the Judiciary Committee’s ju-risdiction extends to these matters. I would note that the special govern-ment employee designation is an ex-ception to Federal criminal conflict-of- interest laws. Those laws are within the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Com-mittee, as is FOIA. 
During the course of my investiga-
tion, a former State Department em-ployee—Mr. Bryan Pagliano—declined 
to speak to the Judiciary Committee about his work on Secretary Clinton’s email server. 
He pled the Fifth Amendment. We keep hearing that the FBI’s in-
quiry is just a security review and not a criminal inquiry; yet this witness cited his Constitutional right against self-incrimination to avoid talking about his work on the email server. And he is relying on the Fifth Amend-ment to withhold his personal emails as well. 
So naturally we are searching for 
other ways to get information before deciding whether it might be appro-priate to seek an immunity order for his testimony. The most likely source of information without forcing the wit-ness to testify would be his emails. 
Yet the Department has failed to 
produce any in response to my request and the request of Chairman J
OHNSON  
of the Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee. 
As a further example of the Depart-
ment’s continued intransigence, I re-quested all SF–312 ‘‘Classified Non-Dis-closure Agreements’’ for Secretary Clinton, Ms. Huma Abedin, and Ms. Cheryl Mills on August 5, 2015. My staff met with Department personnel three times since that letter and participated in dozens of emails and phone calls in an effort to acquire these documents. In addition, after the Department com-plained that it had received too many requests from me, my staff produced a prioritized list of requests to assist the Department in producing responses. At number three on that list were the SF– 312 forms, and at number one are the official emails of Mr. Pagliano. 
Notably, during conversations with 
my staff on the subject, Department personnel stated that they could not locate those forms with the exception of only page 2 of Ms. Abedin’s SF–312 exit form. On November 5, 2015, the De-partment produced SF–312 entrance forms for Secretary Clinton, Ms. Abedin, and Ms. Mills to a FOIA re-questor but failed to provide the same to the Committee. Clearly, the docu-ments exist. 
In addition, I am also looking into 
several State Department inspector general and whistleblower reports that suggest that the State Department does not hold its own employees ac-countable for human-trafficking and prostitution violations. 
Earlier this year, the Judiciary Com-
mittee led the effort to pass the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and I have sent letters to DOJ and DHS— and not just the State Department—to ensure that Federal employees are held accountable for soliciting prostitutes. 
Last week, the minority leader ques-
tioned my use of Judiciary Committee resources to conduct these investiga-tions, suggesting that my work in this area is somehow taking away from the committee’s other work. 
Back in September, the Justice De-
partment sent me a letter complaining that I have sent them almost 100 over-sight letters containing more than 825 questions and document requests—in 2015 alone. 
Since then, my office has sent 11 ad-
ditional oversight letters to the Jus-tice Department, containing more than 65 questions and document requests. So perhaps the minority leader should ask the assistant attorney general for leg-islative affairs at DOJ whether my committee is not doing enough DOJ oversight. 
The continued intransigence and lack 
of cooperation make it clear that the Department did not care enough about their Foreign Service officer can-didates to ‘‘get in gear’’ and begin to produce responses to my oversight let-ters. Accordingly, I have released my hold on these officer candidates and have escalated to Mr. Shannon. The Department of State’s refusal to 
fully cooperate with my investigations is unacceptable. 
As I have noted before on the floor of 
the Senate, the Department continues to promise results, but there has been very little or no follow-through. The Department’s good faith will be meas-ured in documents delivered and wit-nesses provided. 
My objection is not intended to ques-
tion the credentials of Mr. Shannon in any way. However, the Department must recognize that it has an ongoing obligation to respond to congressional inquiries in a timely and reasonable manner. 
f 
REMEMBERING NOHEMI GONZALEZ 
AND THE VICTIMS OF THE PARIS TERRORIST ATTACKS 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, it is 
with a heavy heart that I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring the life of Nohemi Gonzalez, a 23-year-old sen-ior at California State University, Long Beach who was tragically killed during the recent terrorist attacks in Paris. 
Nohemi grew up in Whittier, CA with 
her mother, Beatriz, who described her as ‘‘very strong and independent,’’ even graduating high school early because she couldn’t wait to go to college. At Cal State, she chose to study industrial design—recently taking home a second place prize in an international design competition. She was thrilled to be achieving one of her dreams of study-ing at the Strate School of Design in Paris this semester. 
Nohemi’s professors laud her as a 
very gifted student—curious, deter-mined, and incredibly caring. She took on a leadership role as a teacher’s aide and shop technician for the department of design. Classmates remember Nohemi as a mentor and tutor, some-one who encouraged everyone around her to strive to be the best versions of themselves. Friends say she was a blessing and always had an upbeat, cheerful attitude. She always looked on the bright side. 
I want to send my deepest, heartfelt 
condolences to Nohemi’s mother, Beatriz, her stepfather, Jose Her-nandez, and to all who loved her. While there are no words to express how sorry I am at this tragic loss, I hope they can take comfort knowing that Nohemi’s beautiful legacy will serve as an inspi-ration for us all. 
I also want to send my thoughts and 
prayers to the members of the Palm Desert-based band, Eagles of Death Metal, who were playing at the Bataclan concert hall the night of the attacks. As they grieve the death of their British merchandise manager, Nick Alexander, and representatives from their record company, Thomas Ayad, Marie Mosser, and Manu Perez, I know there has been an outpouring of 
love and strength from the caring Desert community. I hope that brings them some comfort in this very dif-ficult time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.032 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8153 November 19, 2015 
The people of France have suffered 
tremendously, and I want them to know that Americans mourn with them. They stood by our sides after the attacks on September 11, 2001, and we stand with them now in the face of these horrific attacks. 
f 
NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to bring attention today to the 108,000 foster children in our country who right now are waiting to be adopt-ed. Of these, more than 14,000 are in California. 
These are children who cannot safely 
be reunited with their biological fami-lies and are without a permanent place to call home through absolutely no fault of their own. These are children who are waiting for a family, wanting to belong, and needing our help. Of these children, more than 20,000 age out of the foster care system every year. They are sent on their way and expected to make it on their own. This is unacceptable. 
What do we know about their out-
comes? It isn’t good. Around half of foster youth graduate high school, and less than three percent earn a college degree. Around a quarter will become homeless after aging out of the foster system. Many will find their way into the justice system. 
Now, imagine a different outcome. 
Children are meant to be in a family. All children deserve love, safety, and permanency. No child is unadoptable. 
November marks National Adoption 
Month, and November 21st is National Adoption Day. This highlights not only the need to find loving homes for chil-dren who are waiting, but celebrates those who have opened their hearts and chosen to build their families through adoption. Children in foster care are not just in need, they are waiting for a family to give their love and to share their joy. 
In 2014, more than 50,000 children 
were adopted from foster care. What adoption means to youth who have been through foster care is best said in their own words. 
From Athena, a young lady in Pasa-
dena, CA, who was adopted from foster care: ‘‘Adoption is very dear and im-portant to me. As an older youth in the system, you expect to have no support, let alone adoption as an option. But being a part of a family was all I ever wanted and deep down it is what most foster youth want because it means love, stability and a place for one to grow and excel in.’’ 
And from Cassidy, an adopted teen-
ager in California: ‘‘If you take a chance on a foster child by adopting them, you give them a chance to be who they were born to be. Let’s make ‘aging-out’ a term no longer needed in the English language.’’ 
Darnell, an older teen adopted in 
California, explains what finding a per-manent family means to him: ‘‘Adop-tion means I have a second chance at life, I know I am loved and have a safe 
place to call home. When strangers take you into their home and love you just for who you are; you can relax and live a regular life.’’ 
All children in foster care deserve 
this second chance at having their for-ever family and a safe and loving home. I encourage those who are interested in learning more about adoption from fos-ter care to visit www.adoptuskids.org. 
This is also a time to celebrate the 
many volunteers and mentors who pro-vide a positive, stable relationship for a child going through a time of vast uncertainty. There may not be a sim-ple solution, but we do know what gets us closer. 
Programs that provide comprehen-
sive resources—tutoring, mentoring, mental health services, and adults that build meaningful relationships with youth leads to improved outcomes, in-cluding higher rates of permanency. 
Focused family finding efforts that 
reach out to extended family members and others who have played a role in the life of the child gets results. That means fewer youth who age out of the system. 
We can and must do better because 
20,000 of our Nation’s foster children aging out of the system each year is simply unacceptable. These are our most vulnerable, the ones recovering from trauma, abuse, and neglect. The ones who are at high risk of being sold into child sex trafficking and a number of other terrible outcomes. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues to ensure a better future for foster youth in our country and, as Cassidy, a teenager who was adopted from foster care in California says, make the term ‘‘aging out’’ one that we no longer need to use. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAY S. FISHMAN 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize a distinguished and outstanding business leader, Mr. Jay S. Fishman, as he steps down as chief ex-ecutive officer of The Travelers Compa-nies on December 1, 2015. 
I met Jay during my first term as 
chairman of the Senate Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs Committee. Jay reached out to the committee in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. After han-dling claims and helping people rebuild their homes and businesses, Jay was interested in shaping public policy for how this country handles natural ca-tastrophes. He proposed many innova-tive and thoughtful ideas on how to protect policyholders and taxpayers from what he called ‘‘the next big one.’’ I then watched as Jay deftly managed his company during the finan-cial crisis, not merely weathering the storm, but thriving while many of his competitors were seeking help from the government in the form of tax-payer bailouts. Jay never asked what the government could do to help Trav-elers; he always asked how Travelers could help us to develop better public policy based on the expertise that he 
and his colleagues could provide. 
Jay will continue to serve Travelers 
as executive chairman as he contends with the challenges that come with the diagnosis of ALS. He has handled the diagnosis with great dignity and a steadfast resolve to engage, which will surprise no one who knows him. I know he will work relentlessly to promote research that will extend and eventu-ally save lives of people who are strick-en with this terrible disease. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
paying tribute to this exceptional man, a man who passionately engaged in business and public policy, who has led a truly remarkable career and left an indelible impact on those people who were lucky enough to work for him and with him during his long career. 
f 
NOMINATION OF DR. ROBERT 
CALIFF 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks to 
the Senate Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NOMINATION OF DR . ROBERT CALIFF  
Today we are reviewing the nomination of 
Dr. Robert Califf to serve as Commissioner of Food and Drugs. Dr. Califf, congratulations on your nomination. Welcome to you and to your family members who are here. I enjoyed 
having the opportunity to visit with you in my office. 
If confirmed to lead the Food and Drug Ad-
ministration (FDA) as its Commissioner, you will be in charge of steering the agency re-sponsible for assuring the safety and effec-tiveness of our nation’s medical products and protecting our country’s food supply. That is a huge job. The FDA affects nearly every sin-gle American and regulates about a quarter of all consumer spending in the United States—over $4 trillion annually. It is re-sponsible for product areas as diverse as pre-scription drugs for humans and animals, medical devices, biologics, cosmetics, over- the-counter medications, food, and tobacco. That is a vital mission, and we all want to make sure that the right person is leading it. 
The president has nominated you to do 
that job, and like every full-time nominee, you’ve been through an exhaustive process to make sure that you do not have any con-flicts of interest or other problems in your background. 
Before the president even announced your 
nomination, there was an extensive vetting process by the White House and the FBI. You also submitted paperwork to the Office of Government Ethics, which carefully re-viewed your financial information and found that, with several recusals which you have committed to do, there would not be any re-maining conflicts of interest that would pre-vent you from doing your job. The form you submitted is public and includes every source of income over $200 and every asset worth more than $1,000, and every potential conflict that the Office of Government Eth-ics determined would require a recusal. 
You answered 37 pages of questions from 
our committee, including some confidential questions on financial information, and re-sponded to written follow-up questions. Your responses included over 3,000 pages of arti-cles and lectures my staff reviewed and that any member of the committee could review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.017 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8154 November 19, 2015 
You were nominated on September 17. My 
staff has spent two months carefully review-ing everything you submitted and has not found anything that would call into doubt your ability to lead the FDA fairly and im-partially. 
You come here today with impressive 
qualifications. You are one the nation’s lead-ing cardiologists and have been a professor at one of the nation’s top medical schools for over 30 years. You are an expert on clinical research and have been recognized by the In-stitute for Scientific Information as one of the top 10 most cited medical authors, with more than 1,200 peer-reviewed publications. You have experience managing large organi-zations, including in your current position supervising all of the FDA’s work on medical products and tobacco, and in your past work as the founding director of the Duke Clinical Research Institute. 
Moreover, you have conducted scores of 
important clinical trials, and you have ad-vised and worked on research with some of the nation’s leading pharmaceutical and bio-pharmaceutical companies. So you under-stand how research gets done in the real world, where there are opportunities for the FDA to help address challenges, and where the FDA needs to get out of the way. 
I’m eager to hear about your priorities, 
and how you intend to manage an organiza-tion as large and diverse as the FDA. I also think everyone on this committee will have some questions for you. Here are a few of mine. 
First, I would like to hear what you will do 
to help ensure that affordable drugs are available to American patients. The FDA’s job, of course, is not to set drug prices. It is to make sure that drugs are safe and effec-tive. And I hope you’ll agree with me on that. But FDA can help the market lower drug prices by approving generic drugs and other products as quickly as it possibly can, so there is more choice and competition in the market. 
There are thousands of applications for ge-
neric drugs sitting at the FDA, awaiting ap-proval. Addressing this backlog will allow lower-cost drugs to be available for patients. Approval times have gotten worse instead of better. In 2011, the FDA published the me-dian approval time on its website, and it was 30 months. Since then, the FDA has stopped publishing the statistics online, but the Ge-neric Pharmaceutical Association surveyed its members and estimates that the median approval time is now about 48 months. This is despite generic drugmakers agreeing in 2012 to give the FDA approximately $1.6 bil-lion in user fees over 5 years, nearly $1 bil-lion of which the FDA has already collected. I’m eager to hear what you think the FDA can do to improve. 
Second, there has never been a more excit-
ing time to lead the agency. We know more about biology and medicine than ever before, and that’s not likely to stop anytime soon given advancement of regenerative cell therapies, 3D printing, and the president’s Precision Medicine Initiative—which is aimed at developing our knowledge so that medical treatments and devices can be tai-lored to individual patients. For example, Smith & Nephew, a device company I toured in Memphis a few weeks ago, uses 3D print-ing to make tools that doctors use in ap-proximately 25% of knee replacements. 
Your job, if confirmed, will be to make 
sure that FDA regulation is appropriate. Too much regulation could reduce investment in these areas in its track, and not enough reg-ulation could lead to patients getting thera-pies that are not safe or effective. 
Your job also will be to make sure the FDA 
keeps up with science and relies on the ex-pertise outside the FDA when appropriate. Doing that will require you to manage a 
large and complex organization—not just on the big policies that make headlines, but on the less flashy stuff like hiring and training scientists on the agency’s core mission, and integrating information technology in the right ways. 
There is work to be done. Medical products 
take more time and money to discover, de-velop, and reach American patients than ever before, and we hear stories about drugs and devices that are available to patients outside the U.S. before they become avail-able here, often because it is difficult for manufacturers to navigate the FDA’s often unclear approval requirements. It often takes over a decade to develop a drug that gains marketing approval in the U.S., and, according to one recent study, the costs have nearly tripled in the last ten years. In 2003, it cost an inflation-adjusted $1 million in capital and out-of-pocket expenses; in 2014, it cost over $2.5 billion. 
In this Committee, we are working on leg-
islation to help get safe cutting-edge drugs, medical devices and treatments into Ameri-cans’ medicine cabinets and doctors’ offices more quickly, and we hope to move on that by the end of the year. I want to hear what you think the FDA can do to build its capac-ity and fix the impact of its regulations so that the FDA is a partner in innovation, rather than a barrier. 
Thank you, and I look forward to hearing 
your testimony on these important issues. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SANTA CRUZ 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleagues to join me in congratulating the University of California, Santa Cruz on its 50th anniversary and recog-nizing the outstanding faculty and staff for their immense contributions. 
For 50 years, UC Santa Cruz has edu-
cated, inspired, and helped shape the futures of generations of young people, fostering an environment to produce not only good scholars but also good citizens. 
Modeled after historic institutions 
like Oxford, from its earliest days, stu-dents have been encouraged to ask questions—to learn how to think for themselves and debate the status quo inside and outside the classroom. Today the university counts among its alumni some of the world’s most pro-lific and influential leaders on every-thing from organic farming to ocean health, from women’s rights and med-ical research. 
A half century after its founding, UC 
Santa Cruz is a world-renowned re-search facility at the center of many critical scientific breakthroughs, such as producing the first working draft of the human genome, helping global re-searchers develop a vaccine for the Ebola virus, and playing a leading role in cancer genome research. The univer-sity is also home to one of the world’s top marine mammal research centers. Its internationally recognized faculty includes 14 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 26 fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and recipients of the Presi-
dential National Medal of Science and the Benjamin Franklin Medal from the Franklin Institute, one of the oldest and most prestigious science awards in the world. 
Anyone who is lucky enough to have 
visited the UC Santa Cruz campus is immediately struck by its beauty. Nes-tled between the Pacific Ocean and red-wood forests, the campus offers stu-dents a spectacular backdrop to their education. Students hike trails to class, elephant seals can be heard in the background, and stunning sunsets can be seen from university grounds. These breathtaking surroundings have attracted a creative and passionate student body that has proudly em-braced environmental, social, and po-litical causes—and a sense of humor. In 1986, the students selected their now- famous official mascot—the Banana Slugs. 
Since 1965, UC Santa Cruz has cre-
ated an atmosphere of discovery and activism, shaping minds, pushing the frontiers of knowledge, and making our world a better place. I congratulate Chancellor George Blumenthal and the faculty, staff, alumni, and students of UC Santa Cruz on this 50th anniversary and wish this extraordinary institution continued success in the future. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY CRAWFORD 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, in honor 
of National Adoption Month, I want to recognize one member of Montana’s community who has opened her home and heart to be an adoptive parent. Mrs. Mary Crawford is what I believe one of the best Montana has to offer. 
As an original cosponsor of a resolu-
tion to designate November as Na-tional Adoption Month and November 21 as National Adoption Day that passed the Senate unamiously this week, I could find no better time than this to honor Mary. This month we honor selfless individuals like Mary who have dedicated themselves toward comforting, protecting, and improving the lives of children they have wel-comed into their homes. 
Like most foster parents who later 
become adoptive parents, the process isn’t easy, but the resolve of both Mary and husband to continue to provide a loving home for nine children is noth-ing short of admirdable. Mary has pro-vided a family which has made a huge difference in these childrens’ lives— giving them a family for life, beyond just their childhood years. These chil-dren are safe today in the arms of lov-ing, adopting parents because of Mary. 
Montana has kids who are ready and 
waiting to be adopted. In fact, there are 415,000 children currently in the U.S. Foster Care System, and 108,000 of those are waiting to be adopted. Mary has taken tremendous steps in pro-viding six children with a forever home to give them the stability and love that she and her husband could pro-vide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.053 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8155 November 19, 2015 
I am unbelievably proud to have a 
citizen like Mary Crawford in the great State of Montana. I am thankful for the love and support she has shown these children. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NEVADA 
INDIAN COMMISSION 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the 50th anniversary of an important entity to our great State—the Nevada Indian Commission. I am pleased to see this commission, which contributes so much in support of Nevada’s Native American commu-nity, reach this significant milestone. 
The Nevada Indian Commission has 
been a positive force in communities across our State. The commission con-tinues to serve as a forum for Nevada’s Native American population, bringing important issues affecting this commu-nity to light. I am grateful to have the Nevada Indian Commission serving as an important liaison between Nevada’s 27 tribal communities and our State’s government. 
The Nevada Indian Commission was 
established in 1965 as a means to main-tain a positive quality of life for our State’s Native Americans. Those that serve on the commission work to bring greater awareness of Nevada’s many tribes’ cultures, values, and customs. The commission devotes countless hours to improving education, employ-ment, heath, well-being, and socio-economic status by advocating on be-half of Nevada’s Native Americans, while communicating with local offi-cials. The commission has five board members working to strengthen eco-nomic opportunity and community de-velopment. I am thankful for their leadership and for the great things they are doing for this community. 
The Federal Government has unique 
and important responsibilities to tribes and their people. That responsibility is something I take seriously as one of Nevada’s Senators, which is why I have supported policies in Congress focused on promoting tribal self-governance and self-determination. Just recently, the Senate passed a resolution recog-nizing November as National Native American Heritage Month. As a proud original cosponsor of this resolution, I was pleased to see it pass to celebrate the heritages and cultures of Native Americans and their contributions to the United States and Nevada. 
For the past 50 years, the Nevada In-
dian Commission has proven its unwav-ering dedication to our state. The hard work of those that have served this Commission has greatly contributed to the positive impact the Native Amer-ican community has had across Ne-vada. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Nevada Indian Commis-sion on its 50th anniversary and thank-ing the commission for all it does for the Silver State. ∑ CONGRATULATING PROFESSOR 
ANA DOUGLASS 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Professor Ana Douglass on receiving the 2015 Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching Nevada Professor of the Year award. This accolade is truly pres-tigious, attained by only the most in-fluential of Nevada’s educators. The Silver State is truly fortunate to have Professor Douglass working at Truckee Meadows Community College, TMCC. 
The State Professors of the Year 
Awards Program, sponsored by the Car-negie Foundation, recognizes educators who go above and beyond in their ca-reer. These professors have an extraor-dinary dedication to undergraduate teaching as proven through their rela-tionships with students, approach in helping their students learn, contribu-tions to undergraduate education, and support from students and colleagues at their institutions. These educators’ unwavering commitment to their stu-dents is unparalleled and has not gone unnoticed. 
Professor Douglass is the first fac-
ulty member of a Nevada community college to receive this prestigious award. She has served at TMCC for 19 years, working not only as an English professor, but also as a leader among her peers. As a teacher, Professor Douglass is dedicated to motivating her students to be the best they can be by challenging them in their studies. She is also a mentor to many hard-working students, serving as an exam-ple of excellence in education for the TMCC community. 
As the father of four children and as 
the husband of a teacher, I understand the important role educators play in enriching the lives of Nevadans. Ensur-ing students throughout the Silver State are prepared to compete in the 21st century is critical for the future of our country. The State of Nevada is fortunate to be home to educators like Professor Douglass. 
I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans 
to join me in thanking Professor Doug-lass for her dedication to enriching the lives of Nevada’s students and con-gratulating her on receiving this award. I wish her well in all of her fu-ture endeavors and in creating success for all students who enter her class-room. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE LEWISTON 
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS’ SOCCER TEAM 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, at the end 
of the fall season, we see the culmina-tion of youth athletics across the coun-try. In each sport, whether it is field hockey, football, soccer, or the like, we as parents and spectators see the ag-gregation of hard work, sportsmanship, and perseverance come together to produce outstanding championship ath-letes. Today I wish to draw attention to all of the talented Maine youths who won athletic championships across the State this year. In particular, I would 
like to congratulate the members of the Lewiston High School Blue Devils boys’ soccer team, who on the path to their undefeated regular season and re-cent state championship victory have demonstrated remarkable levels of teamwork and sportsmanship. 
The Blue Devils’ achieved victory 
through an impressive display of talent and teamwork. Throughout their reg-ular season the team scored a total of 114 goals, consistently demonstrated their strong defense, and earned rec-ognition when USA Today ranked them 22nd in the country. The team’s display of unity, patience, and determination in the state final against Scarborough High School was a fitting conclusion to a stunning season of hard work. 
During two prior seasons, the Blue 
Devils earned their way to the State finals but each time returned home without the win. Following their defeat last November, Lewiston High School coach Mike McGraw vowed to his team that they would return and they would win. This year, that promise was ful-filled. 
But the story of the Blue Devils’ win 
is not solely one of raw athletic talent and training. This is a team with a long history and deep friendships that have spanned many years and con-tinents. A number of the players origi-nally hail from Somalia and have known each other and played soccer to-gether since they were children in a refugee camp in Kenya. Others—native Mainers and immigrants alike—have bonded and shared their passion for the sport since grade school. This fraternal bond between the players and the supportiveness of the Lewiston commu-nity is a fine example of Maine citizens from diverse ethnic, religious, and ex-periential backgrounds coming to-gether to achieve victory while cham-pioning Maine’s spirit and America’s highest ideals of inclusiveness and unity. 
I wish to join the city of Lewiston 
and the entire Maine community in congratulating the Lewiston High School boys’ soccer team for their well-earned success. They dem-onstrated impressive athletic ability, incredible determination, loyalty to their coach and one another, and have highlighted the richness that multiculturalism brings to our commu-nities. The Blue Devils have earned their title as champions in more ways than one. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL 
BOB HARTER 
∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
today I acknowledge COL Bob Harter of the United States Army Reserve as he is promoted to brigadier general, ef-fective November 8, 2015. The Harter family has long roots in Alaska; Bob’s grandparents moved to Fairbanks in the early 1940s, and Bob’s father, LTC Robert Harter, retired, was raised in Fairbanks, leaving Alaska to attend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.023 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8156 November 19, 2015 
the United States Military Academy in 
1961. Bob lived in Alaska in the mid- 1970s, when Bob’s father was stationed at Fort Wainwright. While Bob has spent the last 27 years serving his country both at home and abroad, he has always maintained his Alaskan res-idence and remains the son of a proud Alaska family. In fact, both Bob and his father travel to Cordova, AK, every summer to spend time on the family boat, fishing and enjoying ‘‘the last frontier.’’ 
BG Bob Harter is the incoming direc-
tor of the Office, Chief Army Reserve, OCAR, Staff. He was previously as-signed to the Army’s chief of staff transition team, where he provided a total force perspective for GEN Mark Milley, the newly assigned chief of staff of the Army. As the director of the OCAR Staff, Brigadier General Harter will be responsible for synchro-nizing the actions of the 400-person Army Reserve headquarters based out of Fort Belvoir, VA, in support of the chief of Army Reserve’s priorities. 
A graduate of Virginia Tech, Briga-
dier General Harter began his military career in 1988 as an artillery officer, as-signed to the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, ACR, in Bad Hersfeld, Ger-many. 
While assigned to the 11th ACR, Brig-
adier General Harter participated in multiple border security missions prior to the fall of the Berlin Wall and Ger-man reunification. Colonel Harter also deployed with the regiment to Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in support of Oper-ation Desert Storm. 
Upon returning from Desert Storm, 
Colonel Harter transferred to the Ord-nance Corps and was reassigned to Fort Campbell, KY, where he served as a group maintenance officer; battalion operations officer, S3; and as com-mander, 584th Direct Support, DS, Maintenance Company. 
In 1999, Brigadier General Harter 
transferred from the Active component to the Reserve component, entered the Active Guard and Reserve program, and was assigned to the 99th Regional Readiness Command in Pittsburgh, PA, as a training chief for a readiness team, with a follow on assignment to the 55th Sustainment Brigade, Fort Belvoir, as the brigade support oper-ations officer. 
In 2006, Brigadier General Harter 
transferred to the 316th Expeditionary Sustainment Command and, in 2007, de-ployed to Balad, Iraq, for one year. While in Iraq, Brigadier General Harter served as the 316th’s distribution man-agement chief, responsible for synchro-nizing logistics support to the more than 150,000 military members oper-ating in Iraq. 
Upon redeployment from Iraq, Briga-
dier General Harter attended the Na-tional War College at Fort McNair, Washington, DC, and was subsequently assigned as branch chief in the Force Protection Division, J8, of the Joint Staff. While in the J8, Brigadier Gen-eral Harter was responsible for vetting the mine-resistant ambush protected, 
MRAP, and counter improvised explo-sive device requirements in support of Central Command, CENTCOM, oper-ations. 
In 2011, Brigadier General Harter be-
came the executive officer for the chief, Army Reserve, and, in 2013, as-sumed duties as the Office, Chief Army Reserve assistant chief of staff. 
Brigadier General Harter’s awards in-
clude the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, and the parachutist and air as-sault badges. Brigadier General Harter is a graduate of the National War Col-lege. He lives in Stafford, VA, with his wife, Erin, also a Virginia Tech grad-uate, and his three children: Anna, 20, currently a sophomore at the Univer-sity of Virginia; Bobby, 16; and Jack, 14. 
It is only fair and proper to acknowl-
edge the unwavering support of his wife, Erin, and their three children, as they enabled him to work tirelessly on his assigned duties throughout his ca-reer and will undoubtedly continue to do so for many years to come. Let us thank them all for their sacrifices and wish them continued success in the fu-ture. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REVEREND SCOTT 
FISHER 
∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
this weekend the interior Alaska com-munity will honor the Rev. Scott Fish-er, the rector and senior pastor of St. Matthew’s Episcopal Church in down-town Fairbanks on the occasion of his retirement. St. Matthew’s is not just any church. It is one of the three oldest churches in Fairbanks, a beautiful log building overlooking the Chena River. It is a diverse congregation, the spir-itual home of the Athabascan commu-nity of interior Alaska. And Scott Fisher is not just any pastor. All who know Scott would agree that he re-flects all that is good and all that is holy. Easy to talk to and calming in manner, Scott is respected by people of all faiths for his strength, compassion, and humanity. 
There is an old plaque on the door of 
St. Matthew’s that reads: ‘‘To all who are joyful and thankful—to all who mourn and need comfort—to all who are weary and need rest—to all who are friendless and wish friendship—to all who pray and to all who do not but ought—to all who sin and need a Savior and to whosoever will—this church opens wide the door and in the name of Christ the Lord says welcome.’’ And under Scott Fisher’s leadership, that was so. This is a church where new-comers feel welcome immediately. 
The Rev. Scott Fisher has served as 
rector of St. Matthew’s Episcopal Church since June 1991. He arrived in Alaska, through the legendary Bishop William Jones Gordon, Jr., as a volun-teer layworker in October 1970 and lived in the interior villages of Chalkyitsik, Stevens Village, and Bea-ver before leaving for seminary under 
Bishop Gordon’s direction in the sum-mer of 1973. Receiving his M.Div. from the Episcopal Theological Seminary of the Southwest, in Austin, TX, he re-turned to the interior of Alaska, work-ing for the church in Fort Yukon and Beaver before moving into the diocesan office. He was an assistant to the bishop, traveling and working exten-
sively throughout the interior and Arc-tic coast, before coming to St. Mat-thew’s in the summer of 1991. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
thank Rev. Scott Fisher for the power-ful contribution he has made to life in interior Alaska and to wish him well in retirement. I know that I speak for the entire community in telling you that your departure leaves a large hole in our hearts, and we shall miss you. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING BEATRIZ R. 
PEREZ 
∑Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I would 
like to offer congratulations to Ms. Beatriz R. Perez, chief sustainability officer and vice president of the Coca- Cola Company and the winner of the Canadian-American Business Achieve-ment Award. For more than 20 years, the Canadian American Business Achievement award has highlighted the deep relationship between the United States and Canada, the impor-tance of free trade between the coun-tries, and recognized individuals who have been leaders in their fields of en-terprise. 
Ms. Perez has served in her current 
role at Coca-Cola since 2011. Pre-viously, she helped direct major mark-ing operations for the Atlanta-based beverage giant. In addition to her work at Coke, Ms. Perez spends a great deal of time giving back to the Atlanta community as a trustee for the Save the Children Foundation and a board member for Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta. 
At Coca-Cola, working with the com-
pany’s top leaders and nonprofits from around the world, Ms. Perez directs ef-forts that seek to build cooperation in the ‘‘golden triangle of government, business and civil society.’’ Ms. Perez is working with local governments around the world to continue the com-pany’s stewardship of natural resources through the development of water projects in nearly 100 countries, work-ing with communities to advance and empower economic opportunities for women, and continuing the company’s efforts in the distribution of more than 10 billion fully recyclable PlantBottle
TMpackages across 24 coun-
tries, which eliminates the need for the equivalent of more than 200,000 barrels of oil. 
In 2014, Ms. Perez was named as one 
of the 10 Most Powerful Women in Sus-tainability by Green Building & Design magazine. She has been featured as one of the 25 Most Powerful Latinas on CNN en Espanol and in People en Espanol, and is a member of the Amer-ican Advertising Hall of Achievement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.019 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8157 November 19, 2015 
and the Sports Business Journal’s Hall 
of Fame. Ms. Perez earned her bach-elor’s degree in Marketing from the University of Maryland and currently resides in Atlanta, GA. 
I applaud Ms. Perez’s efforts and am 
proud to have her and the Coca-Cola Company call Georgia home. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY RUSSELL 
VANDIVER 
∑Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I am 
pleased today to recognize Betty Rus-sell Vandiver, wife of former Gov. Er-nest Vandiver, who served as first lady of Georgia from 1959 to 1963. When Mrs. Vandiver became first lady, Central State Hospital in Milledgeville served as Georgia’s only State hospital for the mentally ill and developmentally dis-abled. In the late 1950s, Central State Hospital was home to more than 12,000 clients, many of whom had been aban-doned by their families at an early age. 
Upon visiting the hospital, Mrs. 
Vandiver became very concerned about the plight of the clients and their liv-ing conditions. She determined that she would devote much of her time and energy as first lady to raise public awareness of the needs of Georgia’s mentally ill and developmentally dis-abled. 
One of Mrs. Vandiver’s initiatives to 
show care and concern for the clients at Central State Hospital was to work with the Georgia Municipal Associa-tion to create a statewide Christmas gift collection drive known as the May-ors’ Motorcade, which was established in 1959 and expanded years later to sup-port the clients of the State’s regional hospitals. Each year, caring Georgians support the Mayors’ Motorcade by do-nating gifts to cities participating in the program. 
Through Mrs. Vandiver’s efforts, 
thousands of clients residing at Geor-gia’s State hospitals have received Christmas gifts and visits from city of-ficials at special Motorcade events. 
Today it is my pleasure to honor 
Mrs. Vandiver for having the vision to create the program as a way of pro-viding not only gifts but also raising public awareness about the needs of Georgia’s mentally ill and develop-mentally disabled. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHIEF VERNON 
ASHLEY 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate and reflect on the life and legacy of Vernon Ashley who passed away on November 10, 2015. 
Vernon Ashley was born on January 
15, 1916, at the mouth of Wolf Creek along the banks of the Missouri River near present day Fort Thompson, SD. In 1946, after serving in the Army Air Corps during World War II, Vernon was elected tribal chairman of the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe. As chairman, he was credited both with helping to au-thor the tribe’s first constitution and bylaws and for working to preserve tribal lands for his people during the 
Federal Government’s flood control projects of the 1940s and 50s. He was a servant to his people of the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe and to his fellow South Da-kotans. After nearly 10 years of work-ing for the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Vernon went to work for South Dakota as the first Indian Affairs coordinator, serving in that role under three dif-ferent Governors. He was a fluent Da-kota speaker whose Dakota name was Sinkpe, which means muskrat. This past July, the Crow Creek Sioux Tribe honored him by making him a chief. 
The eagle bone whistle was tradition-
ally used by some Plains Indian war-rior societies. When Vernon and his fel-low veterans were honored at his me-morial services, several people heard the sound of the eagle bone whistle even though no one was playing one. Therefore, may the sound of the eagle bone whistle be with us, too, when we need to be inspired to be brave and do what is right for the people we serve. 
Chief Vernon Ashley will be remem-
bered by all for his humility, for being a man of faith, and for his friendship to so many. With this, I welcome the op-portunity to recognize and commemo-rate the life and legacy of this good friend of mine, a great leader, Chief Vernon Ashley. Thank you. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 11:45 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2262. An act to facilitate a pro-growth 
environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 12:05 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 1210. An act to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institu-tion’s portfolio, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1737. An act to nullify certain guid-
ance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:18 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2036. An act to suspend the current com-
pensation packages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 208. An act to improve the disaster as-
sistance programs of the Small Business Ad-ministration. 
H.R. 639. An act to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed 
by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:22 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3996. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 2:33 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4038. An act to require that supple-
mental certifications and background inves-tigations be completed prior to the admis-sion of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) reported that he had signed the 
following enrolled bill, which was pre-viously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 799. An act to address problems related 
to prenatal opioid use. 
At 2:45 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 95. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives and a conditional recess or adjournment of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.027 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8158 November 19, 2015 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1210. An act to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institu-tion’s portfolio, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
H.R. 1737. An act to nullify certain guid-
ance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar; 
H.R. 3762. An act to provide for reconcili-
ation pursuant to section 2002 of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
The following bill was deemed read 
the second time, pursuant to the order of November 19, 2015, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 4038. An act to require that supple-
mental certifications and background inves-tigations be completed prior to the admis-sion of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
H.R. 4038. An act to require that supple-
mental certifications and background inves-tigations be completed prior to the admis-sion of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes. 
S. 2329. A bill to prevent the entry of ex-
tremists into the United States under the refugee program, and for other purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, November 19, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 799. An act to address problems related 
to prenatal opioid use. 
S. 2036. An act to suspend the current com-
pensation packages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3612. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flutriafol; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9933–61) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–3613. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2-Propenoic Acid, Polymer with Ethenylbenzene and (1- methylethenyl)benzene; Tolerance Exemp-tion’’ (FRL No. 9936–48) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3614. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Protection of Military In-stallations’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3615. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Photovoltaic Devices From the United States’’ ((RIN0750–AI41) (DFARS Case 2015–D007)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3616. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Eliminate Data Collection Requirement’’ ((RIN0750–AI73) (DFARS Case 2015–D031)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3617. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commence-ment of Assessment of Annual Charges’’ (Docket No. RM15–18–000) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 17, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3618. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator and Chief Executive Officer, Bonneville Power Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s Annual Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3619. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Withdrawal’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9936–98)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3620. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Prevention Significant Deterioration; Plantwide Applicability Limits for Green-house Gases’’ (FRL No. 9937–25–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3621. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Algal Toxin Risk Assessment and Management Strategic Plan for Drink-ing Water’’; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3622. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Rules for Grandfathered Plans, Preexisting Condition Exclusion, Lifetime and Annual Limits, Re-
scissions, Dependent Coverage, Appeals, and Patient Protections under the Affordable Care Act’’ (TD 9744) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3623. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Comprehensive Care for Joint Re-placement Payment Model for Acute Care Hospitals Furnishing Lower Extremity Joint Replacement Services’’ (RIN0938–AS64) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3624. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transitional Amendments to Satisfy the Market Rate of Return Rules for Hybrid Retirement Plans’’ ((RIN1545–BL62) (TD 9743)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on No-vember 18, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3625. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualified Student Loan Bonds’’ (Notice 2015–78) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 18, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3626. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of Guid-ance in Notice 2013–7 for Participants in the HFA Hardest Hit Fund’’ (Notice 2015–77) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3627. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update for Weight-ed Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 18, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3628. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0134—2015–0149); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3629. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Rules for Grandfathered Plans, Preexisting Condition Exclusions, Lifetime and Annual Limits, Rescissions, Dependent Coverage, Appeals, and Patient Protections’’ (RIN0938– AS56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3630. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Agency Financial Report for Fiscal Year 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3631. A communication from the Chief 
of the Trade and Commercial Regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.018 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8159 November 19, 2015 
Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-
partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Freedom of Information Act Proce-dures’’ ((CBP Dec. 15–16) (RIN1651–AB05)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3632. A communication from the Chair-
man, Farm Credit System Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s consolidated report addressing the Federal Managers Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA or Integrity Act) and the In-spector General Act of 1978 (IG Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3633. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Housing Improvement Program’’ (RIN1076–AF22) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
EC–3634. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Secretarial Election Procedures’’ (RIN1076–AE93) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
EC–3635. A communication from the Chief 
Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Exempting Mental Health Peer Support Services from Copayments’’ (RIN2900–AP11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–3636. A communication from the Chief 
Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expanded Access to Non-VA Care through the Veterans Choice Program’’ (RIN2900–AP24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–3637. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3638. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, U.S. Agency for International Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s fiscal year 2015 Agency Finan-cial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3639. A communication from the Chief 
of the Policy and Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Expanding the Economic and Innovation Opportunities of Spectrum Through Incen-tive Auctions; Office of Engineering and Technology Releases and Seeks Comment on Updated OET–69 Software; Office of Engi-neering and Technology Seeks to Supple-ment the Incentive Auction Proceeding Record Regarding Potential Interference Be-tween Broadcast Television and Wireless Services’’ ((ET Doc. No. 13–26) (ET Doc. No. 14–14) (GN Doc. No. 12–268) (FCC 15–141)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3640. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; 2015 Man-agement Area 1A Seasonal Annual Catch Limit Harvested’’ (RIN0648–XE292) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 17, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–107. A petition by a citizen from the 
State of Texas urging the United States Con-gress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution which would clarify that a declaration of martial law, or a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, does not prevent presidential and congres-sional elections from proceeding as sched-uled and does not perpetuate a term-limited or a defeated presidential or congressional incumbent in office beyond the expiration of the term to which that incumbent was last elected; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Robert J. 
Becklund, to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Col. Frank D. Eman-
uel, to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Arlen R. 
Royalty, to be Major General. 
Navy nomination of Capt. Michelle C. 
Skubic, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s 
on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Donnette A. Boyd and ending with Paul D. Sutter, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 9, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Maria J. Belmonte and ending with Deveril A. Wint, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on September 9, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Alan D. Murdock, 
to be Colonel. 
Army nomination of David M. Jackson, to 
be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of Tarnjit S. Saini, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nominations beginning with Olga M. 
Anderson and ending with Eric W. Young, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on October 28, 2015. 
Army nominations beginning with Jimmy 
C. Davis, Jr. and ending with Robert E. Wichman, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on October 28, 2015. 
Army nomination of Spencer T. Price, to 
be Colonel. Navy nomination of Jessica L. Morera, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Kari J. Tereick, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with Joshua 
C. Andres and ending with Bethany R. Zmitrovich, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on October 28, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Calvin M. Foster, to 
be Captain. 
Navy nomination of Tara A. Feher, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
*Coast Guard nominations beginning with 
Peter J. Brown and ending with Joseph M. Vojvodich, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 14, 2015. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI for the Committee on 
Energy and Natural Resources. 
*Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to 
be Director of the United States Geological Survey. 
*Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illi-
nois, to be Under Secretary of Energy. 
*Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Di-
rector of the Office of Science, Department of Energy. 
*John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an As-
sistant Secretary of Energy (Nuclear En-ergy). 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
PORTMAN ): 
S. 2305. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for the issuance of exempt facility bonds for qualified carbon dioxide capture facilities; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ): 
S. 2306. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Army, acting through the Chief of Engi-neers, to undertake remediation oversight of the West Lake Landfill located in Bridgeton, Missouri; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
W
ICKER ): 
S. 2307. A bill to promote the strength-
ening of the private sector in Bosnia and Herzegovina; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 2308. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of church pension plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ): 
S. 2309. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the U.S. Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
G
RASSLEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.021 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8160 November 19, 2015 
RUBIO, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. J OHNSON ): 
S. 2310. A bill to allow a State to submit a 
declaration of intent to the Secretary of Education to combine certain funds to im-prove the academic achievement of students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. 
MARKEY ): 
S. 2311. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to States for screening and treatment for maternal depression; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. K ING, 
Mr. C RAPO , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. 
CAPITO ): 
S. 2312. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to make im-provements to payments for durable medical equipment under the Medicare and Medicaid programs; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ): 
S. 2313. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to facilitate program-re-lated investments by private foundations; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. 
U
DALL , Mr. R OBERTS , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. 
HEINRICH ): 
S. 2314. A bill to provide for the conversion 
of temporary judgeships to permanent judge-ships, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
M
ERKLEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. 
WARREN ): 
S. 2315. A bill to provide protection for con-
sumers who have prepaid cards and mobile accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 2316. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to expand the requirements for reissuance of veterans benefits in cases of misuse of benefits by certain fiduciaries to include misuse by all fiduciaries, and to im-prove oversight of fiduciaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 2317. A bill to amend title III of the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 to strengthen minority-serving institutions; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BARRASSO: 
S. 2318. A bill to reauthorize the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund for 10 years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. THUNE: 
S. 2319. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. FLAKE: 
S. 2320. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to create Universal Savings Accounts; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 2321. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 regarding reasonable break time for nursing mothers; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2322. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to provide that over- the-road bus drivers are covered under the maximum hours requirements; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B OOKER , and Ms. 
HIRONO ): 
S. 2323. A bill to clarify the definition of 
nonimmigrant for purposes of chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ): 
S. 2324. A bill to provide for transparency, 
accountability, and reform of the National Flood Insurance Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI ): 
S. 2325. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a con-stituent-driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-sup-port tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, 
State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 2326. A bill to designate the Nisqually 
National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to estab-lish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Me-morial within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 2327. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Act of 1986 to strengthen the earned in-come tax credit and expand eligibility for childless individuals and youth formerly in foster care; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): 
S. 2328. A bill to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; considered and passed. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2329. A bill to prevent the entry of ex-
tremists into the United States under the refugee program, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
By Mr. BOOKER: 
S. 2330. A bill to allow the Attorney Gen-
eral additional time to process background checks for alien firearm purchases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. G
RA-
HAM): 
S. 2331. A bill to amend the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to make in-valid and unenforceable predispute arbitra-tion agreements with respect to controver-sies arising under provisions of such Act and to preserve the rights of servicemembers to bring class actions under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
COONS ): 
S. Res. 319. A resolution designating No-
vember 29, 2015, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’ ; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. 
MCCONNELL , and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Res. 320. A resolution congratulating the 
people of Burma on their commitment to peaceful elections; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI: 
S. Res. 321. A resolution honoring the 70th 
anniversary of the founding of CARE; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. S HELBY , 
Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S COTT, Mr. W ICKER , 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C OATS , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. P AUL, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. E NZI, and 
Mr. C ORNYN ): 
S. Con. Res. 25. A concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that the President should submit the Paris climate change agreement to the Senate for its ad-vice and consent; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 108 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 108, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve access for students to Federal grants and loans to help pay for postsecondary, graduate, and professional educational opportu-nities, and for other purposes. 
S. 391 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E RNST ) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 391, a bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, or to refrain from such activities. 
S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Senator 
from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ) 
and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as cosponsors of S. 
551, a bill to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of firearms and explosives li-censes to known or suspected dan-gerous terrorists. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.024 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8161 November 19, 2015 
578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 667 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
667, a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are allowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for sys-tematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s 
disease, and other neurological dis-eases. 
S. 927 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 927, a bill to provide regulatory relief for certain financial institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 954 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
954, a bill to establish procedures re-garding the approval of opioid drugs by the Food and Drug Administration. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and sub-stance abuse systems. 
S. 1133 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1133, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 1392 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1392, a bill to require cer-tain practitioners authorized to pre-scribe controlled substances to com-plete continuing education. 
S. 1431 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1431, a bill to provide for increased Federal oversight of pre-scription opioid treatment and assist-ance to States in reducing opioid abuse, diversion, and deaths. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. KING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1455, a bill to provide access to medica-tion-assisted therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1513, a bill to reauthorize the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1719, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment and maintenance of a Na-tional Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1849 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1849, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare payment option for patients and eligible professionals to freely con-tract, without penalty, for Medicare fee-for-service items and services, while allowing Medicare beneficiaries to use their Medicare benefits. 
S. 1855 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1855, a bill to provide special foreign military sales status to the Phil-ippines. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from 
Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1893, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove programs related to mental health and substance use disorders. 
S. 1913 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1913, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to es-tablish programs to prevent prescrip-tion drug abuse under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1926 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from In-
diana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1926, a bill to ensure access to screening mammography services. 
S. 1944 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from 
Kentucky (Mr. M CCONNELL ), the Sen-ator from South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), 
the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J OHN-
SON), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. 
SESSIONS ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. 
HATCH ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
RISCH), the Senator from Oklahoma 
(Mr. I NHOFE ), the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ), the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) and the Sen-
ator from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1944, a bill to require each agency to repeal or amend 1 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule. 
S. 2021 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2021, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for em-ployment disclose criminal history record information before the appli-cant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2035 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2035, a bill to provide for the compensation of Federal employees af-fected by a lapse in appropriations. 
S. 2045 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2045, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer- sponsored health coverage. 
S. 2055 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OB-
ERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2055, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to national health security. 
S. 2097 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2097, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to pro-vide for payment for Medicaid services furnished by Ryan White part C grant-ees under a cost-based prospective pay-ment system. 
S. 2099 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2099, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a mechanism to allow bor-rowers of Federal student loans to refi-nance their loans, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided edu-cational assistance to employer pay-ment of interest on certain refinanced student loans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2145 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.026 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8162 November 19, 2015 
BROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2145, a bill to make supplemental ap-propriations for fiscal year 2016. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2152, a bill to establish a comprehensive United States Govern-ment policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to de-velop an appropriate mix of power solu-tions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty re-duction, promote development out-comes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ), the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ), the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ), the Senator from Washington 
(Ms. C ANTWELL ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2185, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare com-petitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and acces-sories. 
S. 2200 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2200, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
S. 2240 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2240, a bill to improve the con-trol and management of invasive spe-cies that threaten and harm Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary of Agriculture and the Sec-retary of the Interior, and for other purposes. 
S. 2284 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2284, a bill to suspend the admission and resettlement of aliens seeking ref-ugee status because of the conflict in Syria until adequate protocols are es-tablished to protect the national secu-rity of the United States and for other purposes. 
S. 2295 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Texas 
(Mr. C ORNYN ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B URR), the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ), the Senator 
from Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ), the Sen-
ator from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ) and the 
Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2295, a bill to extend the termination date for the au-thority to collect certain record and make permanent the authority for rov-ing surveillance and to treat individual terrorist as agents of foreign powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 and for other pur-poses. 
S. RES. 310 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 310, a resolution condemning the ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, Turkmen, and other religious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militants and urging the prosecution of the perpetrators and those complicit in these crimes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2818 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 2818 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2819 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2819 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2822 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2822 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2825 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Min-
nesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 2825 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2826 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B OOKER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2826 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2852 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2852 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appro-priations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself 
and Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. 2307. A bill to promote the 
strengthening of the private sector in Bosnia and Herzegovina; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, on No-
vember 21, the world will mark the 20th anniversary of the Dayton Agreement, which ended the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina that began in April 1992. 
Last July, the Senator from New 
Hampshire and I had the privilege and distinct honor of being part of a delega-tion of House and Senate Members to visit Srebrenica as part of the official U.S. delegation to remember the geno-cide in Srebrenica on its 20th anniver-sary. So a few months later in Novem-ber, we commemorate a happy occa-sion, a positive development in the his-tory of Europe and in international re-lations, the Dayton Accords. 
I commend a bipartisan duo for se-
curing approval within the United States. President Bill Clinton, a Demo-crat, and Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Re-publican, were both instrumental— along with a host of others—in per-suading on a nonpartisan basis Ameri-cans and American Congressmen to support this agreement, which involved a bit of risk for the United States. It involved troops of the United States going into this area and risking their safety in order to make this accord work. So I appreciate this, and on the 20th anniversary of that agreement and their leadership, I commend them. 
The Dayton Agreement was part of a 
response to a conflict that helped the international community transition from a world divided between East and West in order to meet post-Cold War challenges. 
I wish to mention three accomplish-
ments of the Dayton Accords and then Senator S
HAHEEN will speak for a few 
monuments about that aspect. Then we will talk about some legislation that she and I have had the honor and privi-lege of working on together as a result of this trip that she and I took, along with others, to commemorate this tragedy in Srebrenica. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.027 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8163 November 19, 2015 
Back to the Dayton Accords, among 
the accomplishments is a successful and robust peacekeeping force under NATO, which actually replaced the U.N. peacekeeping group with a NATO command group. It was deployed for the first time, and NATO also inter-vened out of area for the first time to make peace. 
Secondly, persons were held account-
able for war crimes on an international basis—crimes against humanity and genocide. This is the first time this had happened since World War II. 
Third, international cooperation on 
demining and a concerted search for missing persons became essential parts of post-conflict recovery. 
Dayton also put the OSCE on center 
stage—the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, of which I am a committee chair representing the United States of America. The Accord mandated that the OSCE oversee arms control efforts and develop confidence- building measures within Bosnia and regionally and make it possible for a country divided and almost destroyed by war to hold elections in a reason-ably Democratic manner. 
So let’s celebrate that accomplish-
ment, and I am sure the Senator from New Hampshire will have some more important insights to offer at this point. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am 
very pleased to be on the floor with my friend and colleague from Mississippi to talk about Bosnia-Herzegovina and about our trip to commemorate the horrible massacre in Srebrenica that occurred in 1995. As Senator W
ICKER  
has said, that was a very moving trip for us. 
One of the things that was very par-
ticular to New Hampshire that I found hopeful was listening to the very young mayor from Srebrenica, the current mayor, whose name is Camil Durakovic. He had actually spent a number of years in New Hampshire and had gone to Southern New Hampshire University. His family had fled after the massacre in Bosnia and came to New Hampshire. He went back in 2005 and was elected mayor. One of the things he talked about was the need to work with Serbia, to work across the ethnic and religious lines in Bosnia to achieve peace. It was, as Senator W
ICKER said, so heartening to think 
that we were actually able to get these Dayton Accords that ended that long conflict in Bosnia—very bitter and bloody—and see some real progress. 
One of the things we talked about on 
the flight back with President Clinton and former Secretary of State Mad-eleine Albright was what we could do to help Bosnia continue to progress and move forward, because one of their challenges is economic. This is a coun-try that has a very high level of edu-cation, and it has a lot of young people who need opportunities for the future. So we talked about whether there was a way that we in Congress could look 
at trying to provide some economic help for Bosnia in the future. 
We came back and looked at how we 
could work together to come up with an idea that might be successful. What we came up with—and it was another tremendous bipartisan effort—was to look at the enterprise funds that were done after the fall of the Soviet Union and some of the Eastern European countries. Enterprise funds were funds passed by Congress with bipartisan support that helped those fledgling pri-vate sector economies begin to recover after the fall of the Soviet Union. 
So we took that model—a U.S. enter-
prise fund—and focused on Bosnia- Herzegovina, and this is the legislation that we are going to be introducing. I don’t know how Senator W
ICKER feels 
about it, but I think this offers real op-portunity to Bosnia because we can le-verage a very small amount of public resources through the private sector, through other local funds that might be available in Bosnia, and see real progress on the economic front that will help create jobs that will help those young people stay in the country and build a strong country. 
So for my friend from Mississippi, I 
think this is a very good way to pro-vide some of the assistance they are going to need. Would the Senator agree? 
Mr. WICKER. I certainly agree with 
my colleague from New Hampshire, and I commend her for her leadership in getting this legislation drafted. 
It is an opportunity to provide a very 
meaningful chance for Bosnians and Herzegovinians to live the good life and remain in the area, but it is also in the absolute national security interests of the United States of America. We can’t tend to everything, but we saw 20 years ago—25 years ago and forward—with the war in the Balkans what could hap-pen and what almost happened to secu-rity in all of Europe. We know this has been a flash point down through the decades and even the centuries. To the extent that we can address some things that we didn’t get done at Dayton, this will help people in the region and the former Yugoslavia and also help the United States of America. 
The Dayton Agreement was a crown-
ing achievement, but it didn’t provide Bosnia with a constitutional frame-work and political structures that could effectively govern on into the 21st century. And the Senator from New Hampshire and I certainly saw that. We were meeting with the tri-partite head of the government after the ceremony we attended. 
Dan Serwer of Johns Hopkins Univer-
sity recently observed: 
We imposed the Dayton Accords, but we 
imposed what the ethic nationalist warring parties told us they could live with. It is therefore unsurprising that one way or an-other, ethnic nationalists have dominated Bosnia almost continuously, making it un-governable, since 1995. 
So we are hoping the Bosnians and 
Herzegovinians can address this issue, and while they are doing that, our leg-
islation would establish an enterprise fund directed by a board of American investment professionals capable of leveraging both public and private funding to provide entrepreneurs ac-cess to the same kinds of loans and in-vestment opportunities afforded to small- and medium-sized businesses here in the United States. 
By strengthening the private sector 
in Bosnia and Herzegovina, this legisla-tion would help create space to con-tinue moving forward on the political reforms I just alluded to. As the Sen-ator said, it would establish an enter-prise fund modeled after U.S. programs that supported central and eastern Eu-ropean economies after the fall of the Berlin Wall, with approximately $10 billion of public and private funding. 
I would also point out that this legis-
lation doesn’t score as an expense. I think we are being very frugal with the authorization we are providing to the Congress to build on this, if our legisla-tion passes. 
Per capita income in Bosnia and 
Herzegovina averages less than $5,000 annually. And that is a shame 20 years after the Dayton Accords. Compare this $5,000-a-year per capita to $13,000 a year right across the border in neigh-boring Croatia. The unemployment rate stands at 40 percent. 
Things are at a critical juncture in 
this country, and that is why I think our trip over there with former Presi-dent Clinton and with former Sec-retary Albright and Members from the House of Representatives came at such an important time and prompted us to work together on legislation to help make the situation better for individ-uals over there but also help make our national security stronger and more re-liable here in America. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, as my 
colleague from Mississippi points out, this really is critical not just to Bosnia and its future, but this is also about the national security of the United States. 
My colleague talked about the Bal-
kans. We know World War I began in the Balkans. We know it has continued to be a part of Europe where Russian aggression and Russian efforts to sub-vert the governments there continue, they continue their activity. It is a place where we have a number of dif-ferent ethnic groups and where dif-ferent religions converge. So it is a place we need to keep supporting—Bos-nia and Herzegovina. We need to look at how we can help them ensure their continued progress toward the West and Europe and also toward economic prosperity. 
I traveled there in 2010 with former 
Senator Voinovich from Ohio, who had done a lot of work on the Balkans when he was in the Senate. I will never for-get a lunch we had with a number of young people there, mostly college stu-dents or recent graduates. We talked to them about what they saw for the fu-ture of the country, and there was so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.047 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8164 November 19, 2015 
much hopelessness in that conversa-
tion because they didn’t see the kinds of opportunities we want young people to see as they are thinking about their futures and their children and what is going to happen in their country. So I think this is a partial answer to how we can help them provide that eco-nomic prosperity they are looking for-ward to. 
Finally, I think what has happened 
in Bosnia and Herzegovina with the Dayton Accords—for all of its flaws, it is a model we can look to as we are looking at the challenges we face in Syria. The Bosniaks, the Serbs, the Croatians, the Muslims, the Orthodox Christians, and the Roman Catholics all came together and they agreed to end the conflict in Bosnia. They agreed to try to build a successful democracy and a strong economy to create a suc-cessful multiethnic, multisectarian state under very difficult cir-cumstances. And while we need to con-tinue to look at how the Dayton Ac-cords should change, it is still a mile-stone in what happened with that con-flict and I think serves as a model for so many other regions in the world where there is conflict. 
Mr. WICKER. The Senator from New 
Hampshire makes two very salient points I do want to underscore. And it pains me that we have to be on the floor of the Senate this afternoon talk-ing about an aggressive Russia. Russia was trying to help 20 years ago in the Dayton Accords. They were trying to be part of getting things done. This is no longer the case. Russia and some of the few countries aligned with their in-terests now seem to be trying more to block effective responses to the inter-national problems. 
In addition, some of the aggression of 
Russia in Ukraine, for example, is ee-rily, troublingly reminiscent of some language in previous decades—talk of violating a neighbor’s sovereignty, ter-ritory, and claiming they are doing nothing more than defending a threat-ened local ethnic population. That is troubling and familiar rhetoric from a very dangerous past time. So I would underscore the Senator’s point there about Russia. 
Before I toss this back to her to 
close, I would simply say this about her comments about American leader-ship. No one could have made this work except the United States of America in the early 1990s and in the mid-1990s. There was one people on the face of the Earth, and that was the Americans. The world turned to us, and we stopped a conflagration in Europe that was about to get out of hand. 
With regard to Syria, I am so glad 
my friend mentioned this. The United States is being looked to internation-ally for leadership. No one else can pro-vide that leadership. Again, it is in-cumbent on us to help people who are suffering in other locations, and we want to do that if we can, to the extent we can afford it. But we need to act with leadership on behalf of the United States of America, on behalf of our own 
citizens, on behalf of our own national defense interests and the interest of every American to live in the absence of fear from terrorism and the attacks and ill wishes of those who would cause us injury, if they possibly could. 
I very much appreciate her point 
about American leadership, and I know this will not be done unless we do it across the aisle. It is why it means so much to me to take the floor this afternoon in this colloquy, with a Democratic Senator from New Hamp-shire and I, a Republican Senator from Mississippi, pushing in the same direc-tion and asking for American leader-ship. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I thank my col-
league. As you point out, we represent two very different parts of the country. 
Mr. WICKER. Although we both are 
Ole Miss graduates. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. We are. We share 
that. The fact is, this is a bipartisan issue. As my colleague points out, the United States brokered that historic agreement in Dayton. We were the only country that could really take that leadership, and we need to continue that role in the world. 
I look forward to working with Sen-
ator W
ICKER as we try to move this bi-
partisan bill to support Bosnia and Herzegovina and continuing to be vigi-lant on efforts to undermine demo-cratic values wherever they exist in the world, and certainly this is one place where we can provide help in a way that is very important. 
I thank my colleague. Mr. WICKER. And I thank the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. 
JOHNSON ): 
S. 2310. A bill to allow a State to sub-
mit a declaration of intent to the Sec-retary of Education to combine certain funds to improve the academic achieve-ment of students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as a 
fifth-generation Montanan and product of Montana public schools, I under-stand how important a first rate edu-cation is to our kids’ future. By in-creasing local control of our schools and lessening the influence Washington bureaucrats, we can provide States with the flexibility needed to meet the unique needs of our students and com-munities. That is why I am introducing the Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Success, or A-PLUS, Act. By shifting control back to the states, individual and effective solutions can be created to address the multitude of unique challenges facing schools across the country. Through these ‘‘laboratories of democracy,’’ Americans can watch and learn how students can benefit when innovative reforms are imple-mented on the local level. The A-PLUS Act would give states greater flexi-
bility in allocating federal education funding and ensuring academic achievement in their schools. With A- PLUS, States would be freed from un-workable teacher standards, Wash-ington-knows-best performance metrics, and onerous Federal testing requirements that have failed to bring about promised improvements in aca-demic achievement. States would be held accountable by parents and teach-ers because a bright light would shine directly on the decisions made by State capitals and local school districts. With freedom from Federal mandates comes more responsibility, trans-parency, and accountability on States. States would need to adhere to all civil rights laws and work towards advanc-ing educational opportunities for dis-advantaged children as well. This legis-lation would go a long ways towards returning the responsibility for our kids’ education closer to home and re-duces the influence of the Federal Gov-ernment over our classrooms. I want to thank Senators G
RASSLEY , CRUZ, LEE, 
RUBIO, L ANKFORD , and P ERDUE for 
being original cosponsors of this bill and I ask my other Senate colleagues to join us in support of this legislation. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B OOKER , 
and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 2323. A bill to clarify the definition 
of nonimmigrant for purposes of chap-ter 44 of title 18, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2323 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Visa Waiver 
Program Firearms Clarification Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. NONIMMIGRANT CLARIFICATION. 
Section 922 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(5)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
pursuant to the Visa Waiver Program estab-lished under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187)’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(2) in subsection (g)(5)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
pursuant to the Visa Waiver Program estab-lished under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187)’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(3) in subsection (y)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting 
‘‘
ORPURSUANT TO THE VISAWAIVER PRO-
GRAM ’’ after ‘‘V ISAS’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or pursuant to the Visa Waiver Program estab-lished under section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187)’’ after ‘‘visa’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or pursuant to the Visa Waiver Program established under section 217 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187)’’ after ‘‘visa’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.049 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8165 November 19, 2015 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 2326. A bill to designate the 
Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, lo-cated in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medi-cine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, last 
year the Pacific Northwest, and the Nation lost one of our greatest civil rights heroes with the passing of Billy Frank, Jr. It is clear a great leader has been lost when an entire community shows up to commemorate his life and celebrate his spirit. I attended Billy’s memorial, along with Senator M
URRAY  
and 6,000 others, and was honored to have the chance to pay tribute to the man who fought for the civil rights of Native Americans, the principles of en-vironmental stewardship, and the im-portance of salmon recovery and pres-ervation in the Pacific Northwest. 
Today, I am introducing the Billy 
Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act, which would change the name of the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge to the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually Na-tional Wildlife Refuge.’’ In addition, this legislation would create a national memorial to commemorate the signing of the Medicine Creek Treaty, the trea-ty that Billy Frank fought so hard to enforce, within the refuge. The wildlife refuge sits adjacent to the Nisqually Reservation where Billy grew up and lived, and contains the estuary and salmon that Billy devoted his life to protecting. 
Billy Frank, Jr. just wanted to fish. 
He was a fisherman to his core, and that’s how he wanted history to re-member him. Everyone who knew Billy would want us to remember him as the legend that walked and fished among us. Given his life, his legacy, and the way he changed Washington State and the Nation, it is only right that we honor his legacy by forever linking his name to the Nisqually National Wild-life Refuge. 
Along with his advocacy for pro-
tecting Tribal treaty rights, Billy Frank changed the way we look at the environment. Because of his advocacy, we now have environmental restora-tion efforts throughout the Puget Sound, including at the Nisqually River Delta, the largest tidal marsh re-habilitation in the Northwest. Addi-tionally, we have the Puget Sound Partnership, a Tribal and public-pri-vate partnership dedicated to improve the health of our Puget Sound. Billy understood that we have a sacred re-sponsibility to be stewards of our envi-ronment, and that we must leave it for future generations in better condition than it was left to us. 
The Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story 
Act has the support of the Nisqually Tribe and the neighboring Puyallup Tribe, along with the Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, the National Congress of American Indians, and the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commis-
sion. A companion bill introduced by Congressman Denny Heck has been ap-proved by the House Natural Resources 
Committee and is awaiting consider-ation by the House. I urge its passage in the Senate, especially given the re-cent decision by President Obama to posthumously award Billy the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom. 
Billy grew up listening to the stories 
of his father and others belonging to the Nisqually and other tribes. Rou-tinely harassed for fishing his tribe’s namesake Nisqually River with nets, Willie Frank, Sr. recalled a warden telling him, ‘‘Your treaty isn’t worth the paper it’s printed on.’’ Billy’s fa-ther always told him, ‘‘Just keep fish-ing. Even if they arrested you, just keep fishing. Even if they beat you just keep fishing. Keep fishing and claim what was promised in the in the Medi-cine Creek Treaty.’’ By changing the name of the Nisqually wildlife refuge, we will not only honor the fisherman that fought to protect the land and its people, but we will make this land bet-ter than it was left to us, just like Billy Frank, Jr. would have wanted. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. G RAHAM ): 
S. 2331. A bill to amend the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to make invalid and unenforceable predispute arbitration agreements with respect to controversies arising under provisions of such Act and to preserve the rights of servicemembers to bring class actions under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, our Nation 
has a strong tradition of ensuring that our service members are protected while they serve to keep us safe. As the challenges facing our service members change, we must work to ensure that our laws continue to keep pace. In this regard, I have worked with my col-leagues over the years to strengthen the protections for service members and their families under the Service-member Civil Relief Act, SCRA. 
Today, I am joined by Senator G
RA-
HAM in introducing on a bipartisan 
basis legislation to further enhance SCRA protections. The SCRA Rights Protection Act seeks to protect service members from being forced to accept mandatory arbitration clauses as part of everyday transactions, such as those relating to mortgage origination, auto-mobile leases, and student loans. Often service members sign contracts that include arbitration clauses buried in the fine print, and this eliminates their access to the courts, which can limit their ability to assert their rights and reach a fair resolution. In disputes in-volving SCRA rights, this bill would make arbitration clauses unenforce-able unless all parties consent to arbi-tration after the dispute arises, and would also ensure that service mem-bers retain their right to join with other service members to file a case to-gether as a class. I urge our colleagues to join us in 
supporting this improvement to the SCRA, which will better protect our military families while the men and women of our Armed Forces protect our nation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 319—DESIG-
NATING NOVEMBER 29, 2015, AS ‘‘DRIVE SAFER SUNDAY’’ 
Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
C
OONS ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 319 
Whereas motor vehicle travel is the pri-
mary means of transportation in the United States; 
Whereas every individual traveling on the 
roads and highways needs to drive in a safer manner to reduce deaths and injuries that result from motor vehicle accidents; 
Whereas according to the National High-
way Traffic Safety Administration, wearing a seat belt saves as many as 15,000 lives each year; and 
Whereas the Sunday after Thanksgiving is 
the busiest highway traffic day of the year: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) encourages— (A) high schools, colleges, universities, ad-
ministrators, teachers, primary schools, and secondary schools to launch campus-wide educational campaigns to urge students to focus on safety when driving; 
(B) national trucking firms to alert their 
drivers to be especially focused on driving safely on the Sunday after Thanksgiving, and to publicize the importance of the day through use of the Citizens Band Radio Serv-ice and at truck stops across the United States; 
(C) clergies to remind their congregations 
to travel safely when attending services and gatherings; 
(D) law enforcement personnel to remind 
drivers and passengers to drive safely, par-ticularly on the Sunday after Thanksgiving; 
(E) motorists to drive safely, not just dur-
ing the holiday season, but every time they get behind the wheel; and 
(F) all people of the United States to un-
derstand the life-saving importance of wear-ing a seat belt and to use the Sunday after Thanksgiving as an opportunity to educate themselves about highway safety; and 
(2) designates November 29, 2015, as ‘‘Drive 
Safer Sunday’’. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 320—CON-
GRATULATING THE PEOPLE OF BURMA ON THEIR COMMITMENT TO PEACEFUL ELECTIONS 
Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Mr. M CCON-
NELL , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 320 
Whereas Burma conducted general elec-
tions on November 8 2015, the country’s first national vote since a civilian government was introduced in 2011 that ended nearly 50 years of military rule; 
Whereas the people of Burma have, by 
their vigorous participation in electoral campaigning and public debate, strengthened 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.031 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8166 November 19, 2015 
the foundations of a free and democratic way 
of life; 
Whereas preliminary reports indicate that 
voter turnout exceeded 80 percent; 
Whereas international observers have re-
ported that election day was largely free and fair and conducted in an orderly and peaceful fashion despite broader structural concerns such as the disenfranchisement of the Rohingya; 
Whereas the ruling military-backed Union 
Solidarity Development Party suffered a dramatic loss at the polls, and the National League for Democracy won a sizable major-ity in both chambers of Burma’s Union Par-liament, the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, and will select Burma’s next President; 
Whereas Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Aung 
San Suu Kyi has symbolized the struggle for freedom and democracy in Burma and has actively supported democratic reform through her leadership of the National League for Democracy; 
Whereas the National League for Democ-
racy espouses a policy of nonviolent move-ment towards multi-party democracy in Burma, supports national reconciliation, and endorses strengthening democratic institu-tions, protecting human rights, imple-menting free market economic reforms, and reinforcing rule of law; 
Whereas President Thein Sein and Com-
mander-in-Chief Min Aug Hlaing made public commitments to respect the election results and vowed to abide by the law to ensure an orderly and prompt transition to a new gov-ernment; 
Whereas the continued democratic devel-
opment of Burma is a matter of fundamental importance to the advancement of United States interests in Southeast Asia and is supported by the United States Senate: 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the people of Burma for 
embracing democracy through their partici-pation in the November 8, 2015 general elec-tions and for their continuing efforts in de-veloping a free, democratic society that re-spects internationally-recognized human rights; 
(2) recognizes the National League for De-
mocracy’s victory as a reflection of the will of the Burmese people; 
(3) calls on the Union Solidarity Develop-
ment Party to undertake a peaceful transfer of power and abide by the law to ensure an orderly and prompt transition to a new gov-ernment; 
(4) encourages all parties to pursue na-
tional reconciliation talks and work to-gether in the spirit of national unity to seek what is best for the country; 
(5) recognizes that while the Government 
of Burma has made important progress to-wards democratization, there remain impor-tant impediments to the realization of full democratic and civilian government, includ-ing the reservation of unelected seats for the military and the disenfranchisement of groups of people including the Rohingya; 
(6) expresses hope that newly elected mem-
bers of parliament and a prompt and orderly transition to a new government will herald a new generation of responsible leadership in Burma; 
(7) calls on the Government of Burma to 
support meaningful efforts to reform the 2008 Constitution of Burma, with the full and un-fettered participation of the people of Burma and in a manner that promotes and protects democratic development of Burma and safe-guards against arbitrary interference by the military; 
(8) supports negotiations between the Gov-
ernment of Burma and ethnic-based peoples and organizations; (9) encourages the President of the United 
States to take further steps toward normal-ization of relations with Burma and consider the potential relaxation of restrictions should the Union Solidarity Development Party respect the election results and pro-ceed with a prompt and orderly transition in power; and 
(10) reaffirms that the people of the United 
States will continue to stand with the people of Burma in support of democracy, partner-ship, and peace. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 321—HON-
ORING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF CARE 
Ms. MIKULSKI submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 321 
Whereas CARE is 1 of the largest and most 
respected international development and emergency aid organizations in the world; 
Whereas CARE was officially founded on 
November 27, 1945, which is 70 years prior to the month of adoption of this resolution; 
Whereas the United States sent 100,000,000 
CARE packages to Europe during World War II, which— 
(1) delivered canned meats, powdered milk, 
dried fruits, chocolate, and coffee to brave soldiers of the United States; and 
(2) each cost only $10 but provided 10 sol-
diers each 1 meal; 
Whereas President Harry Truman pur-
chased the first CARE package; 
Whereas CARE was originally intended to 
be a temporary organization, but CARE— 
(1) continued as the need for global relief 
continued; and 
(2) grew into an international organization 
working in 87 countries; 
Whereas CARE— (1) has significantly broadened the scope of 
its relief work; 
(2) provides assistance in the wake of dev-
astating natural disasters; 
(3) combats hunger; and (4) comes to the assistance of refugees, in-
cluding refugees of the current refugee crisis in Syria; 
Whereas CARE also works— (1) to empower women and girls; (2) to reduce the incidence of child mar-
riage; 
(3) to prevent and respond to gender-based 
violence; and 
(4) to promote gender equality internation-
ally; and 
Whereas the words of President John F. 
Kennedy, that the work of CARE ‘‘expresses America’s concern and friendship in a lan-guage that all peoples understand’’ are still true today: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the 
70th anniversary of the founding of CARE, which serves as a symbol of hope and human-ity throughout the world. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 25—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE PRESIDENT SHOULD SUBMIT THE PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE AGREEMENT TO THE SENATE FOR ITS ADVICE AND CONSENT 
Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. S COTT, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. T ILLIS , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C ASSIDY , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. P AUL, Mrs. 
CAPITO , Mr. E NZI, and Mr. C ORNYN ) sub-
mitted the following concurrent resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 25 
Whereas the United States is party to the 
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, with annexes, done at New York May 9, 1992, and entered into force March 21, 1994 (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Convention’’); 
Whereas the Convention requires the 
United States to ‘‘adopt national policies and take corresponding measures on the mitigation of climate change, by limiting its anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases,’’ but does not require the United States to commit to specific targets or time-tables for emissions reductions; 
Whereas, during the Convention’s advice 
and consent process in the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate (in this reso-lution referred to as the ‘‘Foreign Relations Committee’’) a question arose whether fu-ture protocols made pursuant to the Conven-tion ‘‘containing targets and timetables’’ for emissions reductions should be submitted to the Senate for advice and consent; 
Whereas the Foreign Relations Committee 
submitted a written question, ‘‘Would a pro-tocol containing targets and timetables be submitted to the Senate?’’ to which the Ex-ecutive Branch responded, ‘‘If such a pro-tocol were negotiated and adopted, and the United States wished to become a party, we would expect such a protocol to be submitted to the Senate.’’; 
Whereas the Foreign Relations Committee, 
chaired by Senator Claiborne Pell, issued Ex-ecutive Report 102–55 regarding the Conven-tion in which it noted ‘‘that a decision by the Conference of the Parties to adopt tar-gets and timetables would have to be sub-mitted to the Senate for its advice and con-sent before the United States could deposit its instruments of ratification for such an agreement’’; 
Whereas Executive Report 102–55 further 
noted ‘‘that a decision by the executive branch to reinterpret the Convention to apply legally binding targets and timetables for reducing emissions of greenhouse gases to the United States would alter the ‘shared understanding’ of the Convention between the Senate and the executive branch and would therefore require the Senate’s advice and consent’’; 
Whereas, under the auspices given by the 
Executive Branch that future agreements made pursuant to the Convention containing targets and timetables for emissions reduc-tions would be submitted to the Senate, the Senate gave its consent to ratification of the Convention on October 7, 1992; 
Whereas, in December 2011, at the seven-
teenth session of the Conference of the Par-ties (COP–17) in Durban, South Africa, the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Durban Plat-form for Enhanced Action was established, inter alia, ‘‘to develop a protocol, another legal instrument or an agreed outcome with legal force’’ under the Convention to be com-pleted no later than 2015 and adopted at the twenty-first session of the Conference of the Parties (COP–21); 
Whereas, subsequent to COP–17, represent-
atives of President Barack Obama, including the Special Envoy for Climate Change, have made public statements indicating that the United States intends to finalize a climate change agreement at COP–21 that contains 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.034 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8167 November 19, 2015 
targets and timetables for emissions reduc-
tions; 
Whereas the Executive Branch has made 
clear through its public statements that it intends to negotiate a climate change agree-ment at COP–21 that contains legally bind-ing provisions as well as non-binding provi-sions—including targets and timetables for emissions reductions—attached as an adden-dum or schedule to the legally-binding agreement; 
Whereas the French Minister of Foreign 
Affairs, Laurent Fabius, who will host COP– 21, has stated, ‘‘We must find a formula which is valuable for everybody and valuable for the U.S. without going to the Congress.’’; 
Whereas the Department of State devel-
oped guidelines known as the Circular 175 Procedure (C–175) to facilitate ‘‘the applica-tion of orderly and uniform measures to the negotiation, conclusion, reporting, publica-tion, and registration of U.S. treaties and international agreements’’; 
Whereas C–175, inter alia, set forth eight 
factors for determining ‘‘whether any inter-national agreement should be brought into force as a treaty or as an international agreement other than a treaty’’; 
Whereas the Executive Branch must give 
‘‘due consideration’’ to the eight factors out-lined in C–175, and ‘‘the utmost care is to be exercised to avoid any invasion or com-promise of the constitutional powers of the President, the Senate, and the Congress as a whole’’; 
Whereas the eight factors are as follows: 
(1) the extent to which the agreement in-volves commitments or risks affecting the Nation as a whole; (2) whether the agreement is intended to affect State laws; (3) whether the agreement can be given effect without the enactment of subsequent legislation by the Congress; (4) past United States practice as to similar agreements; (5) the preference of the Congress as to a particular type of agreement; (6) the degree of formality de-sired for an agreement; (7) the proposed du-ration of the agreement, the need for prompt conclusion of an agreement, and the desir-
ability of concluding a routine or short-term agreement; and (8) the general international practice as to similar agreements; 
Whereas COP–21 will be held in Paris, 
France from November 30 to December 11, 2015; 
Whereas, at COP–21, the United States will 
be expected, inter alia, to commit billions of dollars in taxpayer money to fund the Green Climate Fund and other financial mecha-nisms to fund mitigation and adaptation projects in developing countries; 
Whereas the Paris climate change agree-
ment, either in the form contemplated by the President or in its current draft form re-leased on October 5, 2015, by the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Durban Platform, re-flects the characteristics of a treaty as set forth in C–175, and does not reflect the char-acteristics of an international agreement other than a treaty; and 
Whereas, pursuant to commitments made 
by the Executive Branch to the Senate dur-ing the advice and consent process for the Convention the Executive Branch stated that any protocol containing targets and timetables would be submitted to the Sen-ate: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That it is the sense 
of Congress that— 
(1) the statements made by the Executive 
Branch to the Senate during Senate consid-eration of the Convention and set forth in Executive Report 102–55 remain valid and in force and, accordingly, any agreement adopt-ed at COP–21 containing targets and time-tables, whether deemed ‘‘legally binding’’ or not, must be submitted to the Senate for ad-vice and consent pursuant to Article II, sec-
tion 2 of the Constitution; 
(2) any agreement or decision made at 
COP–21 that contains targets and time-tables—whether they are contained within a legally-binding instrument or attached as a non-binding schedule or addendum to a le-gally-binding instrument—shall be consid-ered by the Congress to be an agreement ‘‘containing targets and timetables’’; 
(3) a decision by the Executive Branch 
made at COP–21 or any other venue to apply targets and timetables for reducing emis-sions of greenhouse gases to the United States would alter the ‘‘shared under-standing’’ of the Convention between the Ex-ecutive Branch and the Senate and would therefore require the Senate’s advice and consent; 
(4) the Department of State developed the 
‘‘Circular 175 Procedure’’ to determine how international agreements would be nego-tiated, and the eight factors contained in the Procedure strongly support the conclusion that any agreement made under the Conven-tion that contains targets and timetables for reducing emissions of greenhouse gases must be submitted to the Senate for advice and consent; 
(5) until all commitments on emissions 
targets and timetables made at COP–21 are submitted to the Senate for advice and con-sent and subsequently ratified by the Execu-tive Branch, such commitments shall have no effect on the interpretation of United States law or the international obligations of the United States; and 
(6) Congress should refuse to consider any 
budget resolutions and appropriations lan-guage that include funding for the Green Cli-mate Fund or any affiliated body or financ-ing mechanism unless and until all agree-ments on emissions targets and timetables reached at COP–21 are submitted to the Sen-ate for advice and consent. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2855. Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
REED) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appro-
priations for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2856. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself 
and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2857. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  
(for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
SA 2858. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  
(for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2859. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
OT-
TON) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2860. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
R
EED) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2861. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  
(for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2862. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
REED) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2863. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  
(for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2864. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. 
K
AINE, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill 
H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2865. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. 
K
AINE, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill 
H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2866. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself 
and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2867. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself 
and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2868. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
REED) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2869. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. C ASEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill 
H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2870. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill 
H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2871. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2872. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  
(for herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2873. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mrs. E RNST ) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, to estab-lish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2855. Mr. ENZI (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for 
herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.036 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8168 November 19, 2015 
2577, making appropriations for the De-
partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on 
the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 416. INTERSTATE TRANSPORT OF KNIVES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Knife Owners’ Protection Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘transport’’— 
(1) includes staying in temporary lodging 
overnight, common carrier misrouting or delays, stops for food, fuel, vehicle mainte-nance, emergencies, medical treatment, and any other activity related to the journey of an individual; and 
(2) does not include transport of a knife 
with the intent to commit an offense punish-able by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year involving the use or threatened use of force against another person, or with knowl-edge, or reasonable cause to believe, that such an offense is to be committed in the course of, or arising from, the journey. 
(c) T
RANSPORT OF KNIVES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, rule, or regulation of the United States, or of a State or political subdivision of a State, an indi-vidual who is not otherwise prohibited by Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a knife may transport a knife from any State or place where the in-dividual may lawfully possess, carry, or transport the knife to any other State or place where the individual may lawfully pos-sess, carry, or transport the knife if— 
(1) in the case of transport by motor vehi-
cle— 
(A) the knife is not directly accessible 
from the passenger compartment of the motor vehicle; or 
(B) in the case of a motor vehicle without 
a compartment separate from the passenger compartment, the knife is contained in a closed— 
(i) container; (ii) glove compartment; or (iii) console; or (2) in the case of transport by means other 
than a motor vehicle, including any trans-port over land, on or through water, or through the air, the knife is contained in a closed container. 
(d) E
MERGENCY KNIVES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An individual— 
(A) may carry in the passenger compart-
ment of a motor vehicle a knife or tool de-signed for enabling escape in an emergency that incorporates a blunt tipped safety blade or a guarded blade or both for cutting safety belts; and 
(B) shall not be required to secure a knife 
or tool described in subparagraph (A) in a closed— 
(i) container; (ii) glove compartment; or (iii) console. (2) L
IMITATION .—This subsection shall not 
apply to the transport of a knife or tool in the passenger cabin of an aircraft whose pas-sengers are subject to airport screening pro-cedures of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration. 
(e) N
OARREST OR DETENTION .—An indi-
vidual who is transporting a knife in compli-ance with this section may not be arrested or otherwise detained for violation of any law, rule, or regulation of a State or polit-ical subdivision of a State related to the pos-session, transport, or carrying of a knife, un-less there is probable cause to believe that the individual is not in compliance with sub-section (c). (f) C
LAIM OR DEFENSE .—An individual may 
assert this section as a claim or defense in any civil or criminal action or proceeding. When an individual asserts this section as a claim or defense in a criminal proceeding, the State or political subdivision shall have the burden of proving, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the individual was not in compli-ance with subsection (c). 
(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit any right to possess, carry, or transport a knife under applicable State law. 
SA 2856. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 146, line 8, strike ‘‘and’’. 
On page 146, between lines 8 and 9, insert 
the following: 
(7) is not a youth who left foster care at 
age 14 or older and is at risk of becoming homeless; and 
On page 146, line 9, strike ‘‘(7)’’ and insert 
‘‘(8)’’. 
SA 2857. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 163, line 23, insert ‘‘and under the 
Section Eight Management Assessment Pro-gram (SEMAP), as applicable’’ after ‘‘(PHAS)’’. 
SA 2858. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for high-speed rail in the State of California or for the Cali-fornia High-Speed Rail Authority, nor may any such funds be used by the Federal Rail-road Administration to administer a grant agreement with the California High-Speed Rail Authority. 
SA 2859. Mr. LEE (for himself and 
Mr. C OTTON ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for 
herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
under this Act shall be used to carry out the rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)). 
SA 2860. Ms. COLLINS (for herself 
and Mr. R EED) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to terminate the Federal Aviation Administration’s Contract Weather Observation Services Program until after the completion of a comprehensive study, incorporating stakeholder input and public comment, of the safety risks and haz-ardous effects that may result from such loss of such program. 
SA 2861. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the general provisions of title 
I, add the following: 
SEC. lll . Any bridge eligible for assist-
ance under title 23, United States Code, that is structurally deficient and requires con-struction, reconstruction, or maintenance— 
(1) may be reconstructed in the same loca-
tion with the same capacity and dimensions as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) shall be exempt from any environ-
mental reviews, approvals, licensing, and permit requirements under— 
(A) the National Environmental Policy Act 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
(B) sections 402 and 404 of the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342, 1344); 
(C) division A of subtitle III of title 54, 
United States Code; 
(D) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 
U.S.C. 703 et seq.); 
(E) the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 
U.S.C. 1271 et seq.); 
(F) the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act 
(16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.); 
(G) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 
U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), except when the recon-struction occurs in designated critical habi-tat for threatened and endangered species; 
(H) Executive Order 11990 (42 U.S.C. 4321 
note; relating to the protection of wetland); and 
(I) any Federal law (including regulations) 
requiring no net loss of wetland. 
SA 2862. Mr. REED (for himself and 
Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for 
herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.041 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8169 November 19, 2015 
Housing and Urban Development, and 
related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . With respect to grants awarded 
using amounts in the appropriations account appropriated under the heading ‘‘
HOMELESS  
ASSISTANCE GRANTS ’’ under the heading 
‘‘COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ’’ 
made available for either of fiscal years 2015 or 2016 for the Continuum of Care Program, as authorized under subtitle C of title IV of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq.), costs paid 
through program income of a grant recipient may count toward meeting the matching re-quirements of the recipient, if the costs are eligible continuum of care costs that supple-ment the continuum of care program of the recipient. 
SA 2863. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. ll. From amounts made available by 
this Act, such sums as may be necessary may be used to carry out the following activities: 
(1) The Secretary of Transportation, in co-
ordination with the Federal Highway Admin-istration and the Federal Transit Adminis-tration, shall review policies and guidance to identify ways in which the Department of Transportation can encourage State depart-ments of transportation, transit agencies, and other direct recipients of Federal-Aid Highway and Federal Transit funding to en-courage and expand the use of innovative mobility technologies, including car sharing, bike sharing, carpool, vanpool, transpor-tation network companies, multimodal fare payment systems, application-based mobil-ity programs, and other innovative projects that can make the transportation system more safe and efficient. 
(2) The Secretary of Transportation, in co-
ordination with the Federal Highway Admin-istration and the Federal Transit Adminis-tration, shall— 
(A) review existing guidance and revise 
such guidance, as necessary, to encourage the use and expansion of innovative tech-nologies, as appropriate; and 
(B) develop specific guidance and circulars 
on how recipients of Federal-Aid Highway funding can and should be utilizing such technologies. 
(3) Not later than 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to Con-gress that includes— 
(A) a plan describing how the Department 
of Transportation will identify and provide technical assistance to recipients of Federal- Aid Highway funding on integrating and uti-lizing innovative mobility technologies; 
(B) a plan for addressing current and po-
tential guidance documents; 
(C) the identification of legislative barriers 
that prevent expansion and utilization of in-novative mobility technologies, including mobility services provided by private pro-viders of public transportation; and 
(D) recommendations on policies that the 
Department of Transportation should imple-ment and legislation that Congress should 
enact to expand innovative mobility tech-nologies. 
(4) To assist with the development of the 
report under paragraph (3), the Secretary of Transportation shall create a task force composed of representatives of— 
(A) national stakeholders representing— (i) city officials; (ii) State departments of transportation; (iii) transit agencies; (iv) transportation demand management 
professionals; 
(v) rural transportation agencies; (vi) shared use mobility providers; (vii) intelligent transportation system pro-
fessionals; and 
(viii) additional private sector technology 
professionals, as appropriate; 
(B) university transportation centers en-
gaged in research regarding urban mobility and shared use mobility; 
(C) private companies that provide, pro-
mote, and operate digital mobility tech-nologies and information technologies; and 
(D) other entities that the Secretary deter-
mines could contribute to the development of the report. 
SA 2864. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, 
Mr. K AINE, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for 
herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 416. Section 8(x)(2) of the United 
States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(x)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘not more than 21 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 24 years of age’’. 
SA 2865. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, 
Mr. K AINE, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for 
herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 169, line 13, insert ‘‘(a)’’ before 
‘‘Section’’. 
On page 169, between lines 15 and 16, insert 
the following: 
(b) Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue final regulations to implement the amend-ment made by subsection (a). 
SA 2866. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: After section 119C, insert the following: 
SEC. 119D. It is the sense of Congress that 
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration and the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration continue evaluating the oper-ational benefits of technologies, including an all-digital cylindrical technology and a panel technology as part of the multi-function phased array radar program. Further, NOAA and the FAA should jointly formulate key requirements for development and eventual acquisition strategy of such a radar system to meet the needs of the respective agencies. 
SA 2867. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) In this section, the term 
‘‘covered agency’’ means— 
(1) the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development; 
(2) the Department of Transportation; (3) the Federal Maritime Commission; (4) the National Railroad Passenger Cor-
poration; 
(5) the National Transportation Safety 
Board; 
(6) the Neighborhood Reinvestment Cor-
poration; and 
(7) the United States Interagency Council 
on Homelessness. 
(b) Not later than September 30, 2016, the 
head of each covered agency shall submit to Congress and post on the website of the cov-ered agency a report on projects funded by the covered agency. 
(c) Each report submitted and posted under 
subsection (b) shall include, for each project included in the report— 
(1) a brief description of the project, in-
cluding— 
(A) the purpose of the project; (B) each location in which the project is 
carried out; 
(C) the year in which the project was initi-
ated; and 
(D) each primary contractor and grant re-
cipient for the project; 
(2) the original expected date for comple-
tion of the project; 
(3) the current expected date for comple-
tion of the project; 
(4) the original cost estimate for the 
project; 
(5) the current cost estimate for the 
project; and 
(6) if known, an explanation for a delay in 
completion or increase in the original cost estimate for the project. 
SA 2868. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-
self and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 416. None of the funds made available 
under this Act may be used by the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.042 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8170 November 19, 2015 
implement changes to the Indian Housing 
Block Grant allocation formula until all changes to data sources are fully evaluated by the Negotiated Rulemaking Committee established under section 106(b) of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-De-termination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4116(b)) at a publicly noticed, in-person session as part of the official, regular meeting process of the Committee. 
SA 2869. Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. M URPHY , and 
Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for 
herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 54, line 11, strike ‘‘$1,101,500,000’’ 
and insert ‘‘$1,711,500,000’’. 
SA 2870. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Mr. T HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for 
herself and Mr. R EED) to the bill H.R. 
2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 105. 
SA 2871. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. None of the amounts appro-
priated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used to provide or admin-ister assistance to aliens admitted, on or after November 13, 2015, as refugees or asylees under section 1157 or 1158 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157 and 1158) who were nationals of any of the following countries or territories: 
(1) Afghanistan. (2) Algeria. (3) Bahrain. (4) Bangladesh. (5) Egypt. (6) Eritrea. (7) Indonesia. (8) Iran. (9) Iraq. (10) Jordan. (11) Kazakhstan. (12) Kuwait. (13) Kyrgyzstan. (14) Lebanon. (15) Libya. (16) Mali. (17) Morocco. (18) Nigeria. (19) North Korea. (20) Oman. (21) Pakistan. 
(22) Qatar. (23) Russia. (24) Saudi Arabia. (25) Somalia. (26) Sudan. (27) Syria. (28) Tajikistan. (29) Tunisia. (30) Turkey. (31) United Arab Emirates. (32) Uzbekistan. (33) Yemen. (34) Palestinian Territories. 
SA 2872. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2812 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself and Mr. R EED) to 
the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. lll . It is the sense of the Senate 
that bridges classified as structurally defi-cient or functionally obsolete should receive priority funding under the national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code. 
SA 2873. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mrs. 
ERNST ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
On page 11, line 22, strike ‘‘in accordance’’ 
and insert ‘‘consistent’’. 
On page 12, lines 18 and 19, strike ‘‘the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ and insert ‘‘chapter 87 of title 10’’. 
On page 15, lines 16 and 17, strike ‘‘the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ and insert ‘‘chapter 87 of title 10’’. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO 
PROCEEDING 
I, Senator C HARLES E. G RASSLEY , in-
tend to object to proceeding to the nomination of Thomas A. Shannon, Jr. to be Undersecretary of State (Polit-ical Affairs), dated November 19, 2015. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 19, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 19, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 19, 2015, at 2 p.m. to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘ISIS’s Impacts on the Homeland and Refugee Resettle-ment.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on November 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATIONS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Perma-nent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Human Trafficking Investigation.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 19, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on November 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Democratic Transitions in Southeast Asia.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appoints the following in-dividual to the Congressional Award Board: Karlos R. LaSane II of Nevada. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.044 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8171 November 19, 2015 
consideration of Calendar Nos. 379 
through 382 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Coast Guard; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order, that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
COAST GUARD  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment to serve as Director of the Coast Guard Reserve pursuant to Title 14, U.S.C., section 53(b) in the grade indicated: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. Kurt B. Hinrichs 
AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a 
Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. 
COAST GUARD  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Coast Guard Re-serve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203(a): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Andrew S. McKinley 
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 271(e): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Captain Matthew T. Bell 
Captain Melissa Bert Captain David M. Dermanelian Captain Robert P. Hayes Captain Andrew J. Tiongson Captain Anthony J. Vogt 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
COAST GUARD  
PN919 COAST GUARD nominations (56) be-
ginning Ladonn A. Allen, and ending Jeffrey V. Yarosh, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of October 28, 2015. 
PN920 COAST GUARD nominations (13) be-
ginning Sharif A. Abdrabbo, and ending Wil-bur A. Velarde, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 28, 2015. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nominations en bloc: Cal-endar Nos. 136, 194, 195, 321, 322, 323, 324, 338, 344, 376, and 377; that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with-out intervening action or debate; that following disposition of the nomina-tions, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nominations of Shelly Colleen Lowe, of Arizona, to be a Mem-ber of the National Council on the Hu-manities for a term expiring January 26, 2018; Steven M. Wellner, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the Dis-trict of Columbia for the term of fif-teen years; William Ward Nooter, of the District of Columbia, to be an As-sociate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years; Juan Carlos Iturregui, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-Amer-ican Foundation for a term expiring June 26, 2020; Luis A. Viada, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foun-dation for a term expiring September 20, 2018; Diane Helen Rodriguez, of Cali-fornia, to be a Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2018; Francine Berman, of New York, to be a Member of the Na-tional Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020; Patri-cia Nelson Limerick, of Colorado, to be a Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2018; Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for International Development; Victoria A. Lipnic, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2020; and Mi-chael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Vet-erans’ Employment and Training? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IM-
PROVEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 288, S. 1550. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1550) to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project man-agement in certain Federal agencies, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
S. 1550 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Program Man-
agement Improvement Accountability Act’’. SEC. 2. DEPUTY DIRECTOR FOR MANAGEMENT. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS .—Section 503 of 
title 31, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Subject to the direction 
and approval of the Director, the Deputy Direc-tor for Management or a designee shall— 
‘‘(A) adopt governmentwide standards, poli-
cies, and guidelines for program and project management for executive agencies; 
‘‘(B) oversee implementation of program and 
project management for the standards, policies, and guidelines established under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) chair the Program Management Policy 
Council established under section 1126(b); 
‘‘(D) establish standards and policies for exec-
utive agencies, in accordance with widely ac-cepted standards for program and project man-agement planning and delivery; 
‘‘(E) engage with the private sector to identify 
best practices in program and project manage-ment that would improve Federal program and project management; 
‘‘(F) conduct portfolio reviews to address pro-
grams identified as high risk by the Government Accountability Office; 
‘‘(G) not less than annually, conduct portfolio 
reviews of agency programs in coordination with Project Management Improvement Officers designated under section 1126(a)(1) to assess the quality and effectiveness of program manage-ment; and 
‘‘(H) establish a 5-year strategic plan for pro-
gram and project management. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the 
Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of that paragraph are substantially similar to or duplicative of the provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR STANDARDS , POLICIES , AND 
GUIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Deputy Direc-tor for Management of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall issue the standards, poli-cies, and guidelines required under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
(c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the standards, policies, and guidelines are issued under subsection (b), the Deputy Director for Management of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Program Management Policy Council established under section 1126(b) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 3(a), and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue any regulations as are necessary to implement the requirements of sec-tion 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 3. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT 
OFFICERS AND PROGRAM MANAGE-MENT POLICY COUNCIL. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 11 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 1126. Program Management Improvement 
Officers and Program Management Policy Council 
‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  
OFFICERS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—The head of each agency 
described in section 901(b) shall designate a sen-ior executive of the agency as the Program Man-agement Improvement Officer of the agency. 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Program Management 
Improvement Officer of an agency designated under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) implement program management policies 
established by the agency under section 503(c); and 
‘‘(B) develop a strategy for enhancing the role 
of program managers within the agency that in-cludes the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.075 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8172 November 19, 2015 
‘‘(i) Enhanced training and educational op-
portunities for program managers that shall in-clude— 
‘‘(I) training in the relevant competencies en-
compassed with program and project manager within the private sector for program managers; and 
‘‘(II) training that emphasizes cost contain-
ment for large projects and programs. 
‘‘(ii) Mentoring of current and future program 
managers by experienced senior executives and program managers within the agency. 
‘‘(iii) Improved career paths and career oppor-
tunities for program managers. 
‘‘(iv) A plan to encourage the recruitment and 
retention of highly qualified individuals to serve as program managers. 
‘‘(v) Improved means of collecting and dis-
seminating best practices and lessons learned to enhance program management across the agen-cy. 
‘‘(vi) Common templates and tools to support 
improved data gathering and analysis for pro-gram management and oversight purposes. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—This subsection shall not apply to the 
Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of this subsection are substantially similar to or duplicative of the provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY COUN-
CIL.— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in 
the Office of Management and Budget a council to be known as the ‘Program Management Pol-icy Council’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Council’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council 
shall act as the principal interagency forum for improving agency practices related to program and project management. The Council shall— 
‘‘(A) advise and assist the Deputy Director for 
Management of the Office of Management and Budget; 
‘‘(B) review programs identified as high risk 
by the General Accountability Office and make recommendations for actions to be taken by the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget or a designee; 
‘‘(C) discuss topics of importance to the work-
force, including— 
‘‘(i) career development and workforce devel-
opment needs; 
‘‘(ii) policy to support continuous improve-
ment in program and project management; and 
‘‘(iii) major challenges across agencies in man-
aging programs; 
‘‘(D) advise on the development and applica-
bility of standards governmentwide for program management transparency; and 
‘‘(E) review the information published on the 
website of the Office of Management and Budg-et pursuant to section 1122. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be 
composed of the following members: 
‘‘(i) Five members from the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget as follows: 
‘‘(I) The Deputy Director for Management. ‘‘(II) The Administrator of the Office of Elec-
tronic Government. 
‘‘(III) The Administrator of Federal Procure-
ment Policy. 
‘‘(IV) The Controller of the Office of Federal 
Financial Management. 
‘‘(V) The Director of the Office of Perform-
ance and Personnel Management. 
‘‘(ii) The Program Management Improvement 
Officer from each agency described in section 901(b). 
‘‘(iii) Other individuals as determined appro-
priate by the Chairperson. 
‘‘(B) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Deputy Director for 
Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall be the Chairperson of the Council. A Vice Chairperson shall be elected by the mem-bers and shall serve a term of not more than 1 
year. 
‘‘(ii) D
UTIES .—The Chairperson shall preside 
at the meetings of the Council, determine the agenda of the Council, direct the work of the Council, and establish and direct subgroups of the Council as appropriate. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The Council shall meet not 
less than twice per fiscal year and may meet at the call of the Chairperson or a majority of the members of the Council. 
‘‘(5) S
UPPORT .—The head of each agency with 
a Project Management Improvement Officer serving on the Council shall provide administra-tive support to the Council, as appropriate, at the request of the Chairperson. 
‘‘(6) C
OMMITTEE DURATION .—Section 14(a)(2) 
of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Council.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with each Program Management Improvement Officer designated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit to Congress a report containing the strategy developed under section 1126(a)(2)(B) of such title, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT 
PERSONNEL STANDARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘agency’’ means each agency described in sec-tion 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than 
180 days after the date on which the standards, policies, and guidelines are issued under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(a), the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue regulations that— 
(1) identify key skills and competencies needed 
for a program and project manager in an agen-cy; 
(2) establish a new job series, or update and 
improve an existing job series, for program and project management within an agency; and 
(3) establish a new career path for program 
and project managers within an agency. 
SEC. 5. GAO REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF 
POLICIES ON PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall issue, in conjunction with the High Risk list of the Government Accountability Of-fice, a report examining the effectiveness of the following on improving Federal program and project management: 
(1) The standards, policies, and guidelines for 
program and project management issued under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(a). 
(2) The 5-year strategic plan established under 
section 503(c)(1)(H) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(a). 
(3) Program Management Improvement Offi-
cers designated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 3(a). 
(4) The Program Management Policy Council 
established under section 1126(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 3(a). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Ernst amendment be agreed to, the com-mittee-reported substitute, as amend-ed, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2873) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) 
On page 11, line 22, strike ‘‘in accordance’’ 
and insert ‘‘consistent’’. On page 12, lines 18 and 19, strike ‘‘the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ and insert ‘‘chapter 87 of title 10’’. 
On page 15, lines 16 and 17, strike ‘‘the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ and insert ‘‘chapter 87 of title 10’’. 
The committee amendment in the 
nature of a substitute, as amended, was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 1550), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1550 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Program 
Management Improvement Accountability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPUTY DIRECTOR FOR MANAGEMENT. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS .—Section 503 of 
title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Subject to the direc-
tion and approval of the Director, the Dep-uty Director for Management or a designee shall— 
‘‘(A) adopt governmentwide standards, 
policies, and guidelines for program and project management for executive agencies; 
‘‘(B) oversee implementation of program 
and project management for the standards, policies, and guidelines established under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) chair the Program Management Pol-
icy Council established under section 1126(b); 
‘‘(D) establish standards and policies for 
executive agencies, consistent with widely accepted standards for program and project management planning and delivery; 
‘‘(E) engage with the private sector to 
identify best practices in program and project management that would improve Federal program and project management; 
‘‘(F) conduct portfolio reviews to address 
programs identified as high risk by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office; 
‘‘(G) not less than annually, conduct port-
folio reviews of agency programs in coordi-nation with Project Management Improve-ment Officers designated under section 1126(a)(1) to assess the quality and effective-ness of program management; and 
‘‘(H) establish a 5-year strategic plan for 
program and project management. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the 
Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of that paragraph are substan-tially similar to or duplicative of the provi-sions of chapter 87 of title 10.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR STANDARDS , POLICIES , 
ANDGUIDELINES .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Dep-uty Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue the standards, policies, and guidelines required under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
(c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the standards, poli-cies, and guidelines are issued under sub-section (b), the Deputy Director for Manage-ment of the Office of Management and Budg-et, in consultation with the Program Man-agement Policy Council established under section 1126(b) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 3(a), and the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue any regulations as are necessary to implement the requirements of section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.059 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8173 November 19, 2015 
SEC. 3. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT 
OFFICERS AND PROGRAM MANAGE-MENT POLICY COUNCIL. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 11 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 1126. Program Management Improvement 
Officers and Program Management Policy Council 
‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT IMPROVEMENT  
OFFICERS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—The head of each agen-
cy described in section 901(b) shall designate a senior executive of the agency as the Pro-gram Management Improvement Officer of the agency. 
‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Program Manage-
ment Improvement Officer of an agency des-ignated under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) implement program management 
policies established by the agency under sec-tion 503(c); and 
‘‘(B) develop a strategy for enhancing the 
role of program managers within the agency that includes the following: 
‘‘(i) Enhanced training and educational op-
portunities for program managers that shall include— 
‘‘(I) training in the relevant competencies 
encompassed with program and project man-ager within the private sector for program managers; and 
‘‘(II) training that emphasizes cost con-
tainment for large projects and programs. 
‘‘(ii) Mentoring of current and future pro-
gram managers by experienced senior execu-tives and program managers within the agency. 
‘‘(iii) Improved career paths and career op-
portunities for program managers. 
‘‘(iv) A plan to encourage the recruitment 
and retention of highly qualified individuals to serve as program managers. 
‘‘(v) Improved means of collecting and dis-
seminating best practices and lessons learned to enhance program management across the agency. 
‘‘(vi) Common templates and tools to sup-
port improved data gathering and analysis for program management and oversight pur-poses. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DE -
FENSE .—This subsection shall not apply to 
the Department of Defense to the extent that the provisions of this subsection are substantially similar to or duplicative of the provisions of chapter 87 of title 10. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY COUN-
CIL.— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
in the Office of Management and Budget a council to be known as the ‘Program Man-agement Policy Council’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Council’). 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council 
shall act as the principal interagency forum for improving agency practices related to program and project management. The Coun-cil shall— 
‘‘(A) advise and assist the Deputy Director 
for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; 
‘‘(B) review programs identified as high 
risk by the General Accountability Office and make recommendations for actions to be taken by the Deputy Director for Manage-ment of the Office of Management and Budg-et or a designee; 
‘‘(C) discuss topics of importance to the 
workforce, including— 
‘‘(i) career development and workforce de-
velopment needs; 
‘‘(ii) policy to support continuous improve-
ment in program and project management; and 
‘‘(iii) major challenges across agencies in 
managing programs; ‘‘(D) advise on the development and appli-
cability of standards governmentwide for program management transparency; and 
‘‘(E) review the information published on 
the website of the Office of Management and Budget pursuant to section 1122. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) C OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be 
composed of the following members: 
‘‘(i) Five members from the Office of Man-
agement and Budget as follows: 
‘‘(I) The Deputy Director for Management. ‘‘(II) The Administrator of the Office of 
Electronic Government. 
‘‘(III) The Administrator of Federal Pro-
curement Policy. 
‘‘(IV) The Controller of the Office of Fed-
eral Financial Management. 
‘‘(V) The Director of the Office of Perform-
ance and Personnel Management. 
‘‘(ii) The Program Management Improve-
ment Officer from each agency described in section 901(b). 
‘‘(iii) Other individuals as determined ap-
propriate by the Chairperson. 
‘‘(B) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Deputy Director for 
Management of the Office of Management and Budget shall be the Chairperson of the Council. A Vice Chairperson shall be elected by the members and shall serve a term of not more than 1 year. 
‘‘(ii) D
UTIES .—The Chairperson shall pre-
side at the meetings of the Council, deter-mine the agenda of the Council, direct the work of the Council, and establish and direct subgroups of the Council as appropriate. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .—The Council shall meet 
not less than twice per fiscal year and may meet at the call of the Chairperson or a ma-jority of the members of the Council. 
‘‘(5) S
UPPORT .—The head of each agency 
with a Project Management Improvement Officer serving on the Council shall provide administrative support to the Council, as ap-propriate, at the request of the Chairperson. 
‘‘(6) C
OMMITTEE DURATION .—Section 14(a)(2) 
of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Council.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with each Pro-gram Management Improvement Officer des-ignated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, shall submit to Congress a report containing the strategy developed under section 1126(a)(2)(B) of such title, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT 
PERSONNEL STANDARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘agency’’ means each agency described in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date on which the standards, policies, and guidelines are issued under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(a), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall issue regu-lations that— 
(1) identify key skills and competencies 
needed for a program and project manager in an agency; 
(2) establish a new job series, or update and 
improve an existing job series, for program and project management within an agency; and 
(3) establish a new career path for program 
and project managers within an agency. 
SEC. 5. GAO REPORT ON EFFECTIVENESS OF 
POLICIES ON PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Government Ac-countability Office shall issue, in conjunc-tion with the High Risk list of the Govern-
ment Accountability Office, a report exam-ining the effectiveness of the following on improving Federal program and project man-agement: 
(1) The standards, policies, and guidelines 
for program and project management issued under section 503(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(a). 
(2) The 5-year strategic plan established 
under section 503(c)(1)(H) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(a). 
(3) Program Management Improvement Of-
ficers designated under section 1126(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 3(a). 
(4) The Program Management Policy Coun-
cil established under section 1126(b)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 3(a). 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE 
PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 2328, introduced earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2328) to reauthorize and amend 
the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 2328) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2328 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Sea Grant College Program Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO THE NATIONAL SEA 
GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1121 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF DEAN JOHN A. KNAUSS 
MARINE POLICY FELLOWSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(b) (33 U.S.C. 
1127(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
(b) P
LACEMENTS IN CONGRESS .—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The 
Secretary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (1), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘A fellowship’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) P
LACEMENT PRIORITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In each year in which 
the Secretary awards a legislative fellowship under this subsection, when considering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.058 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8174 November 19, 2015 
placement of fellows, the Secretary shall 
prioritize placement of fellows in the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Positions in offices of, or with mem-
bers on, committees of Congress that have jurisdiction over the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
‘‘(ii) Positions in offices of members of 
Congress that have a demonstrated interest in ocean, coastal, or Great Lakes resources. 
‘‘(B) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—In placing 
fellows in offices described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure, to the max-imum degree practicable, that placements are equitably distributed among the political parties. 
‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A fellowship’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (b) shall apply with re-spect to the first calendar year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS CONCERNING FED-
ERAL HIRING OF FORMER FELLOWS .—It is the 
sense of Congress that in recognition of the competitive nature of the fellowship under section 208(b) of the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), and of the exceptional qualifications of fellowship awardees, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, should encour-age participating Federal agencies to con-sider opportunities for fellowship awardees at the conclusion of their fellowship for workforce positions appropriate for their education and experience. 
SEC. 4. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF COMMERCE TO ACCEPT DONATIONS FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 204(c)(4)(E) (33 
U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(E) accept donations of money and, not-
withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, of voluntary and uncompen-sated services;’’. 
(b) P
RIORITIES .—The Secretary of Com-
merce, acting through the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall establish priorities for the use of dona-tions accepted under section 204(c)(4)(E) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)), and shall consider among those priorities the possibility of ex-panding the Dean John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship’s placement of additional fellows in relevant legislative offices under section 208(b) of that Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), in accordance with the recommendations under subsection (c) of this section. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Sea Grant College Program, in consultation with the National Sea Grant Advisory Board and the Sea Grant Association, shall— 
(1) develop recommendations for the opti-
mal use of any donations accepted under sec-tion 204(c)(4)(E) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)); and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on the rec-
ommendations developed under paragraph (1). 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to limit or otherwise af-fect any other amounts available for marine policy fellowships under section 208(b) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), including amounts— 
(1) accepted under section 204(c)(4)(F) of 
that Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(F)); or 
(2) appropriated under section 212 of that 
Act (33 U.S.C. 1131). SEC. 5. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR REPORT 
ON COORDINATION OF OCEANS AND COASTAL RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
Section 9 of the National Sea Grant Col-
lege Program Act Amendments of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 857–20) is repealed. 
SEC. 6. REDUCTION IN FREQUENCY REQUIRED 
FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT ADVI-SORY BOARD REPORT. 
Section 209(b)(2) (33 U.S.C. 1128(b)(2)) is 
amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘B IENNIAL ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘P ERIODIC ’’; and 
(2) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The 
Board shall report to the Congress every two years’’ and inserting ‘‘Not less frequently than once every 3 years, the Board shall sub-mit to Congress a report’’. 
SEC. 7. MODIFICATION OF ELEMENTS OF NA-
TIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 204(b) (33 U.S.C. 1123(b)) is amend-
ed, in the matter before paragraph (1), by in-serting ‘‘for research, education, extension, training, technology transfer, and public 
service’’ after ‘‘financial assistance’’. 
SEC. 8. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY; DEAN JOHN A. 
KNAUSS MARINE POLICY FELLOW-SHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016 
and thereafter, the head of any Federal agen-cy may appoint, without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of that title, a qualified candidate described in subsection (b) directly to a posi-tion with the Federal agency for which the candidate meets Office of Personnel Manage-ment qualification standards. 
(b) D
EAN JOHN A. K NAUSS MARINE POLICY  
FELLOWSHIP .—Subsection (a) applies with re-
spect to a former recipient of a Dean John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship under sec-tion 208(b) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)) who— 
(1) earned a graduate or post-graduate de-
gree in a field related to ocean, coastal and Great Lakes resources or policy from an ac-credited institution of higher education; and 
(2) successfully fulfilled the requirements 
of the fellowship within the executive or leg-islative branch of the United States Govern-ment. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The direct hire authority 
under this section shall be exercised with re-spect to a specific qualified candidate not later than 2 years after the date that the candidate completed the fellowship. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT COL-LEGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 212(a) (33 U.S.C. 
1131(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘;’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) $72,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(H) $75,600,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(I) $79,380,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(J) $83,350,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(K) $87,520,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(L) $91,900,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(M) $96,500,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; (2) in the heading for paragraph (2), by in-
serting ‘‘
FOR FISCAL YEARS 2009 THROUGH 2014 ’’ 
after ‘‘P RIORITY ACTIVITIES ’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY ACTIVITIES FOR FISCAL YEARS  
2015 THROUGH 2020 .—In addition to the 
amounts authorized under paragraph (1), there is authorized to be appropriated $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2020 for competitive grants for the following: 
‘‘(A) University research on the biology, 
prevention, and control of aquatic nonnative species. ‘‘(B) University research on oyster dis-
eases, oyster restoration, and oyster-related human health risks. 
‘‘(C) University research on the biology, 
prevention, and forecasting of harmful algal blooms. 
‘‘(D) University research, education, train-
ing, and extension services and activities fo-cused on coastal resilience and U.S. working waterfronts and other regional or national priority issues identified in the strategic plan under section 204(c)(1). 
‘‘(E) University research on sustainable 
aquaculture techniques and technologies. 
‘‘(F) Fishery extension activities con-
ducted by sea grant colleges or sea grant in-stitutes to enhance, and not supplant, exist-ing core program funding.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON  
AMOUNTS FOR ADMINISTRATION .—Paragraph 
(1) of section 212(b) (33 U.S.C. 1131(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—There may not be used 
for administration of programs under this title in a fiscal year more than 5.5 percent of the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) the amount authorized to be appro-
priated under this title for the fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) the amount appropriated under this 
title for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) C
RITICAL STAFFING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall use 
the authority under subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, to meet any critical staffing requirement while carrying out the activities authorized in this title. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION FROM CAP .—For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), any costs incurred as a re-sult of an exercise of authority as described in clause (i) shall not be considered an amount used for administration of programs under this title in a fiscal year.’’. 
(c) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 204(d)(3) (33 U.S.C. 
1123(d)(3)) is amended— 
(A) in the matter before subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘With respect to sea grant col-leges and sea grant institutes’’ and inserting ‘‘With respect to sea grant colleges, sea grant institutes, sea grant programs, and sea grant projects’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), in the matter be-
fore clause (i), by striking ‘‘funding among sea grant colleges and sea grant institutes’’ and inserting ‘‘funding among sea grant col-leges, sea grant institutes, sea grant pro-grams, and sea grant projects’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING  
DISTRIBUTION OF EXCESS AMOUNTS .—Section 
212 (33 U.S.C. 1131) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
SEC. 10. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
The National Sea Grant College Program 
Act (33 U.S.C. 1121 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 204(d)(3)(B) (33 U.S.C. 
1123(d)(3)(B)), by moving clause (vi) two ems to the right; and 
(2) in section 209(b)(2) (33 U.S.C. 1128(b)(2)), 
as amended by section 6, in the third sen-tence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF RESOURCES OF DE -
PARTMENT OF COMMERCE .—The Secretary 
shall’’. 
f 
DRIVE SAFER SUNDAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 319, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.057 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8175 November 19, 2015 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 319) designating No-
vember 29, 2015, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 319) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CONDITIONAL 
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND A CONDITIONAL RECESS OR AD-JOURNMENT OF THE SENATE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Chair lay before the Senate H. Con. Res. 95, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 95) 
providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives and a condi-tional recess or adjournment of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements related to the concurrent resolution be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 95) was agreed to, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 95 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That when the House ad-
journs on any legislative day from Thursday, November 19, 2015, through Wednesday, No-vember 25, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m. on Monday, November 30, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first; and that when the Senate recesses or adjourns on any day from Thursday, November 19, 2015, through Tues-day, November 24, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand re-cessed or adjourned until noon on Monday, November 30, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to re-cess or adjourn, or until the time of any re-assembly pursuant to section 3 of this con-current resolution, whichever occurs first. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the 
public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 3. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-
ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO EMER-
GENCY PSYCHIATRIC CARE ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the House message to accompany S. 599. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 
599) entitled ‘‘An Act to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric dem-onstration project,’’ do pass with an amend-ment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to concur in the House amend-ment, and I ask unanimous consent that the motion be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR DESIG-
NATING THE THIRD TUESDAY IN NOVEMBER AS NATIONAL EN-TREPRENEURS’ DAY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 314) expressing sup-
port for the designation of the third Tuesday in November as ‘‘National Entrepreneurs’ Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 314) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of November 17, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 4038 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk from the House, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4038) to require that supple-
mental certifications and background inves-tigations be completed prior to the admis-sion of certain aliens as refugees, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDER FOR MEASURE TO BE 
PLACED ON THE CALENDAR— H.R. 4038 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that notwithstanding the ad-journment of the Senate, the bill be placed on the calendar as if read for a second time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2329 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2329) to prevent the entry of ex-
tremists into the United States under the refugee program, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 
30, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn under the provisions of H. Con. Res. 95 until 3 p.m., Monday, November 30; that following the prayer and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.073 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8176 November 19, 2015 
pledge, the morning hour be deemed 
expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, until 5 p.m.; fi-nally, that at 5 p.m. the Senate then proceed to executive session as under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
NOVEMBER 30, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:34 p.m., adjourned until Monday, November 30, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON  
PUBLIC DIPLOMACY  
GEORGETTE MOSBACHER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2018, VICE LEZLEE J. WESTINE, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
PHILLIP H. CULLOM, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE SHARON E. BURKE, RE-SIGNED. 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
DANIEL B. MAFFEI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A FEDERAL 
MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2017, VICE RICHARD A. LIDINSKY, JR., RESIGNED. 
ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK  
SWATI A. DANDEKAR, OF IOWA, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DIRECTOR OF THE ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR, VICE ROBERT M. ORR, RE-SIGNING. 
NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
HARRY R. HOGLANDER, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2017. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
PATRICK PIZZELLA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JULY 1, 2020. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: 
JAMES F. ENTWISTLE, OF VIRGINIA 
BRIAN A. NICHOLS, OF CALIFORNIA RICHARD GUSTAVE OLSON, JR., OF NEW MEXICO DANIEL R. RUSSEL, OF CALIFORNIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR PRO-MOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASSES INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
CLASS OF CAREER-MINISTER: 
CHERYL L. ANDERSON, OF VIRGINIA 
WILLIAM R. BRANDS, OF ARIZONA THOMAS R. DELANEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHAEL T. HARVEY, OF TEXAS BROOKE ANDREA ISHAM, OF WASHINGTON JANINA ANNE JARUZELSKI, OF NEW JERSEY CHARLES E. NORTH, OF VIRGINIA BETH S. PAIGE, OF TEXAS THOMAS H. STAAL, OF MARYLAND DENNIS J. WELLER, OF ILLINOIS MELISSA A. WILLIAMS, OF VIRGINIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR PRO-
MOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASSES INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR: 
JENNIFER M. ADAMS, OF VIRGINIA 
REBECCA R. W. BLACK, OF NEW MEXICO SHERRY FAITH CARLIN, OF FLORIDA NANCY L. ESTES, OF FLORIDA ERIN ELIZABETH MCKEE, OF VIRGINIA LESLIE K. REED, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN MARK WINFIELD, OF MARYLAND 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, AS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
KATHY E. BODY, OF MARYLAND 
DAVID G. BROWN, OF MARYLAND BEVERLY A. BUSA, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN J. CARDENAS, OF CALIFORNIA SHARON THAMS CARTER, OF FLORIDA KATHERINE ASHTON CRAWFORD, OF MARYLAND CHRISTOPHER M. CUSHING, OF FLORIDA RAMONA M. EL HAMZAOUI, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE HOLLY L. FERRETTE, OF MARYLAND CRAIG K. HART, OF VIRGINIA MARY MELINDA HOBBS, OF MISSOURI EDITH I. HOUSTON, OF VIRGINIA BARBARA W. HUGHES, OF CONNECTICUT ELISE M. JENSEN, OF MASSACHUSETTS KAREN D. KLIMOWSKI, OF CALIFORNIA JULIE A. KOENEN, OF CALIFORNIA GARY LINDEN, OF VIRGINIA MARCIA MUSISI-NKAMBWE, OF ARIZONA ANNE ELIZABETH PATTERSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
LESLIE A. PERRY, OF COLORADO PATRICK L. ROBINSON, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE EVELYN RODRIGUEZ PEREZ, OF FLORIDA 
LAWRENCE J. SACKS, OF MISSOURI SHERYL A. STUMBRAS, OF FLORIDA AYE AYE THWIN, OF MARYLAND CHRISTOPHE ANDRE TOCCO, OF CALIFORNIA AMY C. TOHILL-STULL, OF VIRGINIA THERESA G. TUANO, OF MARYLAND PETER A. WIEBLER, OF VIRGINIA SUNIL SEBASTIAN XAVIER, OF VIRGINIA 
THE FOLLOWING-NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERV-ICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS TWO, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
CHRISTOPHER VOLCIAK, OF PENNSYLVANIA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
ELIZABETH A. ORLANDO, OF NEW YORK 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS FOUR, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
CAROLYN W. ANDERSON, OF VIRGINIA 
STACEY A. BA, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN C. BEDSWORTH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ELIZABETH L. BIERMANN DE LANCIE, OF ALABAMA IAN M. BILLARD, OF MISSOURI MARK A. BLAND, OF FLORIDA MICHAEL D. BREWER, OF NEW YORK KEVIN J. BROSNAHAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TANYA R. BROTHEN, OF ARIZONA BRIAN W. CAMPBELL, OF NEW YORK DAVID S. CAMPBELL, OF NEW MEXICO GEOFFREY D. CHANIN, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHAEL C. COKER, OF ARIZONA ERIC C. CONCHA, OF FLORIDA DAVID B. CORBY, JR., OF ARIZONA SANDRA P. CORTINA, OF VIRGINIA DIANA L. COSTA, OF MISSOURI EDWARD E. DAIZOVI, OF INDIANA JANE L. DENHAM, OF TEXAS AIMEE M. DOWL, OF CALIFORNIA CARMEN W. DOWLING, OF FLORIDA PHILIP M. DREWRY, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES S. DRISCOLL, OF WASHINGTON ANDREW J. ELLIS, JR., OF MARYLAND OMAR I. FAROOQ, OF VIRGINIA TERRENCE FINNERAN, OF FLORIDA CATHERINE D. C. FISCHER, OF CALIFORNIA BON E. FLEMING, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRYAN M. GIBLIN, OF MARYLAND BENJAMIN J. GIBSON, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM C. GILBERT, OF MISSOURI KAREN A. GLOCER, OF FLORIDA PAUL G. GRADDON, OF WASHINGTON JULIE R. GRIER-VILLATTE, OF FLORIDA ROBERT E. GROSSMAN, OF NEW YORK ALEXIS H. HAFTVANI, OF CALIFORNIA TRAVIS J. HALL, OF COLORADO JERROD E. HANSEN, OF WASHINGTON JONATHAN P. HERZOG, OF VIRGINIA JASON A. HUGHES, OF MISSOURI OGNIANA V. IVANOVA-SRIRAM, OF NEW YORK HEATHER L. JOHNSTON, OF WASHINGTON EARNEST C. JONES, OF CALIFORNIA KHULOOD M. KANDIL, OF FLORIDA JOHN T.S. KENNEDY, OF FLORIDA SALMAN KHAN, OF MISSOURI DAE G. KIM, OF CALIFORNIA DANIEL D. KOHANSKI, OF CALIFORNIA MICAH K. LEBSON, OF MARYLAND 
JACOB J. LEVIN, OF ILLINOIS HOLLY MARIE MACKEY, OF MASSACHUSETTS ERICA MAGALLON, OF CALIFORNIA SPENCER A. MAGUIRE, OF RHODE ISLAND OLIVER S. MAINS, OF CALIFORNIA REBECCA E. MARQUEZ, OF MINNESOTA PAUL E. MASTIN, OF COLORADO FRISCO J. MCDONALD, OF ARKANSAS DIMITRY MEDVEDEV, OF NEW YORK KELLY R. MERRICK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA THOMAS R. A. MONTGOMERY, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID D. MOO, OF MISSOURI JACQUELINE D. MOUROT, OF TEXAS ANDREW NELSON, OF CALIFORNIA JAMES P. NUSSBAUMER, OF OREGON JEAN T. OLSON, OF WISCONSIN BRENDAN D. OWEN, OF VIRGINIA JOSEPH R. PALOMBO, JR., OF NEW HAMPSHIRE MELISSA PAULSEN, OF GEORGIA JEREMY R. PETERSON, OF WASHINGTON GAVIN D. PIERCY, OF ALASKA LEAH H. PILLSBURY, OF CALIFORNIA LAWRENCE D. PIXA, OF WASHINGTON ROBYN M. REMEIKA, OF TEXAS THERESA A. REPEDE, OF VIRGINIA NATHANIEL D. RETTENMAYER, OF ARIZONA INNA ROTENBERG, OF VIRGINIA MARTIN P. RYAN, OF WISCONSIN YOULIANA P. SADOWSKI, OF NEW YORK FELIX P. SANCHEZ, OF TEXAS SARAH E. SAPERSTEIN, OF VIRGINIA MARK J. SCHLINK, OF MISSOURI MERLYN SCHULTZ, OF CALIFORNIA ROBERT L. SCHWARTZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SAMUEL D. SIPES, OF TEXAS DAMIAN J. STAFFORD, OF NEW YORK ELIZABETH M. STICKNEY, OF MARYLAND KATHERINE L. SUPLICK, OF VIRGINIA MARY G. SWARTZ, OF MARYLAND SARAH J. TALALAY, OF FLORIDA EDWARD C. THOMPSON, OF ILLINOIS JAMES C. THORN, OF MISSOURI HALIMA K. VOYLES, OF INDIANA HAN A. WANG, OF NEW YORK CAROLEE A. WILLIAMSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
WARREN M. WILSON, OF TENNESSEE ABRAHAM D. WISE, OF WASHINGTON DEREK H. WRIGHT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SETH F. YEAGER, OF VIRGINIA MICHELLE L. ZJHRA, OF WASHINGTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED PERSON OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF THE CLASS STATED: 
FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF CLASS FOUR, CON-
SULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, EFFEC-TIVE JUNE 1, 2015: 
EDWARD L. ROBINSON III, OF HAWAII 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. BLAKE A. GETTYS COL. KAREN E. MANSFIELD 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TODD M. BRANDEN COL. MARK A. CROSBY COL. FERMIN A. RUBIO 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DAVID M. BAKOS COL. VANCE C. BATEMAN COL. SANDRA L. BEST COL. JEFFREY C. BOZARD COL. WILLIAM D. BUNCH COL. RAFAEL CARRERO COL. LARRY K. CLARK COL. KEVIN D. CLOTFELTER COL. MARSHALL C. COLLINS COL. JAMES N. COX COL. JASON R. CRIPPS COL. CHRISTOPHER S. CROXTON COL. FRANCIS N. DETORIE COL. RUBEN FERNANDEZ–VERA COL. JOHN T. FERRY COL. JOHN E. FLOWERS COL. MICHAEL J. FRANCIS COL. VINCENT R. FRANKLIN COL. CLAY L. GARRISON COL. KEVIN J. HEER COL. DANA A. HESSHEIMER COL. GENE W. HUGHES, JR. COL. CLIFFORD N. JAMES COL. JAMES T. JOHNSON COL. GREGORY F. JONES COL. MARSHALL L. KJELVIK COL. JAMES R. KRIESEL COL. RONALD S. LAMBE COL. ANDREW J. MACDONALD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.080 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8177 November 19, 2015 
COL. STEPHEN J. MAHER 
COL. MATTHEW J. MANIFOLD COL. MAREN MCAVOY COL. GREGORY S. MCCREARY COL. STEPHEN B. MEHRING COL. JESSICA MEYERAAN COL. BILLY M. NABORS COL. JEFFREY L. NEWTON COL. PETER NEZAMIS COL. PATRICK R. RENWICK COL. STEPHEN M. RYAN COL. PETER R. SCHNEIDER COL. GREGORY N. SCHNULO COL. GREG A. SEMMEL COL. RAY M. SHEPARD COL. MARC A. SICARD COL. PAUL R. SILVESTRI COL. CHRISTOPHER A. STRATMANN COL. PETER F. SULLIVAN, JR. COL. TAMI S. THOMPSON COL. JOSEPH B. WILSON COL. GREGORY S. WOODROW 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. EDWARD P. MAXWELL 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT C. BOLTON BRIG. GEN. CHARLES W. CHAPPUIS, JR. BRIG. GEN. DAWNE L. DESKINS BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY L. FRYE BRIG. GEN. PAUL D. JACOBS BRIG. GEN. MARK E. JANNITTO BRIG. GEN. RONALD W. SOLBERG BRIG. GEN. JAMES K. VOGEL BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM L. WELSH BRIG. GEN. WAYNE A. ZIMMET 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES H. DIENST 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN J. DEGOES COL. MARK A. KOENIGER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN D. BANSEMER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RUSSELL A. MUNCY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PATRICIA N. BEYER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTOPHER W. LENTZ 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SCOTT M. LOCKWOOD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LEE ANN T. BENNETT COL. RICHARD M. CASTO COL. JONATHAN M. ELLIS COL. JAMES J. FONTANELLA COL. JOHN P. HEALY COL. DANIEL J. HEIRES COL. ROBERT A. HUSTON COL. WILLIAM R. KOUNTZ, JR. COL. ALBERT V. LUPENSKI COL. TYLER D. OTTEN COL. RUSSELL P. REIMER COL. HAROLD E. ROGERS, JR. COL. TRACEY A. SIEMS IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOHN C. THOMSON III 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. SYLVIA R. CROCKETT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
BRYAN K. ALLEN KATHLEEN C. AMYOT MICHAEL MEITEH ARMIJO DOUGLAS B. BAKER PATRICIA L. BARR DAVID JOHN BARTCZAK ROBERT C. BELWOOD WILBUR C. BIGGIN III WILLIAM T. BLADEN THOMAS A. BOLIN ROBERT THOMAS BOTKIN RICHARD N. BRADLEY JASON MICHAEL BROCK STUART W. BROWN MICHAEL JOSEPH BRUNO EDWIN B. BUTLER DONALD KENT CARPENTER DONALD LAWRENCE CLARK REGINALD LAMONT CLARK THOMAS C. COLE GREGORY BRANDON COLEMAN NICHOLAS D. COLEMAN MICHAEL ALAN COMSTOCK RICHARD CARROLL COOK MARLON E. CROOK CHRISTIAN P. CUNNINGHAM JAMES THOMAS DEMAREST JOHAN A. DEUTSCHER SEAN PETER DOUGHTY KEVIN V. DOYLE PAUL DRAKE IV THOMAS JOSEPH DUGGAN III THOMAS A. DUKES, JR. KEVIN S. ECHTERLING MARK EDWARD EMSHWILLER BRENT B. ETHRIDGE ROBERT FEHER ROBERT A. FORINO AKSHAI M. GANDHI GREGORY C. GOFORTH BERLINDA GOODSON MICHAEL A. GUCH CHARLES CAMERON GUTHRIE DANIEL WEBSTER HARLOW CHRISTOPHER E. HOWELL VERNETTA PATRICE HUGHES CHRISTOPHER BRANDT JONES JON J. KALBERER DONNE H. KANG DANIEL ELDARIN KELLY CHRISTOPHER S. KILCULLEN MICHELE LEIGH KILGORE ROBERT A. KING BRADFORD ULRICH LARSON DARRIN P. LELEUX CHRISTINE LORRAINE LENNARD JOSHLIN D. LEWIS JAMES P. MARREN GLEN ALLEN MARTEL DEAN BRYAN MARTIN, JR. STANLEY A. MARTIN CHRISTOPHER C. MCDONALD JOYCE A. MERL STEVEN D. MICHAUD HOLLY C. MITCHELL DANIEL MARC MITOLA GRADY O. MORTON, JR. MARK ANDREW MUCKEY RICK LEE MUTCHLER ALICE A. NIEDERGALL WILLIAM P. OBRIEN RYAN J. OGAN RANDALL STEVEN ORTIZ STEPHAN K. OTTO MATTHEW PATERNOSTRO ROBIN M. POLLOCK PAUL JOSEPH QUIGLEY JERRY PAUL REEDY JOHN K. RICHARDSON CARLA D. RINER NASHID A. SALAHUDDIN SCOTT J. SALOIS ROBERT JEFFREY SCHELL SUEELLEN SCHUERMAN LEMUEL JOSEPH SHAFFER RICHARD K. SHARP CHRISTOPHER JAMES SHEPPARD KURT S. SHIGETA JOSEPH CALLIE SMITH ROSEMARY MARIA SMITH TIMOTHY J. SMITH CHRIS A. SNYDER RICHARD ARTHUR TAITO 
LAURIE ANN TIDEMANN MARTIN E. TIMKO WALTER K. TOWNSON MARK W. TUCCILLO TRENT J. VANHULZEN JOHN EMILIO VARGAS, JR. BRIAN EARL VAUGHN DODD DOUGLAS WAMBERG JEFFREY M. WILLIAMS BERNARD L. WILLIS II SANDRA LYNN WILSON GARRICK H. YOKOE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
JAMES D. FERGUSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
KELVIN L. BROWN ROBERT D. FERGUSON JOEL T. GILBERT SEAN A. M. KLAHN ROBERT A. MITCHELL DOUGLAS A. PAUL CORY S. W. SCHULZ PAUL L. WAGNER II 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAESOO LEE MARK S. NUCKOLS BRIAN D. RAY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
WAYNE W. SANTOS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ANTHONY J. FADELL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
RICARDO ALONSOJOURNET 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JEFFREY M. SLOAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ANDREW C. DILLON ANDRE R. HOLDER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
REBECCA R. TOMSYCK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
EVERETT S. P. SPAIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SHANE R. REEVES 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U. S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
DAVID E. BENTZEL JENNIFER L. CHAPMAN REBECCA I. EVANS CHRISTOPHER E. KELLER BRIAN U. T. KIM 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.009 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8178 November 19, 2015 
MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., 
SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
TERESA L. BRININGER DAVID H. DUPLESSIS LARRY O. FRANCE RICHARD A. VILLARREAL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
KEVIN R. BASS JOHN D. BELEW TIMOTHY N. BERGERON BRANDON M. BOWLINE KATHERINE A. BRUCH JONATHAN B. BUTLER ROBERTO CARDENAS STACEY L. CAUSEY PATRICK A. DONAHUE CURTIS W. DOUGLASS CHRISTOPHER F. DRUM MICHAEL A. ELLIOTT MARLA J. FERGUSON JAMES T. FLANAGAN, JR. RICHARD G. FORNILI 
MARK D. GRAY JORDAN V. HENDERSON DIRK D. LAFLEUR EDWARD F. MANDRIL JENNIFER J. MCDANNALD SCOTT A. MOWER ERIC J. NEWLAND ENRIQUE ORTIZ, JR. TANYA A. PEACOCK JAMES L. REYNOLDS DAVID W. SEED DAVID L. SLONIKER JOHN P. STALEY MARK A. STEVENS YOLONDA R. SUMMONS CHRISTOPHER M. TODD CHARLES L. UNRUH ROY L. VERNON, JR. JOSEPH K. WEAVER JONATHAN R. WEBB EDWARD J. WEINBERG RICHARD A. WILSON D002416 D003940 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
KIMBERLIE A. BIEVER AMAL CHATILA LASHANDA C. COBBS CARLA M. DICKINSON AMANDA R. FORRISTAL KATHI J. HILL SUSAN G. HOPKINSON CRYSTAL L. HOUSE ANGELA S. ICAZA MARK A. MACDOUGALL ELIZABETH A. MANNSALINAS JOHN J. MELVIN LISA E. MILLER ANN M. NAYBACKBEEBE DOUGLAS A. PHILLIPS MELAINA E. SHARPE MARY J. SHAW ANGELA M. SIMMONS PAMELA M. WULF 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAVID BARRETT GREGORY R. BOCKIN PAUL J. CUCUZZELLA CHERYL A. P. EMERY JOHN T. HARRYMAN KIMBERLY J. HUHTA ADAM SIEGLER RONALD D. SULLIVAN JENNIFER S. ZUCKER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAVID W. LAWS JOHN E. SWANBERG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
WILLIAM A. ALTMIRE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JESUS J. T. NUFABLE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
RUBEN BERMUDEZPAGAN CARLOS R CAEZSIERRA KEVIN T. HAMM LANCE A. OKAMURA CHRISTOPHER S. SANDISON TODD W. SCHAFFER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSHUA A. CARLISLE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
WILLIAM C. MOORHOUSE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
GREGG T. OLSOWY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
ROGER S. GIRAUD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
STEVEN M. WILKE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR TEMPORARY 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 6221: 
To be captain 
KENNETH C. COLLINS II 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS OF THE COAST 
GUARD PERMANENT COMMISSIONED TEACHING STAFF FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTIONS 189 AND 276: 
To be commander 
CORINNA M. FLEISCHMANN ROYCE W. JAMES 
To be lieutenant commander 
KIMBERLY C. YOUNG–MCLEAR 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be lieutenant commander 
MICHAEL S. ADAMS, JR. JOHN C. ADAMS RYAN F. ADAMS MARK P. AGUILAR BRAIN J. AHEARN, JR. DAVID A. ALBRIGHT PAUL R. ALEXANDER NICHOLAS M. ANDERSON LILY A. ANDREWS MICHAEL J. ANGELI HUNTER T. ATHERTON HOWARD B. BAKER, JR. KRISTEN N. BAKER STEVEN J. BALDOVSKY JESSICA A. BARBEAU SIMON P. BARR YAMARIS D. BARRIL STEVEN J. BARRY GREG M. BATCHELDER PHILIP S. BAXA DANIEL BELL JEREMY A. BELL MARY K. BENDER ALEX J. BERNSTEIN ARIEL BERRIOS DAVID A. BIRKY SAMUEL A. BLASE TREVOR A. BLOUNT TIMOTHY E. BOETTNER HERBERT A. BOGGS ROLLA T. BOGGS STEPHEN BOR COREY R. BOUDREAU JOSHUA D. BOYLE STEPHEN W. BRICKEY MATTHEW P. BRINKLEY ANTONIO D. BRINO DOMINIC N. BUCCIARELLI LYNN A. BUCHANAN JOSHUA W. BUCK ERIN S. BUSTIN JEFF B. BYBEE 
REGINA R. CAFFREY ANDREW R. CAMPBELL AUSTIN E. CAMPBELL MATTHEW A. CARLTON RAYMOND CARO CHRISTOPHER D. CART JOHNNY J. CARTER, JR. DANIEL B. CATHELL MICHAEL J. CAVANAGH JAMES E. CEPA LESLIE R. CLARK JOSEPH R. COFFMAN SHELLEY M. COLBERT THOMAS M. CONDIT DAVID J. CONNOR CHAD M. CONRAD KEVIN J. COOPER DAVID C. COREY ROBERT D. CRAIGHEAD JAMES A. CROCKETT RYAN T. CROSE MICHAEL D. CROWE THOMAS S. CROWLEY NOLAN J. CUEVAS GREGORY T. DAHL AARON P. DAHLEN JON–PAUL M. DEL GAUDIO MEGAN A. DENNELLY JOHN Z. DOWNING MATHEW J. DOYLE KRISTIN P. DRISCOLL MARK C. DUKTI JARED W. ENGLAND CHRISTOPHER E. ENOKSEN, SR. KYLE L. ENSLEY JAMES J. ERICKSON SARAH E. ERNST MICHAEL P. FELTOVIC BRIAN D. FITZPATRICK TRAVIS R. GAGNON 
JASON L. GALE DIANNA D. GARFIELD LUDWIG R. GAZVODA ANGELIQUE M. GEYER WESLEY M. GEYER BRIAN C. GISMERVIK PHILIP J. GRANATI LUKE J. GRANT RONALD R. GREEN KARIMA A. GREENAWAY JEANNETTE M. GREENE AMY J. HAAS GEORGE F. HALL BRYAN K. HARRELL ADRIAN P. HARRIS JOSEPH H. HART RYAN D. HAWN JASON L. HAYES BRIAN J. HEDGES TYLER K. HEFFNER RYAN P. HENEBERY MARLON L. HERON PRESTON J. HIEB KELLY L. HIGGINS KRISS K. HINDERS THOMAS E. HOLLINBERGER JEFFREY S. HOLM JARED H. HOOD JACOB I. HOPPER JESSE L. HOUCK SCOTT W. HYATT, JR. TRISHA A. JANTZEN JOSEPH K. JOHNSON NOEL H. JOHNSON FRANCES S. JOHNSON–GILLION CHRISTINA M. JONES DAN N. KAHN MICHAEL W. KENALEY DANIEL P. KILCULLEN JAY F. KIRCHER CHRISTOPHER J. KLEIN JASON M. KLING MICHAEL F. KOEHLER BENJAMIN J. KREBS WALTER C. KROLMAN KAREN L. KUTKIEWICZ KEVIN B. LAUBENHEIMER DANIEL W. LAVINDER DEREK W. LEHR JACOB S. LONDON JOSEPHINE A. LONG GEORGE G. MACDONNELL ARTHUR P. MAHAR ERIC R. MAJESKA PETER E. MALONEY MICHAEL H. MANUEL LUCAS C. MARINO MATTHEW L. MARKOS SIMONE B. MAUSZ CHARLES S. MCANDREWS DAVID P. MCCARTHY CORY J. MCCOLLOW JENNIFER A. MCKAY MATTHEW B. MCKEOWN BRENDAN J. MCKINNON DANIEL J. MCQUATE PEDRO L. MENDOZA CHRISTOPHER J. MILLER STEPHEN R. MIROS CHRISTIAN G. MIURA KIRA M. MOODY CHRISTOPHER G. MORRIS LANE M. MUNROE ERICK M. NEUSSL ELIZABETH J. NEWTON CHRISTOPHER R. NORTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.011 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8179 November 19, 2015 
JOHN E. NOTO 
ELIZABETH A. OLIVEIRA BENJAMIN K. O’LOUGHLIN EDWIN ORTIZ THOMAS R. OSBORN, JR. JULIE E. PADGETT TODD J. PAQUETTE ADAM A. PAUL JONATHAN C. PERRY MICHAEL PIVATO JEFFREY R. PLATT EDWARD L. PORTER JEFFREY C. PURKEY 
EDWARD J. QUINN DAVID W. RATNER GREGORY M. REHLENDER CORY A. RIESTERER ERIC RIVERA JOSEPH E. RIZZO KEITH V. ROBERTS NATHANIEL L. ROBINSON CHRISTOPHER C. ROSEN MORGAN J. ROY ROBERT C. RUE GEOFFREY A. SAHLIN JORDAN C. SAMSON JAY T. SANDUSKY GARRETT B. SANTOS RICHARD W. SANZO AMANDA G. SARDONE BRIAN G. SATTLER KENNETH R. SAUERBRUNN JENNIFER S. SAVIANO LINDSEY E. SENIUK RYAN B. SEYMOUR DAVID A. SHOOK JAMES C. SHULL GREGORY S. SICKELS BRIAN E. SIEMIATKOWSKI STEPHEN M. SIMPSON DAVID A. SMITH HILARY N. SMITH JEFF J. SMOLIK BENJAMIN J. SPARACIN JASON R. STANKO IAN M. STARR SCOTT R. STECHSCHULTE ANNA E. STEEL MATTHEW T. STEVICK FRANK A. STROM III DAVID W. STUTT BRENDAN SULLIVAN CONOR J. SULLIVAN KIRSTIN E. SULLIVAN CHRISTOPHER E. SVENCER DANIEL L. TAVERNIER ERIC S. TAYLOR NICOLE M. TESONIERO FELICIA S. THOMAS STEPHANIE K. THOMAS TRACEY L. TORBA LAWRENCE E. TORMEY WILLIAM A. TOWERS DONALD S. TROUTMAN JONATHAN P. TSCHUDY JOHN W. VELASCO PETER E. VERMEER II ADOLFO E. VIEZCA JOSHUA M. VINCI REBECCA P. VINLOVE RYAN T. WAITT JOHN H. WALTERS MATTHEW E. WARANIUS BRIAN L. WARD JORELL R. WEBB CHRISTOPHER C. WEISER KRISTA L. WELCH GERARD M. WENK JEFFREY D. WEST TAMARA B. WHALEN JONATHAN D. WHITE ADAM R. WOLFE DEWEY W. WORKER JAKOB C. WRIEDEN RONNY C. WRIGHT MICHAEL A. WURSTER GRANT C. WYMAN JEREMY L. YANDELL JAMES R. ZOLL, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C, SECTION 271(E): 
To be commander 
JASON C. ALEKSAK NAHSHON I. ALMANDMOSS JONATHAN A. ANDRECHIK JOHN H. AXTELL RENE BAEZ TIMOTHY G. BALUNIS, JR. KEVIN M. BARKLAGE JASON P. BARRETT JESSICA B. BEHERA CHRISTOPHER J. BELMONT ANDREW R. BENDER KENNETH E. BETHEA BRIAN R. BETZ BRIAN P. BREGUET JOHN W. BRIGGS PEGGY M. BRITTON DANIEL J. BROADHURST DARKEIM L. BROWN WILLIAM A. BUDOVEC CHRISTOPHER G. BURRUS DERREK W. BURRUS JERRY D. BUTWID MARCUS A. CANADY 
CATHERINE T. CARABINE STEVEN E. CERVENY STEVEN J. CHARNON MATTHEW M. CHONG JOHN J. CHRISTENSEN WALTER CHUBRICK, JR. MICHAEL A. CINTRON AUSTIN H. COHOON ANGELA A. COOK KEVIN A. CRECY DEREK L. CROMWELL MICHAEL V. DANISH WILLIAM L. DAVIS RULA F. DEISHER ETIENNE DE LA RIVA AARON W. DEMO JOYCE M. DIETRICH PATRICK C. DILL SARA E. DILUNA DAVID D. DIXON ROBERT J. DONNELL TAD F. DROZDOWSKI SHAUN L. EDWARDS JOHN T. EGAN KENNETH W. ELLER RYAN S. ENGEL DAVID T. FEENEY MATHEW S. FINE ZACHARY R. FORD MICHAEL R. FRANKLIN WILLIAM A. FRIDAY ELISA M. GARRITY DAVID R. GATES MARCUS G. GHERARDI THOMAS A. GILL MEREDITH S. GILLMAN ZACHARY N. GLASS TROY P. GLENDYE CARY G. GODWIN RYAN C. HAMEL 
LUSHAN A. HANNAH AMANDA D. HARDGRAVE DAVID W. HATCHETT, JR. ERIC A. HELGEN ANGELINA HIDALGO KATE F. HIGGINS-BLOOM KEVIN S. HILL BRENDAN J. HILLEARY TIMOTHY C. HOLT JASON D. INGRAM JUSTIN W. JACOBS DARWIN A. JENSEN STEVEN F. JENSEN ERIC D. JOHNSON MAUREEN D. JOHNSON MICHAEL P. KAHLE NICHOLAS A. KALIN BENJAMIN G. KARPINSKI CHRISTOPHER M. KEENE NATHAN P. KENDRICK TERRI J. KINDNESS ROBERT J. KINSEY DANIEL P. LANIGAN JOHN M. LEACH JOHN-DAVID A. LENTINE EDDIE LESANE, JR. RACHEL L. LEWIS PATRICK M. LINEBERRY THOMAS S. LOWRY SCOTT E. LUGO PATRICK J. LYSAGHT SCOTT M. MACCUMBEE GREGORY J. MADALENA BRIAN J. MAGGI JILLIAN C. MALZONE MATTHEW C. MANOFSKY CARYN A. MARGITA TIMOTHY J. MARGITA ZACHARY S. MATHEWS HEATHER R. MATTERN ERIC S. MAY IAIN L. MCCONNELL KEVIN J. MCCORMACK MARK A. MCDONNELL SHAWN C. MCMILLAN BRIAN K. MCNAMARA ADAM C. MERRILL MATTHEW A. MICHAELIS CAROLYN L. MOBERLEY ROBERT S. MOHR YOUNGMEE MOON KEVIN T. MORGAN PETER M. MORISSEAU, JR. MATTHEW A. MOYER CHARLOTTE MUNDY BRIAN J. MURPHY CRAIG E. MURRAY NICHOLAS E. NEELY DAVID NEGRON–ALICEA MARSHALL E. NEWBERRY NEIL ORLICH AARON J. ORTENZIO MARK S. PALMER BRANDY N. PARKER ARTURO S. PEREZ BRIAN A. POTTER HAROLD PRICE SCOTT A. RAE TOBIAS C. REID RODNEY RIOS NICOLE D. RODRIGUEZ AARON J. ROE DANIEL P. ROGERS JESSICA A. ROZZI–OCHS MICHELE L. SCHALLIP SHADRACK L. SCHEIRMAN TYSON J. SCOFIELD 
MARC R. SENNICK KRISTEN L. SERUMGARD THOMAS A. SHULER JAMES H. SILCOX III EMMA E. SILCOX NICHOLAS R. SIMMONS JAMES S. SMALL BRIAN A. SMICKLAS MARC H. SMITH TIMOTHY C. SOMMELLA BRYSON T. SPANGLER WILLIAM R. SPORTSMAN ERICH V. STEIN RICHARD W. STICKLEY, JR. HEATHER E. STRATTON MICHAEL R. STRUTHERS CHRISTOPHER W. SWEENEY KRIS J. SZCZECHOWICZ MICHAEL A. TEIXEIRA DONALD M. TERKANIAN, JR. KELLY A. THORKILSON LEE D. TITUS CHARTER B. TSCHIRGI ROBERT C. TUCKER PATRICIA J. TUTALO NICOLETTE A. VAUGHAN XAIMARA VICENCIO–ROLDAN WILLIAM C. WALSH ROBERT D. WEBB WINSTON D. WOOD JESSICA S. WORST ANDREW W. WRIGHT YAMASHEKA Z. YOUNG–MCLEAR 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate November 19, 2015: 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
SHELLY COLLEEN LOWE, OF ARIZONA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2018. 
THE JUDICIARY  
STEVEN M. WELLNER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIF-TEEN YEARS. 
WILLIAM WARD NOOTER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS. 
INTER –AMERICAN FOUNDATION  
JUAN CARLOS ITURREGUI, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE INTER– AMERICAN FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 26, 2020. 
LUIS A. VIADA, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE INTER–AMERICAN FOUN-DATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 20, 2018. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
DIANE HELEN RODRIGUEZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE ARTS FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 3, 2018. 
FRANCINE BERMAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020. 
PATRICIA NELSON LIMERICK, OF COLORADO, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMAN-ITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2018. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
ANN CALVARESI BARR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPEC-
TOR GENERAL, UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
PETER WILLIAM BODDE, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO LIBYA. 
ELISABETH I. MILLARD, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF TAJIKISTAN. 
MARC JONATHAN SIEVERS, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SULTANATE OF OMAN. 
DEBORAH R. MALAC, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA. 
LISA J. PETERSON, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF SWAZILAND. 
H. DEAN PITTMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.013 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8180 November 19, 2015 
CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR 
EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MO-ZAMBIQUE. 
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION  
VICTORIA A. LIPNIC, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2020. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
MICHAEL HERMAN MICHAUD, OF MAINE, TO BE ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF LABOR FOR VETERANS’ EMPLOY-MENT AND TRAINING. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO SERVE AS DIRECTOR OF THE COAST GUARD RESERVE PURSUANT TO TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 53(B) IN THE GRADE INDICATED: To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. KURT B. HINRICHS 
AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS  
DEREK TAI–CHING KAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A DI-
RECTOR OF THE AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR A 
TERM OF FIVE YEARS. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. ANDREW S. MCKINLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPTAIN MATTHEW T. BELL 
CAPTAIN MELISSA BERT CAPTAIN DAVID M. DERMANELIAN CAPTAIN ROBERT P. HAYES CAPTAIN ANDREW J. TIONGSON CAPTAIN ANTHONY J. VOGT 
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LADONN 
A. ALLEN AND ENDING WITH JEFFREY V. YAROSH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON OCTOBER 28, 2015. 
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SHARIF 
A. ABDRABBO AND ENDING WITH WILBUR A. VELARDE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON OC-TOBER 28, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.016 S19NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1653 November 19, 2015 
CONDEMNING TERRORIST AT-
TACKS IN PARIS, FRANCE, ON NOVEMBER 13, 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 17, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, at Corn-
wallis’ surrender at Yorktown, it’s reported that the Marquis de Lafayette praised America say-ing, ‘‘Humanity has gained its suit; Liberty will nevermore be without an asylum.’’ To this day his words ring true; America continues to up-hold justice over tyranny and terror, and spreads the values of individual freedom across the globe. However, Lafayette’s words also remind us that America has never been alone in that struggle. 
Since the inception of our nation, the French 
people have been our compatriots in advanc-ing the causes of justice and liberty. Last week, our oldest friend—an ally of peace and justice—was brutally and senselessly attacked by terrorists. As they have been there during our struggles, we must now be there for the French people. While we mourn together now, we must also unite and stand against global terrorism. The terrorists responsible must be brought to justice for these horrendous acts, ensuring both of our nations remain defenders of liberty for generations to come. 
f 
REFORMING CFPB INDIRECT AUTO 
FINANCING GUIDANCE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, November 18, 2015 
The House in Committee of the 
Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with re-spect to indirect auto lending. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I will vote 
against H.R. 1737, the Reforming CFPB Indi-rect Auto Financing Act. There are arguments to be made on both sides of this debate, and I am confident that the people I’ve worked with over the years in the auto industry are straight shooters. It is clear, however, that there are areas of serious abuse. The Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has found that there are instances where auto lenders, in-cluding some dealers, charge higher interest rates for people of color than they charge white car buyers with similar credit worthiness and financial standings. These higher interest rates come in the form of on-site and undis-closed interest rate markups. Several lawsuits have highlighted these matters. I understand there are alternative argu-
ments. Auto dealers should have the flexibility to give car buyers the best price possible, and interest rate negotiations can be a good way to save consumers money and to streamline the sales process. Further, CFPB’s mandate to enforce the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and prevent discrimination in all lending was clear even before the 2013 guidance targeted by this legislation. 
On balance, however, it is important not to 
undercut the CFPB as the administration is working hard to protect it. Perennial Repub-lican budget proposals attempt to limit or elimi-nate funding for the CFPB, and earlier this fall the House Financial Services Committee passed legislation that would replace the CFPB with a politically appointed committee. 
I’m hopeful that regardless of the outcome 
of this debate that there is a way to be able to work in a more cooperative basis on this issue. I’m interested in how we both meaning-fully address real concerns while simulta-neously protecting consumers and the delicate momentum of the newly-created CFPB under continuous attack. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO PRESIDENT 
MA YING-JEOU OF THE ROC (TAI-WAN) 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to express my sincere congratulations for the leadership of President Ma Ying-jeou of the ROC (Taiwan) in pursuing peace and prosperity of the region. The leaders of the two sides met in Singapore on November 7, which was the first such summit since 1949. 
President Ma elaborated on the ‘‘1992 Con-
sensus’’ in his opening and closed door re-marks, aiming to consolidate the common and critical foundation of the cross-Strait relations. The State Department expressed ‘‘the United States welcomes the meeting between leaders on both sides of the Taiwan Strait and the his-toric improvement in cross-Strait relations in recent years’’. Again, I would like to take this opportunity to applaud President Ma for his peaceful approach. Taiwan is indeed a beacon of democracy in East Asia. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FORMER CALI-
FORNIA ASSEMBLYMAN AND CHAIRMAN OF THE PRESIDENT’S COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY JOHN A. BUSTERUD 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the life of John A. Busterud, World War II veteran, former Assemblymen, and ad-
vocate for the environment. 
Born on March 7, 1921, in Coos Bay, Or-
egon, Mr. Busterud went on to graduate from the University of Oregon. He then enlisted in the United States Army and served as an In-fantry officer with the U.S. Army’s distin-guished 90th Infantry Division in the European Theater. During combat operations, his Bat-talion captured the vast German gold reserves and priceless art treasures deep in a salt mine in Merkers, Germany. He was awarded the Bronze Star and Combat Infantry Badge for his service and would eventually retire from the Army as a Lieutenant Colonel. After the war, Mr. Busterud graduated from Yale Law School and moved to San Francisco to start his legal career with the firm of Brobeck, Phleger and Harrison. 
A dedicated public servant, Mr. Busterud 
served three terms as a California Assembly-man, from 1956 to 1962, representing the 22nd District in San Francisco. He rose to the 
ranks of Assembly Minority Leader. 
After his tenure in the Assembly, Mr. 
Busterud returned to private practice, but con-tinued to serve the public as President of the Commonwealth Club of California and Presi-dent of the Committee to Save the Headlands. In this latter role, he was instrumental in the successful efforts to save the Marin Headlands and lay the groundwork for the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. 
In 1971, President Nixon appointed Mr. 
Busterud to be the first Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Environmental Quality. Subsequently, he served as a member and eventually Chairman of the President’s Council on Environmental Quality (CEQ) under Presi-dent Ford. During his tenure at CEQ, he rep-resented the United States as a delegate to the groundbreaking Law of the Sea Conven-tion in Geneva, Switzerland. After his service in Washington, Mr. Busterud returned to Cali-fornia to found Resolve, an environmental me-diation foundation. 
Mr. Busterud is now retired and, at age 94, 
he enjoys spending time with his beloved wife Anne and doting on his three children and seven grandchildren. He also authored ‘‘Below the Salt,’’ a historical account of the 90th Divi-sion in WW II and the discovery of the Ger-man gold at Merkers. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting to honor and thank 
John A. Busterud for his long and dedicated service to Country, State, and the environ-ment, and express deep appreciation for his impressive and distinguished accomplish-ments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. MERLE 
HOROWITZ 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
an educator who has devoted her life to en-suring our kids have the skills they need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.001 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1654 November 19, 2015 
enter the global workforce. Dr. Merle Horowitz 
will be honored this evening at the Delaware County Veterans Memorial Association annual dinner. Dr. Horowitz recently retired after ten years of service as superintendent of Marple Newtown School District. Dr. Horowitz’s retire-ment comes after a 40 year career of edu-cating students, and nearly three decades in Delaware County. She’s a respected expert on cyberbullying and has spoken at length on the topic to audiences around the country. To-night’s honor is a fitting one and we are grate-ful for her service to the young people in our community. 
f 
HONORING UGA IX, ‘‘RUSS’’ 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Uga IX, the University of Geor-gia’s beloved mascot who also goes by the name of Russ, for his dedicated service over the past three-plus seasons. 
On October 22, 2015, the University of 
Georgia announced that Uga IX has decided to retire at the age of 11. Russ has worked a total of 38 games since being awarded a ‘‘bat-tlefield promotion’’ and assuming the title of Uga IX during the 2012 season. Following the deaths of his half-brother, Uga VII, and his successor, Uga VIII, Russ also served as the interim mascot for 25 games from 2009–2012. 
With a 51–22 record, Russ served admi-
rably as Uga IX and is cherished by University of Georgia fans worldwide. The Bulldog Nation is sad to see Russ retire, but we look forward to welcoming Uga X, ‘‘Que’’, as our new mas-cot. Que will be formally introduced during the Georgia Southern game on November 21, 2015, in Sanford Stadium. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to rise today 
to recognize Uga IX, ‘‘Russ,’’ and thank the Seiler family of Savannah, owner of the lin-eage of ‘‘Uga’’ Bulldog mascots, for their con-tinued support of the program. Go Dawgs! 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NOVEMBER 7 
CROSS-STRAIT MEETING 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the historic meeting between Tai-wan’s President Ma Ying-jeou and China’s President Xi Jinping on November 7. Included below are President Ma’s insights on the meeting. Like President Ma, I agree that these are discussions which must continue. But at a time of increasing security concerns and rising tensions in the region, I believe this meeting was an important step toward improved rela-tions and stability in the region. 
In my meeting with Mr. Xi, we exchanged 
views on cross-strait relations, peaceful devel-opment and the consolidation of peace, and the status quo of prosperity. You must all be concerned about the atmosphere at the meet-ing. The meeting took place in a frank and very positive atmosphere. I found Mr. Xi to be pragmatic, flexible, and candid when dis-
cussing the issues. We hope that this spirit will be reflected in the handling of cross-strait rela-tions. 
Our discussions focused on several points. 
The first point is the consolidation of the 1992 Consensus and the maintenance of peace across the Taiwan Strait. I told Mr. Xi that the consensus reached between the two sides in November 1992 was that the two sides of the Taiwan Strait insist on ‘‘one China,’’ but differ as to what that means, and each side could 
express its interpretation verbally. This was the 1992 Consensus of ‘‘one China, respective interpretations.’’ The ROC’s interpretation does not involve two Chinas; one China, one Taiwan; or Taiwan independence, as the Re-public of China Constitution does not allow it. I also emphasized that sustainable peace and prosperity should be the common goal in the development of cross-strait relations. We will continue to consolidate the 1992 Consensus of ‘‘one China, respective interpretations’’ as the basis for relations, and maintain the status quo of peace and prosperity. 
The second point is the reduction of hostility 
and peaceful handling of disputes. We told Mr. Xi that the people of Taiwan are especially concerned about security and dignity. We wanted Mr. Xi and mainland China to under-stand that we hope all disputes, whether they be political, military, social, cultural, legal, or of any other form, can be peacefully resolved, al-lowing both sides to experience mutual good will. I made special mention of the frustrations our people have had when participating in NGO activities, as well as the interventions our government has faced when taking part in regional economic integration and other inter-national activities. We hope to see a reduction of hostility in these areas, especially with re-gard to our NGOs. I told Mr. Xi that these or-ganizations comprise elite members and spe-cialists, who have reacted quite strongly to these issues and the treatment they received. We hope there will be fewer such occur-rences. In response, Mr. Xi said he hopes these issues will be appropriately handled case by case. 
I also stated that many people of Taiwan 
are concerned about mainland China’s military deployments against Taiwan, including the Zhurihe base with which we are all familiar and where missiles are deployed. Mr. Xi said that these deployments are in principle not tar-geted at Taiwan. 
The third point is the expansion of cross- 
strait exchanges and mutual benefits. We em-phasized that given the fact that Taiwan and mainland China have different social and eco-nomic systems, the two sides need sufficient time to engage in deeper exchanges. We also reiterated Taiwan’s interest in participating in regional economic integration. The issue of which side joins first and which side later should not arise. Mr. Xi expressed willingness to discuss this issue and welcomed our partici-pation in the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and mainland China’s ‘‘one belt, one road’’ initiative. 
The fourth point is the establishment of a 
cross-strait hotline. We believe that a hotline can be set up between the Mainland Affairs Council Minister and the Taiwan Affairs Office Minister, who can then exchange views on im-portant or urgent issues. Mr. Xi stated that this matter could be promptly dealt with. 
With regards to cultural and educational ex-
changes, I also expressed the hope that main-land China can allow more vocational college 
graduates to pursue higher education in Tai-wan. I noted that our efforts over the past sev-eral years have met with limited success. As we from Taiwan know, our polytechnic univer-sities have a shortage of students. I drew at-tention to the fact that Vietnam, Thailand, India, and Indonesia have been funding grad-uate studies by university lecturers at poly-technic institutes in Taiwan. We welcome these students. Before I took office, we had about 30,000 students from overseas studying in Taiwan. This year, the figure has increased to above 100,000. We intend to transform Tai-wan into an Asia-Pacific center for higher edu-cation. I mentioned that mainland China has over a million vocational college graduates. Mr. Xi said he is willing to look into this matter. The vocational college graduates I refer to are like graduates from five-year junior colleges in Taiwan who then enroll in two-year programs at polytechnic colleges. 
The fifth and final point is joint cooperation 
for cross-strait prosperity. I suggested that his-tory has left behind several issues that the two sides cannot resolve overnight. These issues must be handled pragmatically. If we deal rashly with some of the excessively sensitive issues, it will make things worse. The mainte-nance of cross-strait peace and stability is Tai-wan’s mainstream view. How cross-strait rela-tions develop in the future will have to take into account the direction of public opinion. In particular, I reiterated that cross-strait relations should be built on the foundation of dignity, re-spect, sincerity, and good will, for only then can we shorten the psychological gap be-tween the two sides. I especially expressed the hope that the two sides can turn hostility into friendship and seek peace, not war.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING COL. WYLIE W. 
JOHNSON 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Col. Wylie W. Johnson of the U.S. Army Reserve. Wylie, an Army chaplain, served our nation in five conflicts. He continues to serve today as the Pastor of the Springfield Baptist Church in Springfield, Delaware County, where he’s been since 1997. Wylie will tonight receive the Freedom Medal from the Delaware County Veterans Memorial Association at its annual dinner. It’s a well-deserved tribute for a man who has looked after the spiritual needs of our men and women in uniform for dec-ades. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ALBA-
NIAN AMERICAN COMMUNITY CENTER (AACC) 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 50th anniversary of the Albanian American Community Center (AACC) in Wa-terbury, Connecticut and the 103rd anniver-sary of Albania’s independence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO8.003 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1655 November 19, 2015 
Next week, the City of Waterbury will recog-
nize Mr. Xhemal Dani as the 2015 Albanian Mayor of the Day. On that day, the double headed eagle flag will fly over Waterbury City Hall, and we will celebrate the contributions and accomplishments of the Albanian commu-nity over the past fifty years. The AACC has been instrumental in bringing our community closer together through religious and non-reli-gious events including festivals, picnics, and charity dinners. Regularly taught Albanian lan-guage, culture, and history lessons at the cen-ter highlight the rich and vibrant heritage of the Albanian community. 
The Albanian-American Community Center’s 
mission began fifty years ago when a small committee organized to advance an environ-ment where religious and social activities could thrive. Through strong work ethic and fundraising efforts, the organization, then- known as the Albanian American Moslem Community, was able to build a new mosque and bring an Imam to serve the City of Water-bury and the surrounding region. In 1969, con-struction began on the current mosque located on Raymond Street, allowing the Albanian- American Community Center to expand its membership and services to the community. 
Under the leadership of President Visar 
Tasimi, the AACC has strengthened its Schol-arship Program, making college more afford-able for youth and their families. Since the fund’s establishment in 2012, over $10,000 has been awarded for higher education schol-arships. I was pleased to be a part of the scholarship reception this summer and meet the talented recipients. 
To the members and leadership of the 
AACC, thank you for your tireless efforts to encourage friendships and unity among all Al-banian-Americans and educate the public about your traditions and culture. Your achievements are a true testament to the posi-tive impact diversity can bring to our commu-nity. I am proud to represent you in Congress. 
Congratulations to the Board of Directors, 
members, volunteers, and all who have helped organize the anniversary celebration. I look forward to many more years of your continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KEVIN COONEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate longtime anchorman Kevin Cooney of KCCI-TV in Des Moines. After 33 years at KCCI and a lifetime dedicated to journalism, Kevin has decided it’s time to put down the notes, turn off the tele-prompter and enjoy retirement. 
Since 1982, Kevin has been a constant fig-
ure in Iowa’s living rooms, bringing us the news. During that time, he has covered some of Iowa’s most important news stories ranging from the catastrophic floods of 1993 to inter-viewing President Clinton at the White House on the day of the Oklahoma City bombing. His wide range of knowledge on the issues of the day and his ability to captivate large audi-ences are second to none. 
As an Iowa native Kevin has always had a 
unique perspective on issues Iowans care about the most. His passion and genuine love 
of reporting the news is clear. He has earned the respect of those all across Iowa’s media for his professionalism as well as his knack for making those around him better. Kevin is a leader in the truest sense of the word and an ambassador for all Iowans, they have counted on him for breaking news the last 33 years and he has delivered. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Kevin on his retirement as one of the most trusted faces in Iowa news broadcasting. His unwavering support for the state of Iowa and his commitment to providing news stories with integrity is a testament to his character. I am proud to represent him, his family and his fel-low colleagues in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating Kevin on this incredible milestone and wishing him nothing but the best in his retire-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARGE LOZINAK 
LAWRENCE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Marge Lozinak Lawrence of Springfield for her service to our country during the conflict in Korea. Marge was a nurse in Korea, joining the cadet nursing program for $15 a month. She cared for wounded soldiers and did her best to save lives. Marge will be honored to-night at the Delaware County Veterans Memo-rial Association Annual Dinner with the 2015 DCVMA Freedom Medal. It’s a fine tribute for someone who has served our nation and our warfighters overseas. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, 
November 18, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like the record to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legis-lative business. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 634, providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1210) Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act; providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3189) Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act. 
I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on Roll Call 635, 
the Motion to Recommit with Instructions for the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 636, 
the Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act. 
I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on Roll Call 637, 
the Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act. RECOGNIZING JOLIET CENTRAL 
HIGH SCHOOL’S ANNUAL VET-ERAN CEREMONY 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Joliet Central High School and its Veterans Ceremony. 
On Friday, November 6, 2015, Joliet Central 
High School hosted its 5th Annual Veterans Ceremony to recognize the sacrifice of alumni, faculty, and community members who have served in the armed forces. 
This year, Joliet Central High School hon-
ored the following veterans: 
Joseph Berman; Charles Muller; Bill Thorns; 
Ted Micci; Felix Pasteris; Dan Ursitti; Edward Mena; Christo Dragatsis; Jerald Brazeal; Don-ald Boyer; Gregory E. Warren; Larry Musson; Frank Varman; Larry Evert; and Hank Pillard. 
I would like to commend Joliet Central High 
School for recognizing our veterans and I join the students, faculty, and administrators in thanking them for their service. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DONNA AND 
MICHAEL BARBETTI, RECIPIENTS OF THE 2015 SAM AND JANE CALI STAR AWARD FROM THE BROAD-WAY THEATRE LEAGUE OF NORTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Donna and Michael Barbetti, recipients of the 2015 Sam and Jane Cali Star Award from the Broadway Theatre League of Northeastern Pennsylvania. 
The Broadway Theatre of Northeastern 
Pennsylvania was established in 1959 by the late Benno and Gertrude Levy. The Levy’s love for theatre stirred their desire to bring Broadway to Scranton, thus providing access to this unique American art form to the citizens of Northeastern Pennsylvania. Broadway The-atre was blessed with a great board president for many years, the late Sam Cali, whose dedication and support moved the organiza-tion into the new millennium. 
Each year, the Sam and Jane Cali Star 
Award is presented to a distinguished commu-nity leader who has demonstrated exemplary dedication and service to the arts in north-eastern Pennsylvania. Donna and Michael Barbetti are longtime patrons of the arts and were jointly chosen for the award by a com-mittee that wished to recognize their history of support. 
Donna and Michael Barbetti are residents of 
the City of Scranton. Donna is a Registered Dietician with a Master’s Degree from Marywood in Food and Nutrition. In addition to her involvement with the Broadway Theatre League, Donna is the President of the Lacka-wanna County Women’s Commission and is a board member of the Pennsylvania Women’s Commission. She also is a board member of St. Francis of Assisi Kitchen and the Scranton Area Foundation, and she is on the Advisory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.005 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1656 November 19, 2015 
Board for Penn State Worthington Campus. 
Michael is a Certified Public Accountant and operates his own private practice. He sits on the Board of Directors for Broadway in Scran-ton. Michael has also served as Chairman of the Board for the ARC of NEPA, The March of Dimes, and as a board member of Allied Services. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-
lating Donna and Michael Barbetti. Their self-less devotion to the arts has enriched the lives of many and has had a lasting, positive impact on the quality of life in northeastern Pennsyl-vania 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. RUSTY CARTER 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor U.S. Army veteran Rusty Carter for his service to our country. Rusty is a long-time Delaware County resident who enlisted in the Army in April, 2009. Rusty became a para-trooper with the ‘‘Screaming Eagles’’ of the famed 101st Airborne Division. He deployed to Afghanistan in 2010 and in July of that year came under heavy enemy fire. Rusty was awarded a Purple Heart for his injuries in the battle but just a month later was back in the fight. Rusty was again injured in a Humvee accident in 2011. He’ll receive the Freedom Medal from the Delaware County Veterans Memorial Association tonight. 
f 
IN HONOR OF WINES ELEMENTARY 
SCHOOL’S 2015 NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON AWARD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the achievements of Wines Elemen-tary School. For over fifty years, Wines Ele-mentary School has benefited our community through its dedication to the education and de-velopment of Ann Arbor’s youth. The U.S. De-partment of Education recognized this commit-ment by naming the school a 2015 National Blue Ribbon Award recipient. 
Founded in 1957, Wines Elementary 
School’s mission is to ‘‘create for every stu-dent a joyful environment that stimulates life-long learning and inspires respect for indi-vidual differences.’’ The school has actively worked to instill this mission by making com-munity and family participation a cornerstone in the life of each student. Family volunteers organize community events such as the an-nual Run-a-Thon, in which students run laps around a track to raise money for charity, a movie night, and a country fair, as well as many other fun events. The school also part-ners with local charities and nursing homes to ensure students are provided opportunities to participate in and give back to their commu-nity. 
In addition to active community involvement, 
Wines Elementary School has worked to strengthen all of its students by focusing on each individual as a unique and capable learn-
er. This has been done through the creation of personalized learning plans which ensures each teacher understands the special needs of their students. The hard work of students, teachers, and parents has resulted in excellent academic achievement. Their standardized tests scores have registered in the top 5% of all Michigan schools in combined measures of student achievement and growth. This earned the school the designation from the Michigan Department of Education as a Reward School and led the department to nominate the school for the National Blue Ribbon Award. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor the teachers, students and par-ents of Wines Elementary School. Their multi-faceted methods to prepare our children have created a vibrant community which will invig-orate Ann Arbor for years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MISS RUTHA MAE 
HARRIS 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a legendary singer and activist in the Civil Rights Movement, Miss Rutha Mae Harris. Miss Harris will be celebrating her 75th birthday on Friday, November 27, 2015. 
Miss Rutha Harris was born on November 
27, 1940 in Albany, Georgia to the late Rev-erend and Mrs. I.A. Harris. She attended Alba-ny’s public schools, graduating from Monroe High School in 1958 and Albany State Col-lege, now Albany State University, in 1970. She also studied at Valdosta State University, Dillard University, and Florida A&M University. 
In 1961, Miss Harris, who always had a love 
and talent for singing, joined the Original Free-dom Singers. The Freedom Singers traveled more than 50,000 miles singing for the cause of freedom and raising funds for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). During the Albany Movement, Miss Harris was thrown several times into the same jail where Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was jailed on mul-tiple occasions. 
In 1963, the Freedom Singers were signed 
to a recording contract with Mercury Records. This was the beginning of Miss Harris’s pro-fessional career and helped propel her to the national stage. She performed in 46 states and the Virgin Islands, in renowned venues such as Radio City Music Hall in New York City and the Civic Opera House in Chicago, Il-linois. The Freedom Singers also performed at the March on Washington in Washington, D.C. in 1963. 
In addition to performing with the Freedom 
Singers, Miss Harris also recorded with the Landmark Gospel Singers, Georgia Mass Choir, and the legendary Whitney Houston. One of the highlights of Miss Harris’s profes-sional career was being selected to perform with the Georgia Mass Choir in the film, ‘‘The Preacher’s Wife,’’ starring Whitney Houston and Denzel Washington. In 2004, Miss Harris recorded her first album, ‘‘I’m on the Battle-field.’’ 
In 1998, Miss Harris organized the Albany 
Civil Rights Museum (now Institute) Freedom Singers. This group performs every second Saturday of the month and travels to other cit-
ies. This group, along with the Albany Civil Rights Institute, helps to keep the Albany Movement alive for younger generations to learn of the passion and sacrifices made by their ancestors. 
Miss Harris has been widely recognized for 
her music, her involvement in the Civil Rights Movement, and her continued activism. She received the Martin Luther King Dream Award in 2001 and the Trailblazer Award for Out-standing Work Preserving, Promoting, and Ad-vancing the Tradition of African American Music in 2013, among many other awards and accolades. On February 9, 2010, Miss Harris had the honor of performing at the White House for President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama in a special event, ‘‘In Performance at the White House: A Celebra-tion of Music from the Civil Rights Movement.’’ 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, ‘‘Dark-
ness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.’’ The Freedom Singers brought light and love to those on both sides of the Civil Rights Movement. Miss Harris has helped to keep this light and love alive through her continued performances and her efforts to pre-serve the successes of the Movement for younger generations to enjoy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to join me and my wife, Vivian, in commending and recognizing Miss Rutha Mae Harris for the inspiring life that she leads. We extend our best wishes to her as she and her family and friends prepare to celebrate her 75th birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JOHN COOK 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to John Cook, a Marine from Delaware County, Pennsylvania. John joined the Corps fresh out of high school, and served under Col. Lewis ‘‘Chesty’’ Puller. John landed with the Marines at Incheon and served in ‘‘Mas-sacre Valley’’ during Operation Killer in Feb-ruary 1951. He was discharged in 1952 as a Sergeant, having served his country with honor and distinction. John will be honored with the Freedom Medal tonight at the Dela-ware County Veterans Memorial Association Annual Dinner. It’s a fitting honor for a man who served his country ably in Korea. 
f 
STEVENS INSTITUTE OF TECH-
NOLOGY WINS THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY’S SOLAR DECATH-LON 
HON. ALBIO SIRES 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and congratulate the Stevens Institute of Technology’s remarkable achievement in winning the Department of Energy’s pres-tigious Solar Decathlon. The competition chal-lenges collegiate teams to spend almost two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.009 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1657 November 19, 2015 
years building and designing energy-efficient 
houses that run on solar power. 
This year, the Stevens Institute of Tech-
nology team defeated more than a dozen other teams with their design the SURE HOUSE. Thirty students from multiple dis-ciplines competed against teams from five dif-ferent countries over the course of ten days in ten separate competitions to judge the houses’ performance, livability, and affordability. This year the teams also had to prove that their house could power a hybrid, non-electric vehi-cle. 
The SURE HOUSE is a solar powered 
home that is also able to withstand Hurricane- force winds and flooding. Inspired by the dev-astating effects of Hurricane Sandy it is meant to act as a new housing prototype for shore communities. The SURE HOUSE was ranked highest in several categories and uses almost 90 percent less energy than conventional homes. It can also provide emergency power to surrounding neighborhoods after a storm. The building will be taken back to New Jersey to act as an emergency management and coastal resiliency center along the Jersey shore. 
I am confident that Stevens Institute of 
Technology’s outstanding performance will change the future of home building, particu-larly in vulnerable shore communities, and I congratulate their team on this impressive achievement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANDREA VOIGHT OF 
ST. CLOUD 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to thank Andrea ‘‘Andy’’ Voight for her dedicated service as a nurse in the St. Cloud Community. 
For Andrea, nursing was much more than a 
job; it was a family tradition and way of life. Along with her two sisters, Andrea followed in her mother Rita’s footsteps to pursue the noble career of nursing. 
After graduating from the Miller Hospital Vo-
cational School of Practical Nursing in St. Paul, she returned to St. Cloud to officially begin her career at St. Cloud Hospital where she remained for an impressive 26 years. An-drea says what kept her working for so long was the connections that she is able to make with people. 
Andrea embodied what it truly means to 
care for others, as she says that she ‘‘truly ap-preciated watching her surgical patients make it to discharge.’’ 
Forty-six years and five children later, An-
drea made the decision to retire. When asked what she hopes to pursue next, Andrea says that she would like to travel and spend more time attending her grandchildren’s events. 
Andrea, our community is so thankful for all 
that you have done, and I wish you a happy and peaceful retirement with your family. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,670,014,021,513.75. We’ve 
added $8,043,136,972,600.67 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANNA WRIGHT 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Anna M. Wright. Anna has been a longtime champion of our veterans in our community. She was instrumental in the foun-dation of the Delaware County Veterans Me-morial in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania and her support was key to making this tribute to our veterans possible. Mr. Speaker, Anna is being honored this evening with the Presi-dent’s Award at the Delaware County Vet-erans Memorial Association Annual Dinner. It’s a fitting tribute to Anna and a well-deserved honor for all she’s done to express our grati-tude to our veterans. 
f 
TRANSGENDER DAY OF 
REMEMBRANCE 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, No-
vember 20th is Transgender Remembrance Day. However, every day we must recognize that transgender men and women are being unjustly discriminated against, bullied, ostra-cized and even killed because of their sexual identity. 
On this day, we remember those who were 
senselessly murdered, those who are targets because they are different and those who end up homeless when family abandon them. 
Transgender men and women wake up 
each morning being targets of bigotry and hate. So far in 2015, about 29 transgender men and women, primarily in their early 20s, have been murdered. Many more take their own lives because they simply cannot see life getting better or easier. 
Organizations like ‘‘Project Trans at the 
Center’’ in San Diego offer a safe environment to be themselves; they offer resources to help with life situations. It’s up to Congress to offer protection from discrimination as a basic human right. 
Imagine a world where you wake up every 
day with the challenge of existing; where it seems the world is against you no matter what you do. This is their world. Every day. Together we 
can make a difference and work toward end-ing discrimination. 
Today, let’s unify and work together to fix 
the inequality among transgender persons. 
But tomorrow—let us not forget the strug-
gles they face and the support they need to live freely in a world that is so full of intoler-ance. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PROTECT 
OUR STUDENTS AND TAXPAYERS (POST) ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Protect Our Students and Tax-payers (POST) Act, a bipartisan bill I intro-duced earlier today with my colleague Con-gressman W
ALTER JONES . 
If enacted, it would take steps towards elimi-
nating an incentive for for-profit colleges to ag-gressively recruit and enroll veterans, service members and their families, who have sac-rificed for this country and deserve the highest quality of education. 
Current law prohibits for-profit colleges and 
universities from deriving more than 90 per-cent of their revenue from the U.S. Depart-ment of Education’s federal student aid pro-grams. The other 10 percent is required to come from sources other than the federal gov-ernment. However, because of the way the law was written, veterans’ and active duty service members’ federal student aid does not count towards the 90 percent. Instead, it may be included among a for-profit institution’s cal-culation of its 10 percent non-federal revenue. 
As a result, for-profit colleges and univer-
sities are left with a powerful incentive to re-cruit veterans, service members and their fam-ilies, offering them degrees that are often less valuable than those from not-for-profit institu-tions. 
The POST Act would strengthen the defini-
tion of ‘‘federal aid’’ to include G.I. bill funds, Department of Defense Tuition Assistance benefits, and all other federal funding sources. 
Furthermore, the POST Act would reinstate 
a 15 percent minimum on revenue that for- profit colleges must receive from sources other than the federal government. The re-quirement was lowered from 15 percent to 10 percent in 1998. 
The bill also takes steps towards eliminating 
accounting tricks used by for-profit educational institutions that inflate their declared amount of non-federal funding. 
Finally, the POST Act increases the penalty 
for rule-breakers by causing colleges to lose eligibility to participate in federal student aid programs after one year of noncompliance with the new 85–15 rule. Currently, they do not face penalties until they have been non-compliant for two years. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and 
help get it passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.012 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1658 November 19, 2015 
RECOGNIZING MR. WILLIAM R. 
HILTON 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize William R. Hilton, a U.S. Army vet-eran whose service during the Korean War earned him three Purple Hearts and one Oak Leaf Cluster. 
Mr. Hilton was born and raised in Chester 
County, Pennsylvania. One of ten children, he began his military career at the very young age of 16 years old. Upon completion of basic training in 1950, Mr. Hilton was sent to the frontlines of the Korean War. 
During his service, Mr. Hilton endured some 
of the most difficult and horrific conditions of the war. Through three injuries on the frontlines, he continued to fight and act as a leader in battle. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mr. 
Hilton for his service and I thank him for the extraordinary sacrifices he has made for his country. 
f 
HONORING MR. TOM D EBLASS 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Mr. Tom DeBlass of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District, and to express my sincerest commendation as to all of his ac-complishments. 
Mr. DeBlass has been named to the New 
Jersey Martial Arts Hall of Fame as a Grappler. He has won titles such as the Pan American and World Championships. Beyond his personal feats on the mat, Mr. DeBlass has devoted his time to giving back to his community by opening his own Brazilian Jiu- Jitsu Academy. 
Mr. DeBlass has used his expertise to 
produce his own world champion students. He has created a legacy of martial arts success in his community and has given young athletes the opportunity to develop and excel. 
Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s 
Third Congressional District are tremendously proud to have Mr. Tom DeBlass as an in-volved member of their community. It is my honor to recognize both his personal athletic accomplishments and his lasting contributions to our community before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MONSIEUR LOUIS 
SICOIT 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Monsieur Louis Sicoit, a man who has dedicated his life to honoring the Amer-ican soldiers who liberated his village during World War II. Monsieur Sicoit, a resident of Roynac, 
France, was just a young boy when his village was at the nexus of the Battle of Montelimar. As a result of witnessing the grueling battle and seeing those American soldiers who risked their lives to protect his village, Mon-sieur Sicoit built a remarkable museum filled with hundreds of photographs, pieces of memorabilia, weapons, equipment, and testimonials from survivors like him. Sicoit’s museum attracts a variety of visitors and also opens its doors to local school children in order to educate them and to help honor the memory of those who helped rid France of the German occupation. Additionally, members of the U.S. Army’s 173rd Brigade Support Bat-talion visited Sicoit’s museum and bestowed upon him a Certificate of Appreciation. 
Please join me in honoring Monsieur Louis 
Sicoit for his life-long dedication to paying homage to the brave American soldiers who risked and lost their lives in saving and liber-ating his village, and for helping to strengthen the bond between our two countries. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. CHARLES 
‘‘BUD’’ BURNS 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Charles ‘‘Bud’’ Burns, a U.S. Navy veteran who served during the Second World War. 
A South Philadelphia native, Mr. Burns en-
listed in the Navy in 1946. After completing basic training, he was sent to Italy for his first tour of duty on the USS Compton . During his 
time overseas, Mr. Burns patrolled the Medi-terranean Sea before returning to the United States and being honorably discharged in 1948. 
Mr. Burns received the Good Conduct 
Medal and the European-African-Middle East-ern Campaign Medal for his admirable service. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Mr. 
Burns, and I thank him for his service and al-legiance to his country. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO COLONEL 
GEORGE D EFILIPPI UPON HIS RE-
TIREMENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to Colonel George DeFilippi, USAF (Ret) as he prepares to fully retire after 46 years of faithful government service and extraordinary dedication to duty and to the United States of America. 
George DeFilippi has had a fine career, in-
cluding in his most recent role as Head, Con-gressional Support Branch in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller). I would like to share with you some highlights. 
George DeFilippi graduated from the United 
States Air Force Academy in 1969. Following graduation, he honorably served his nation on active duty for the next 30 years spanning 
many key leadership positions. From 1986 to 1991, George was the Commanding Officer of the 23rd Tactical Air Support Unit out of Davis Monthan AFB, where he was responsible for consolidating the forward air control training for all Air Force and Marine Corps operational units. 
His next assignment was to serve as the 
Commander/Air Liaison Officer with the U.S. Army (XVII Airborne Corps) and Republic of Korea’s Third Army, leading a 250-person unit integrating aviation assets into army oper-ations. From 1993 to 1999 George reported to the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition & Technology) and was respon-sible for the oversight of a $4 billion tactical fighter and Unmanned Aerial Vehicle pro-grams. He later went on to serve as the Chief of Staff within OUSD (AT&L) continuing to pro-vide oversight for major defense acquisition programs. 
Upon completing 30 years of active duty 
service within the United States Air Force, George retired from active duty but continued to serve his country through the civilian sector. From 1999–2010, he worked within the Cobham Life Support Division as well as Gov-ernment Relations promoting life support prod-ucts to the U.S. Armed Forces. 
In 2010, George DeFilippi reported to his 
current assignment as Head, Congressional Support Branch, Navy Appropriations Matters Office where he helped the Department of the 
Navy achieve their financial and legislative goals. For five years, George DeFilippi has demonstrated exceptional leadership and fore-sight, engaging Members of the Appropriations Committee and its staff to provide information essential to resourcing the Navy for its role as the world’s dominant sea power. In an in-creasingly difficult budget environment, George DeFilippi provided essential support in shepherding Navy budgets through the appro-priations process. George served our nation with integrity, insight and dedication. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful nation, 
I join my colleagues today in saying thank you to George DeFilippi for his extraordinary dedi-cation to duty and steadfast service to this country throughout his distinguished career in the United States Air Force as well as his pub-lic service and we wish him and his wife Patri-cia the very best in his well-deserved retire-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GARY CHAM-
BER OF COMMERCE AND THE 8TH ANNUAL LAKESHORE CLAS-SIC BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
heartfelt respect that I recognize the Gary Chamber of Commerce as the organization celebrates the 8th annual Lakeshore Classic basketball tournament. In honor of this out-standing event, the Gary Chamber of Com-merce will host a celebratory luncheon in Gary, Indiana, at the Majestic Star Casino on Tuesday November 24, followed by a basket-ball tournament at West Side Leadership Academy on Friday, November 27 and Satur-day, November 28, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO8.009 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1659 November 19, 2015 
The theme for this year’s Lakeshore Classic 
is ‘‘Salute to Youth Sports,’’ bestowing honor on players and coaches who have dedicated their talents to youth sports in Northwest Indi-ana and made a notable impact on the re-gion’s sports programs. Along with the ac-knowledgment of these individuals, the Gary Chamber of Commerce has chosen an equally commendable speaker for their corporate luncheon. Mr. Lloyd McClendon has an exten-sive professional career in baseball. He is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Chicago Cubs, New York Mets, Cincinnati Reds, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Cleveland Indians. Lloyd is also a former man-ager of the Seattle Mariners and the Pitts-burgh Pirates. Originally from Gary, Indiana, Mr. McClendon played for the 1971 Gary team in the Little League World Series and earned the nickname ‘‘Legendary Lloyd’’ after he homered in five consecutive at bats. The 1971 team was the first all African-American team to make it to the final round of the Little League World Series. Lloyd went on to play baseball at Gary Roosevelt High School and Valparaiso University before his professional career. With his many contributions to sports in our region and across the nation, Mr. McClendon has proven to be an extraordinary example for youth involved in any sport, and he is worthy of the highest praise. 
At this time, I would like to recognize the 
schools participating in the Lakeshore Classic basketball tournament. These schools are dedicated to achieving academic excellence and sportsmanship, and they are passionate in their efforts. The participating teams include the Gary West Side Lady Cougars, John Mar-shall Lady Commandos, Gary Roosevelt Pan-thers, East Chicago Central Cardinals, Thea Bowman Eagles, Wendell Phillips Wildcats, Gary West Side Cougars, and the Charles A. Tindley Tigers. These teams are comprised of student-athletes who serve as exceptional role models for the youth in their communities. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask you and my 
other distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing the Gary Chamber of Commerce, the organizers and sponsors of the 8th annual Lakeshore Classic, and the dedicated hon-orees. Their perseverance, leadership, and commitment to our youth and Northwest Indi-ana are to be commended. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HELIAS 
CRUSADERS FOR THEIR THIRD PLACE FINISH IN THE 2015 CLASS 1 GIRLS GOLF STATE CHAMPION-SHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Helias Crusaders for their third place finish in the 2015 Class 1 Girls Golf State Championship. 
This team and their coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home third place to their school and community. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the 
Helias Crusaders for a job well done. TRIBUTE TO KEVIN CARTER 
HON. JASON CHAFFETZ 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I wish to 
thank Mr. Kevin Carter, an outstanding citizen and leader from the State of Utah. I thank Mr. Carter for his exemplary service as Director of the Utah School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration (SITLA). Mr. Carter served as Director for nearly 12 years. In this capacity, Mr. Carter oversaw the management and ad-ministration of approximately 4.4 million acres of land for various beneficiaries, primarily pub-lic education. Under Mr. Carter’s leadership, SITLA earned over $1.3 billion and helped the Permanent School Fund grow to over $2 bil-lion. I thank Mr. Carter for his dedication and his impressive contributions to our State. 
f 
EMILY CURRAY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Emily Curray for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
As an alumna of the University of Colorado 
School of Law, Emily has been practicing im-migration law since 1996, with a focus on business immigration. Currently, Emily is man-aging partner of the woman-owned immigra-tion firm Stern & Curray where she helps make the American Dream a reality for clients. Emily’s passion for immigration resulted in her current role on the board of the I Have a Dream Foundation—Colorado chapter and serving as past chair of the Colorado Lawyers Committee Immigration Task Force for more than 10 years. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Emily Curray for receiving the 2015 Celebrate Women Award. Thank you for your leadership and service to the community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED GLENN DOUGLAS DENNY 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to honor Glenn Douglas Denny, of Milton, Florida who passed away on November 9, 2015. 
Glenn was born in Stillwater, Oklahoma to 
Raymond and Mary Denny. While growing up in Stillwater, Glenn displayed exceptional ath-letic prowess in baseball and basketball, be-coming a star at Stillwater High School, where he graduated from in 1958. His athletic ability was recognized, and he received a scholar-ship for both basketball and baseball to Baylor University. After one year at Baylor, he re-
turned to Oklahoma to continue playing the sports he loved at Oklahoma Baptist Univer-sity. In 1963, he graduated with a degree in mathematics and secondary education. 
Upon his graduation, Glenn answered the 
call of duty, completing the U.S. Navy Officer Candidate School, serving on active duty for seven years with a tour in Vietnam as Com-manding Officer of a barracks ship in DaNang Harbor, and serving in the Navy Reserves, re-tiring at the rank of Commander. Eventually, his naval career would bring him to Florida’s First Congressional District, which he would call home for the remainder of his life. 
In 1969, Glenn began working as a math 
teacher and coach at Woodham High School in Pensacola, Florida, and in 1972, he became the basketball coach and math teacher at Pace High School in Pace, Florida, while also earning a Masters of School Administration. Glenn’s leadership skills and commitment to education led his selection as the first Com-munity School Director for Santa Rosa Coun-ty, Assistant Principal, and Principal of Pace High School, as well as Director of High School Education for Santa Rosa County Schools—a position he held until his retire-ment in 1997. 
Glenn’s retirement years were filled with 
quality family time, cross country travel in his motor home, and golf outings with family and friends. Glenn was also a man of faith, and was a long time member of the First Baptist Church of Milton. 
To some Glenn Denny will be remembered 
as a patriot and veteran who served our Na-tion with honor and distinction, to others he will be remembered as an educator who used his passion for sports and commitment to edu-cation to serve the students of Northwest Flor-ida, to his family and friends, Glenn will al-ways be remembered as a loving and devoted husband, father, and grandfather. His impact on Northwest Florida was immense, and his legacy will live on forever. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the House of 
Representatives, I am proud to honor the memory of Glenn Denny. Vicki and I will keep his entire family, especially his wife of 54 years, Joanne; his son, Scott and daughter-in- law Cathy; his son Bryan and daughter-in-law Flavia; his grandchildren, Matthew, Brittany, Michael, Gabriel, Mateus, and Stella; as well as his brother Paul and sister-in-law Kathy in our thoughts and prayers. 
f 
EPILEPSY AWARENESS MONTH 
REMARKS 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, November is 
National Epilepsy Awareness Month. Epilepsy affects more than 2.8 million Americans, al-most 10,000 of whom reside in my home state of Rhode Island. For the majority of those di-agnosed with this condition, there is no known cause. Furthermore, one-third of people living with Epilepsy have seizures that can’t be con-trolled with current treatments. 
Richard and Deb Siravo tragically lost their 
five-year-old son Matty to Epilepsy in 2003. However, they chose to turn their tragedy into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO8.012 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1660 November 19, 2015 
action and founded The Matty Fund. They 
didn’t want other families facing similar chal-lenges to go without help, and they dedicated themselves to raising awareness, providing family resources and improving the lives of children and families living with Epilepsy. 
I’m so proud of the work that the Matty 
Fund does in Rhode Island, and I encourage everyone to take a moment and reflect on what they can do to support Epilepsy aware-ness, not just during November, but all year long. 
f 
DANA RINDERKNECHT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Dana Rinderknecht for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
Dana began her career with Coors Brewing 
Company and then became involved with ColoradoGives.org at Community First Foun-dation where she helped refine the website to make it accessible, affordable and transparent. She helped take the organization from a small Denver-area organization serving 100 non-profits to a nationally-recognized program used by more than 1,700 organizations across the state. She also helped start Colorado Gives Day to increase philanthropy across the state. Since its inception, Colorado Gives Day—in combination with ColoradoGives—has raised more than $117 million for Colorado nonprofits. 
Dana’s energy and sense of humor she 
brings to her work helps foster a positive and creative environment. Her encouragement of others and her contribution to the nonprofit community has helped impact the lives of many. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Dana Rinderknecht for receiving the 2015 Cel-ebrate Women Award. Thank you for your leadership and service to the community. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ORGANIC 
ACT OF GUAM ELECTION RE-FORM ACT OF 2015 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I am 
introducing legislation to amend the Organic Act of Guam to prohibit salary changes for the Governor of Guam, the Lieutenant Governor of Guam, and Senators of the Guam Legisla-ture until after a general election of the Legis-lature has passed. My bill also removes the federally mandated five-year residency re-quirement for individuals to run for governor, lieutenant governor, and senator of the Guam Legislature, and gives the authority to set this requirement to local policymakers and the people of Guam. 
The Organic Act of Guam establishes the 
framework of the Government of Guam and, among others, provides for qualifications and 
manner of elections of the Governor of Guam, the Lieutenant Governor of Guam and mem-bers of the Guam Legislature. Currently the Organic Act is silent on provisions regarding changes in salary for the Governor, Lt. Gov-ernor, or local Guam Legislature and changes can be made and implemented at any time simply by changing local law. Over the past several months, local policymakers and the people of Guam have debated pay increases that were proposed and instituted shortly after last year’s general election. While I believe that these issues are up to local policymakers, and ultimately the people of Guam to decide, the Organic Act should provide safeguards re-garding salaries for these elected officials that will prevent divisiveness in our community. The bill that I am introducing today would pre-vent the Governor, Lt. Governor, and Senators from increasing their salaries until after an in-tervening election of the Legislature has oc-curred. This is similar to the 27th Amendment 
to the Constitution that prohibits Members of Congress from increasing their pay until after an intervening election, and it is consistent with a request made by the Guam Legislature for me to introduce an amendment to the Or-ganic Act for this purpose. 
Additionally, the bill I am introducing will 
make it easier for individuals to participate in Guam elections by removing the federally- mandated five-year residency requirement for individuals to run for Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Senator, and placing this au-thority with local Guam law. I believe that we should provide for greater opportunities to par-ticipate in government, and that the qualifica-tions for local elected offices should be vested in the laws of Guam. Placing a federal man-date on the qualifications for Guam’s Gov-ernor, Lt. Governor, and Senators ignores Guam’s political maturity and is contrary to the ideals of our representative democracy. These decisions should be made by local policy-makers and the people of Guam, not the U.S. Congress. The bill also puts Guam on equal footing with most of America, where state laws, not federal mandates, govern who can run for local elected offices. 
This bill is a step towards improving ac-
countability for elected officials on Guam and encourages more participation in our govern-ment. The bill is also consistent with public opinion in Guam and the views expressed by the Guam Legislature. I encourage its adop-tion and urge my colleague to pass this legis-lation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present during roll call vote number 637 on November 18, 2015 due to a previously scheduled appointment. 
I would like to reflect that on roll call vote 
number 637 I would have voted NO. REMEMBERING THE HISTORIC 
MEETING BETWEEN TAIWAN AND CHINA PRESIDENTS 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, as someone, 
who since 1978 has followed with great inter-est the tinder box of South East Asia, the re-cent meeting between Taiwan’s President Ma Ying-jeou and China’s President Xi Jinping is an historic event that I did not think I would see in my lifetime. 
On November 7 of this year, Taiwan’s Presi-
dent Ma Ying-jeou and China’s President Xi Jinping met in Singapore. The two leaders shook hands, gave speeches and discussed cross-Strait relations. 
Before Taiwan’s President Ma took office in 
2008, the relationship between Taiwan and China was severely strained. The conflict over Pacific Island ownership and dispute over many other issues portends problems that could threaten peace in the region. 
We greatly appreciate President Ma’s initia-
tive and leadership in pursuing this meeting and reducing tension along the Taiwan Strait. 
With the recent tragedy in Paris and the in-
creased violence in the Middle East, it is so vital that there is peace along the Taiwan Strait. 
We look forward to seeing even greater 
peace and stability in the region as a result of this historic meeting between these two Presi-dents and view it as a first step on a long road. 
f 
DR. MARGIE BALL-COOK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Dr. Margie Ball-Cook for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
Born in Beaumont, Texas, Dr. Ball-Cook has 
dedicated her life to helping others and the health care industry. She graduated as val-edictorian of her high school class and went on to receive her Doctorate in Psychology from the University of Denver. Since then, she has helped establish nursing schools in both Colorado and Africa. 
Currently, Dr. Ball-Cook heads the Global 
Health Commission of the National Black Nurses Association and was one of the found-ing members of Colorado Council of Black Nurses (CCBN). She has mentored and ad-vised hundreds of students interested in med-ical and health careers toward their career goals, including those with low means who wish to pursue a profession in medicine. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Dr. 
Margie Ball-Cook for receiving the 2015 Cele-brate Women Award. Thank you for your lead-ership and service to the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.020 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1661 November 19, 2015 
NATIONAL NATIVE AMERICAN 
HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, each No-
vember, our nation recognizes the contribu-tions of the First Americans during National Native American Heritage Month. Minnesota is home to eleven proud Ojibwe and Dakota na-tions, and those nations and their people are a vital part of our state’s heritage and our fu-ture. 
American Indians, Alaska Natives, and Na-
tive Hawaiians are the source of America’s first participatory democracy and the popu-lation with the highest rates of service in our nation’s armed services. Their cultures and communities have endured despite centuries of violence, injustice, and discrimination. That legacy must never be buried or ignored, but I am committed to working with tribal leaders to move forward in a new era of respect and self-governance throughout Indian Country. 
The nation-to-nation relationship between 
our federal government and the 567 diverse, federally recognized tribal nations across the country has been strengthened tremendously under President Obama. I am proud to have worked with the President and my colleagues in Congress to pass major legislation to better meet our federal trust responsibility, strength-en tribal self-governance, and support Native families, like the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act, the Tribal Law and Order Act, and the reauthorization of the Violence Against 
Women Act. 
Investing in the health, safety, and edu-
cation of Native youth, in particular, must be a priority for Congress. Native American youth deserve the same opportunities to shape their futures and succeed as any other child in America. Earlier this month, tribal leaders and Native youth joined President Obama and senior officials from throughout his Administra-tion at the 7th Annual White House Tribal Na-tions Conference. I was incredibly proud to see young people representing their Native nations and sitting with our President, sharing their priorities and discussing their future. Whether standing against racism in their schools, advocating for opportunities in their communities, or preserving their languages and cultures, the powerful voices and actions of Native youth are helping to build a brighter future for all young people in this country. 
Yet even with the progress we have made, 
tremendous work remains to realize that fu-ture. As sovereign nations, tribal governments play an essential role in serving the needs of their tribal members and defending the rights of their Nations. We must follow through on our federal responsibility to Native Americans with greater and more meaningful consultation and with legislative action that supports tribal self-determination, governmental parity, and significant investments throughout Indian Country. 
As we honor the heritage and resilience of 
our Native American brothers and sisters this month, we also commit to working together to build stronger communities and a stronger na-tion because when Indian Country is strong, America is strong. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-
NIVERSARY CELEBRATIONS FOR BOY SCOUT TROOP 16 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to Boy Scout Troop 16, which will be celebrating its 100th Anniversary on November 28, 2015, at Genetti’s Banquet Hall in Dickson City, Pennsylvania. Troop 16 has a long history of upholding the values of the Boy Scouts of America and serving its community with dignity and honor. 
Established in 1915, Troop 16 was orga-
nized through the efforts of Pennsylvania Rep-resentative, John Scheuer. William Longcor served as the initial Scoutmaster of Troop 16. The Troop’s first camping trip took place at Lake Ariel during the summer 1915 under the supervision of Scoutmaster Longcor and As-sistant Scoutmaster Walter E. Mohr. The troop’s inaugural banquet was held in Decem-ber 1915, and the first Parents’ night was in June 1916. The Troop completed its first Council Camp in 1919 at Bidwell’s Pond. 
Troop 16 has taken numerous camping ex-
peditions over the years, including ones to Mountain Lake, Camp Grieser, Gettysburg, Camp Lackawanna, Washington D.C., Valley Forge, and Goose Pond. In the 1970s, the Troop participated in Scout Expositions at the Watres Armory in Scranton, with Troop 16 winning several awards. In 2008 and 2014, the Troop sent crews to High Adventure at the Florida Sea Base in the Florida Keys. Since its founding, Troop 16 has attended Summer Camp at Goose Pond and has the distinction of counting 238 Eagle Scouts as alumni. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-
lating Boy Scout Troop 16 as it celebrates a century of service. These scouts’ and leaders’ devotion to scouting has enriched the lives of many and has had a lasting, positive impact on their community. I wish the Troop the best as it continues to uphold the traditions of the Boy Scouts of America. 
f 
DR. HARRIET HALL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Dr. Harriet Hall for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
Dr. Hall has made a significant contribution 
to the community through advocacy, passion and unwavering commitment to people with mental health disorders and their families. She has worked to reduce the stigma of mental ill-ness, to bring the public’s attention to urgent matters of mental health, and collaborated with government and business leaders to produce innovative changes for mental health care. Dr. Hall’s contributions extend beyond her work in the mental health field and with 
her help for some of the neediest portions of the community such as the homeless, indigent and families in turmoil. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Dr. 
Harriet Hall for receiving the 2015 Celebrate Women Award. Thank you for your leadership and service to the community. 
f 
HONORING TED ‘‘GUNNER’’ 
OUSLEY 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
wish today to honor a man that many in my District know by only one name. 
Ted Ousley—or simply ‘‘Gunner’’ as he is 
known to his many fans—is one of the most popular people in my District and a longtime personality with WIVK radio in Knoxville, Ten-nessee. 
Each weekday from 3:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. 
‘‘Your Cowboy Pal’’ Gunner entertains lis-teners with his unique brand of East Ten-nessee charm, humor, and grace. 
He loves his job, and you can tell when lis-
tening to his show. He once said that he was ‘‘living his dream’’ by being on the air with WIVK. 
In 2003 and 2004, Gunner was voted the 
Best DJ by Metro Pulse readers and was a fi-nalist for the Marconi Air Personality of the Year. 
But Gunner is not just known for his enter-
tainment. He is also a tireless champion of Veterans. 
Following the September 11th terror attacks 
in 2001, Gunner started a segment on his show called ‘‘Voices from the Front’’ where he would connect families over the phone with their loved ones serving in the wars. It was hugely popular and emotional for him and his listeners. 
In 2004, he traveled to Iraq, and upon his 
return led an effort to bring to the United States for treatment an 8-year-old suffering from a severe form of Spina Bifida. 
In 2009, Gunner received the first annual 
Civilian Warrior Award for his work with the 844th Engineer Battalion. 
East Tennessee is one of the most patriotic 
places in this Country. Each year, Gunner helps lead the Veterans Day parade in Knox-ville, which is attended by many thousands of people. 
In addition to his service to Veterans, Gun-
ner finds the time to run two East Tennessee farms and serve on the Board of Directors of the East Tennessee Alzheimer’s Association. 
Mr. Speaker, Ted ‘‘Gunner’’ Ousley em-
bodies the Volunteer spirit of East Tennessee. 
His humility and dedication to those who 
serve will forever hold a place in our hearts, and I thank him for his dedication to this Country and wish him success as he con-tinues to entertain us each day. 
I also call his work with Veterans to the at-
tention of my Colleagues and other readers in hopes that he will be an inspiration to many more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.024 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1662 November 19, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
636, I voted ‘Nay’ when I intended to vote ‘Yea’. 
f 
SHARON TREFNY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Sharon Trefny for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
Sharon has spent extensive time as a sys-
tems engineer, community organizer and project manager, working with both domestic and international partners. She helped estab-lish the Native American Commission on Urban Affairs, the first of its kind in the coun-try. Sharon also helped to create a Women’s Commission in Los Angeles where the first U.S. rape hot-line was set up. 
In 2000, Sharon became the First Lady of 
the Colorado School of Mines. In that position, she interacted with women leaders such as Jehan Sudat (the late Anwar Sadat’s wife), Madeline Albright, Wu Yi (Vice Premier of China), Jill Biden, and a UN delegation of women from Afghanistan. Sharon used the in-sight she gained from these experiences to help connect women’s leadership to the women on the School of Mines campus. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Sharon Trefny for receiving the 2015 Cele-brate Women Award. Thank you for your lead-ership and service to the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CALVIN 
FRAUENFELDER AND DUSTY JOHNSON 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Calvin Frauenfelder and Dusty John-son for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as interns in my Washington, DC office for the Fall 2015 session of Congress. 
The work of this young man and woman 
has been exemplary and I know they both have bright futures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legisla-tive process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity to these two and look forward to seeing them build their careers in public service. 
Our interns have made plans to continue 
their work with various organizations in Wash-ington and Colorado. I am certain they will succeed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speak-
er, it is an honor to recognize Calvin Frauenfelder and Dusty Johnson for their serv-ice this Fall. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CANDY ALCOTT 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise with Congressman M IKETHOMPSON to 
recognize Candy Alcott, an amazing Livermore resident whose acts of kindness are bringing joy to Lake County children devastated by the Valley Fire. 
When the Valley Fire destroyed hundreds of 
homes earlier this year, leaving many families with nothing, Candy jumped into action. She wanted to make sure the children of Lake County were ‘‘not forgotten.’’ 
Candy drove from Livermore and brought 
donations. She gave away a few bikes that first day, but there were still many more kids in need. Candy said she would be back, and she has fulfilled that promise over and over again. 
Thanks to Candy’s tireless efforts, good Sa-
maritans and generous businesses have do-nated hundreds of bikes. Now called the ‘‘Bike Angel,’’ she has even created a group, Bike Angels United, to help continue this outpouring of love and support for the children of Lake County. 
Candy said that the generosity people have 
shown in donating the bikes has been a ‘‘mir-acle.’’ This miracle, though, only happened be-cause of her caring, dedication, and energy. 
We want to express our deepest apprecia-
tion for Candy’s devotion to the children af-fected by the Valley Fire. What she has done is truly remarkable, and we wish her the very best as she continues her charitable work. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE AVON CHAM-
BER OF COMMERCE’S 50TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate 
the Avon Chamber of Commerce’s 50th anni-versary. 
Today, we recognize the Avon Chamber of 
Commerce for serving as a tireless advocate for our local businesses and an essential re-source for their leaders and employees. Over the past 50 years, the chamber has worked hard to create an environment that allows its members to flourish by providing advice, re-sources, and networking opportunities. Cur-rently, the Avon Chamber of Commerce rep-resents a diverse group of over 340 busi-nesses—both large and small—from every in-dustry. 
We here in the State of Connecticut are 
proud of our highly-skilled workforce, and Avon is an ideal location for companies who want to take advantage of this strength. Orga-nizations like the Avon Chamber of Commerce help businesses continue to grow, so that Connecticut’s economy is vibrant and competi-
tive for years to come. The Farmington Valley owes much to the Avon Chamber, and Con-necticut is a better state thanks to their advo-cacy. I look forward to continuing to work with the chamber as they continue to thrive and welcome more businesses into the region. 
Congratulations to Executive Director Lisa 
Bohman, Board President John Shea, the Board of Directors, staff and members of the Avon Chamber of Commerce on its 50th anni-versary. 
f 
JOAN SMITH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Joan Smith for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
Joan began as a Parent Resource Coun-
selor in 1992, but for the past 25 years has worked for Rocky Mountain Education Center at Red Rocks Community College. During her tenure, she wrote the first National Science Foundation Grants on behalf of the college both of which were funded and began the long and very successful relationship between NSF and Red Rocks Community College. 
As director of the OSHA Institute at Red 
Rocks Community College, she became pas-sionate in seeking solutions to the high fatality rate among oil and gas workers in the field. Joan worked nationally through the industry’s STEPS Network to convene a committee of oil and gas professionals from across the country to develop safety training programs for work-ers. She has also developed relationships be-tween the College and several international partners, including the countries of Jordan and Saudi Arabia. She worked with students, uni-versities, and employers in Jordan to create the first Solar Energy Technician and Occupa-tional Safety and Health Associates Degree programs through the Al Baqa Applied Univer-sity. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Joan 
Smith for receiving the 2015 Celebrate Women Award. Thank you for your leadership and service to the community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CHINESE-AMER-
ICAN PLANNING COUNCIL (CPC) 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay 
tribute to the Chinese-American Planning Council (CPC), which today celebrates 50 years of service to the Chinese-American, im-migrant and low-income communities in New York City. 
CPC was founded at the grassroots level 
and its roots are deep in New York’s Chinese American community. In the mid-1960s, as im-migration from Asia began steadily growing, CPC was launched and began counseling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.027 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1663 November 19, 2015 
families referred by local schools. As the 
agency developed, it began providing case management services to help recent arrivals adjust to their new homes. 
The organization grew rapidly and started 
providing important educational services to school-age children, including early child care. Shortly thereafter, CPC launched Project Reach, which provided programs for at-risk gang youth in Chinatown. Today that initiative offers services for youth of all backgrounds. 
Today, CPC has blossomed into a critical 
anchor in our community. Over 8,000 people are served every day through more than 50 programs in 33 locations throughout Manhat-tan, Brooklyn and Queens. Early childhood services provide a nurturing environment that offers young Chinese New Yorkers an envi-ronment to grow and learn. 
Workforce development initiatives create 
economic opportunity by providing our city’s residents with training, new skills and employ-ment placement. Through these efforts, over the past year, CPC assisted over 2,500 cli-ents, enrolling more than 525 of them into English as a Second Language classes and 
training over 200 others in construction, hospi-tality and luxury retail. 
CPC has also become an important safety 
net for some of our city’s seniors. Senior cen-ters in Manhattan and Queens ensure we are caring for and honoring New York’s elderly Chinese. The centers’ meals provide a popular reason for seniors to come together, while food is brought to those who are homebound. Programs focused on music, art and entertain-ment help keep seniors culturally and intellec-tually stimulated and engaged. 
Mr. Speaker, since its founding five decades 
ago, the Chinese-American Planning Council (CPC) has become an invaluable and critical force for good in our city. Today, it helps some of our most vulnerable neighbors, while strengthening our community overall and mak-ing New York a better place to live. I would ask my colleagues to join me in saluting CPC as it celebrates half a century of service to New York’s Chinese community and to our en-tire city. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE VET-
ERANS LEGAL SUPPORT ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the Veterans Legal Support Act of 2015, a bill to allow the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to provide certification and support to law school clinical programs that provide pro bono legal and support services to vet-erans, including, among other things, assist-ance with disability claims and appeals and foreclosures. There are already at least 22 law schools that have clinics devoted to veterans’ legal needs, including the William & Mary Law School Veterans Benefits Clinic, which serves as a national model for this idea, as the law clinic was the first in the nation to receive a ‘‘best practice’’ certification from the VA. There are many other law schools, such as the Uni-versity of the District of Columbia’s David A. Clarke School of Law, that are interested in starting their own VA-certified clinics. More than 600,000 veterans are waiting for 
their disability claims to be processed by the VA. With the assistance of lawyers and law professors, clinical programs provide free legal resources to assist veterans with processing their claims. My bill would merely build on what some law schools have begun to do for the last several years. More needs to be done to sustain and increase these programs. 
Just as we honored our veterans on Vet-
erans Day, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, a concrete measure that would assist our veterans, who have repeatedly put their lives on the line for this country, in their daily lives. 
f 
DAN ARVIZU 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Dr. Dan Arvizu for his ex-ceptional work as Director of the National Re-newable Energy Laboratory in Golden, Colo-rado. 
Dr. Arvizu is retiring this year, but his legacy 
of leadership and innovation will endure for many, many years to come. I want to take this moment to say thank you for outstanding stewardship of our nation’s premier energy ef-ficiency and renewable energy laboratory. 
In addition to his role at NREL, Dr. Arvizu is 
Chairman of the National Science Board, which is the governing board of the National Science Foundation. He will continue his role as Chairman of the National Science Board and he will also become a visiting professor at Stanford University. 
On behalf of everyone at NREL, the people 
of the state of Colorado, and the United States of America, let me say thank you for a job well done. We wish you all the best on the next steps of your journey. 
f 
HONORING MARY V. KING 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of my friend and colleague, Mary V. King. Mary was a lifelong resident of Oakland, California, and dedicated her life to public service. She passed away earlier this week. 
During her three-terms as the first African 
American County Supervisor for Alameda County, she authored many policies with last-ing impact on the Bay Area, including a val-ues-based budgeting process still in use by the county, and the King Plan for land-use, which is now considered a model for smart- growth. She also served as the chair of sev-eral community-based and regional commit-tees, including the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission’s (MTC’s) Bay Bridge Design Task Force. Among her many roles in public service, she worked tirelessly as the General Manager of the Alameda Contra Costa Transit District, often called the AC Transit District, carrying the agency 
through tough economic times. 
Mary and I became friends when we served 
together on MTC and worked together on the Caldecott Tunnel, which connects Alameda and Contra Costa counties and contributes to the economic development of our region. She used her considerable expertise in govern-ment to develop and advocate for efficient transportation systems, smart land-use plan-ning, housing, and other policies that have helped to create opportunities throughout the Bay Area. She also worked to improve eco-nomic conditions and social services for lower income residents, promoting health and edu-cation, and youth violence prevention pro-grams. The Mary V. King Health Education Center is named in her honor as part of the Eastmont Wellness Center in Oakland. She also founded the Alameda County ‘‘Women’s Hall of Fame Awards,’’ which recognizes the accomplishments of other women and has recognized more than 200 honorees. 
Among her many accolades, Mary has been 
awarded the ‘‘Lifetime Achievement Award’’ by the Conference of Minority Transportation Offi-cials, the ‘‘Allen E. Broussard Memorial Award for Outstanding Humanitarianism’’ by the Ala-meda County Bar Association, the ‘‘George Moscone Memorial Award’’ by the American Society of Public Administration, the Commu-nity Leaders, Recognition Award by the Black Elected Officials and Faith Based Leaders of the East Bay, and was named the ‘‘Legislator of the Year’’ in 1992 by the Arc of the United States. 
Mary is survived by her mother Victoria 
King, two daughters Kimberly and Vikki King, and two grandchildren. She leaves an indelible legacy on the East Bay, and will be greatly missed. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to celebrate the 
extraordinary life of Mary King, and I send my sincere and deepest condolences to her fam-ily, friends, and loved ones. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
JUDGE TALMADGE LITTLEJOHN 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the memory of Chancery Court Judge Talmadge Littlejohn of New Al-bany, Mississippi who joined his Heavenly Fa-ther on Monday, October 26, 2015. 
Judge Littlejohn had a long, distinguished 
career as a public servant, including service as a district attorney, state legislator, and chancery court judge. 
He served in our state house from 1960 to 
1964 and the state senate from 1964 to 1968. In 2010 he was honored by the Mississippi Bar for his 50 years of practicing law. He was in his fourth term as a judge in the First Chan-cery Court District of Mississippi, which in-cludes Alcorn, Itawamba, Lee, Monroe, Pontotoc, Prentiss, Tishomingo, and Union counties. 
Judge Littlejohn always conducted himself 
as a selfless public servant dedicated to ful-filling any task that was assigned to him. 
He was an active member of First Baptist 
Church of New Albany, where he faithfully 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.031 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1664 November 19, 2015 
served as a deacon and Sunday school teach-
er. Judge Littlejohn was a man of family, faith, and a servant of God. 
He is survived by his wife of 54 years, Julia 
Gray Littlejohn; his daughters, Lisa Gault (Phil) of Huntsville, Alabama and Christy Adair (Avery) of New Albany; his son, Bradley Littlejohn (Morgan) also of New Albany; his six grandchildren, Phillip Gault, Justin Gault, Katie Allison Gault, Julianne Littlejohn, Gray Littlejohn, and Ivy Littlejohn; one sister, Ivy Jean Weeden (John) of New Harmony; one aunt, Elaine Pannell of New Albany; and many nieces and nephews. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Judge 
Littlejohn’s family and friends during this dif-ficult time. 
f 
THANK YOU MIKE PODEGRACZ 
FOR YOUR SERVICE TO THE CITY OF HESPERIA 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, over my time rep-
resenting the citizens of California’s Eighth Congressional District, I have been able to spend time with and learn from some of the best community leaders America has to offer. 
Today I rise to speak about Mike 
Podegracz, the City Manager of the City of Hesperia. 
Mike was first appointed City Manager in 
2005. During his time as City Manager, he has overseen the completion of the Ranchero Un-derpass and Interchange projects, the G Ave-nue Lead Track and the completion of the Hesperia’s Civic Plaza Complex. Being fiscally conservative, Mike led the organization through the recession without staff layoffs while maintaining a balanced general fund budget. Having spent the first half of his ca-reer in the private sector, Mike understands the impact of superior customer service on the community, and places a special value on this trait across all city departments. Hesperia is a city known for its excellent customer service, and Mike has made this possible through all he has been able to accomplish. 
I wish Mike the best in all that is yet to 
come. He has left a huge imprint on the City of Hesperia and I’m proud to have worked with him. 
f 
MARYANN PROCTOR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize MaryAnn Proctor for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
Whether it was tutoring second graders 
through the Bring up Grades (BUGS) program or volunteering at the Tennyson Center for abused children, MaryAnn lived to help others. On a daily basis, she oversaw the complex operations of Propp Realty leading the staff and making business connections, not only 
from tenant to tenant, but with every person she met. She insisted on quality work, respect among coworkers, and encouraged potential leaders to conduct business fairly and profes-sionally. 
She served as a board member for the 
West Chamber, President-elect for Lakewood Kiwanis, a volunteer at ARC, The Action Cen-ter and Lakewood High School Key Club. Ad-ditionally, she served on several City of Lake-wood committees and belonged to the West Colfax Business District. MaryAnn unexpect-edly passed away at the end of 2014, leaving behind a tremendous legacy. 
Thank you for recognizing MaryAnn Proctor 
with the 2015 Celebrate Women Award. Her leadership and service to the community will forever be remembered. 
f 
MARKING 20 YEARS SINCE THE 
SIGNING OF THE DAYTON AGREEMENT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, No-
vember 21 will mark the 20th anniversary of the Dayton Agreement, which ended the con-flict in Bosnia-Herzegovina from 1992 to 1995. 
As a member and later Chairman of the 
Helsinki Commission, I remember those events vividly—many Bosnians and Serbs tes-tified before the Helsinki Commission in the 1990s (including victims of human rights abuses and human rights defenders) and some have since played leading roles as elected officials. In 1991, Frank Wolf and I vis-ited Vukovar in neighboring Croatia while it was still under siege. With a group of other Helsinki Commissioners and Members of Con-gress, I urged a decisive international re-sponse under U.S. leadership from the very beginning of the war. In 1995 we spearheaded a movement to lift the arms embargo on Bos-nia, so that it would not present such an invit-ing target to Serb militias. Sadly the embargo was lifted too late for the Bosniaks in Srebrenica. 
Just last month I met with a group of young 
Bosniaks belonging to Voices of the Bosnian Genocide. It was so moving to meet with these young people—many of them were from Srebrenica—and to learn how many of them had taken up work or study that sought to bring some good out of the horrors of 1995. Many studied human rights law, or conflict res-olution, or medicine. 
Their lives were shaped not only by 
Srebrenica but also by Dayton, which brought an end to the killing. Yet as public officials we have a responsibility to remember that robust action earlier in the conflict could have saved many more lives and produced better pros-pects for the future. 
Twenty years later, this Dayton anniversary 
offers the opportunity to assess what has been achieved in Bosnia-Herzegovina. The agreement should rightly be remembered for restoring a peace that has held to this day, and for ensuring the sovereignty, unity and territorial integrity of Bosnia-Herzegovina. Day-ton gave the country time to begin to heal from a horrific conflict infamous for ethnic cleansing and atrocities against innocent civil-
ians, including the genocide at Srebrenica— which we remembered with the unanimous passage of House Resolution 310 this past July—as well as the shelling of Sarajevo and other urban centers, and the rape and death camps established by Serb militant forces at the beginning of their aggression. In this small country, over two million were displaced by the conflict, more than 100,000 were killed, and tens of thousands were raped or tortured. Scars made by crimes of this scale still re-main. 
Dayton was a central part of an effort that 
helped the international community transition from a world divided between East and West in order to meeting post-Cold War challenges, including the extreme and violent nationalism and its inherent hatred for others which mani-fested itself elsewhere in the Balkans and Eu-rope. For the first time since World War II, an international tribunal was established to hold persons accountable for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide. Determining the fate of missing persons, using new tech-nology such as satellite photography to locate mass graves and DNA testing to identify re-mains, became a priority. The NATO Alliance, previously confined to the borders of its mem-ber states, expanded its security role to oper-ate ‘‘out of area,’’ first to restore peace and then to keep it. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe also evolved to in-clude significant field operations and new mandates ranging from election observation to police training. These developments remain relevant today. 
As we commemorate the accomplishments 
of Dayton, Mr. Speaker, we also must remem-ber that the people of Bosnia-Herzegovina must live in its wake. It is my hope that, at the 30th anniversary of the end of the conflict, Bosnia will have made more progress and we will have more to celebrate. 
f 
STATEMENT PUBLISHED BY MRS. 
MARYAM RAJAVI OF THE NA-TIONAL COUNCIL OF RESIST-ANCE OF IRAN, CONDEMNING THE RECENT TERROR ATTACKS IN PARIS 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I submit 
the following statement published in the Wash-ington Times on November 18, 2015, by Mrs. Maryam Rajavi of the National Council of Re-sistance of Iran, condemning the recent terror attacks in Paris. 
On behalf of the Iranian people and the Ira-
nian Resistance for freedom and democracy, I strongly condemn the terrorist attacks and massacre of defenseless people in Paris on November 13, 2015. 
I extend my condolences to the Republic’s 
President and government as well as the French people for the loss of life in these at-tacks, which are true examples of crime against humanity. 
I express my heartfelt sympathies to the 
victims’ families. Today, our hearts bleed for the French nation. The people of Iran deeply feel the bitterness of these crimes. 
In these difficult moments, the Iranian 
people can empathize with the French people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.034 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1665 November 19, 2015 
and share their grief, because for the past 37 
years they have been suffering under the re-ligious and terrorist dictatorship, which is the Godfather of ISIS. 
Today, humanity’s conscience is in shock 
and disbelief, wondering how such crimes can be committed in the name of God and under the banner of religion. 
Fundamentalism has nothing to do with 
Islam, whether it is under the pretext of Shi-ite extremism and religious tyranny or velayat-e faqih (absolute clerical rule) or under the pretext of Sunni extremism and Daesh (ISIS). 
Such inhumane crimes have no connection 
to Islam, and are evils that represent enmity to peace and humanity everywhere. 
Crimes committed by the religious fascism 
ruling Iran, including 120,000 political execu-tions, hostage-taking and export of ter-rorism, have nothing to do with Islam or the Iranian people. 
For this reason, I urge all Muslims to 
strongly condemn the crimes committed in Paris and to not allow the conduct of these ruthless terrorists to occur in the name of Islam and Muslims. 
I also call on them to stand firm against 
such extremism, which violates the true teachings of Islam. 
The Assad regime in Syria and its prime 
sponsor the mullahs ruling Iran are the chief sociopolitical enablers of ISIS, with their slaughter of 300,000 innocent people and dis-placing of more than half of the Syrian popu-lation. 
As long as this dictatorship rules in Da-
mascus with the backing of the religious fas-cism ruling Iran, ISIS will continue to thrive and extend its scourge of death from the Middle East to Europe. 
At the same time, Iran’s ruling mullahs, 
who are the primary beneficiaries of these crimes, are brazenly blaming the French government for the attacks. 
According to what they published in a 
news agency affiliated with the Islamic Rev-olutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), their de-mand is for France to abandon its firm pol-icy against the Assad dictatorship in light of the November 13th massacre and to instead ‘‘coordinate its efforts with the Islamic countries,’’ namely the mullahs in Tehran. 
In such circumstances, it has become in-
creasingly vital for France to insist on the removal of Bashar Assad from power and to adopt a more decisive policy in resolving the Syrian crisis. 
Experience has shown that firmness is the 
most effective and the only principled and correct approach to confronting terrorists. 
Once again, I extend my most sincere sym-
pathies to the people of France and pray for a speedy recover for the injured. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S VOW: ENDING 
VETERANS HOMELESSNESS BY 2015 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, Reps. 
CHARLES RANGEL (D–NY), S ANFORD BISHOP , 
Jr. (D–GA) and I rise within the 100 days re-maining to reaffirm our support for the Presi-dent’s Vow to End Veterans Homelessness by December 2015. We also reaffirm the First Lady and Dr. Biden’s White House Joining Forces Initiative aimed at supporting military families, and last year’s Mayor’s Challenge to End Homelessness among veterans. 
We also want to recognize the legendary 
Hon. C
HARLES RANGEL (D–NY), who was the first to call attention to our nation’s greatest 
failing ‘the plight of our homeless veterans’ in 1992, on the heels of the seminal report ‘He-roes Today, Homeless Tomorrow.’ That report revealed that 250,000 men, or one of every three single homeless men sleeping on the streets or in shelters, on any given night, were veterans and 40% were Black. Now, 23 years later the Hons. C
HARLES RANGEL , SANFORD  
BISHOP , Jr, and I convened the forum, ‘‘Presi-
dent’s Vow’’ to review the past 20 year’s ac-complishments and shortfalls against the backdrop of Rep. R
ANGEL ’s ‘Yesterday’s Mili-
tary Heroes Ought Not be Today’s Homeless,’ where high unemployment, homelessness, and health concerns prevailed. 
The forum successfully blended the Presi-
dent’s Vow and First Lady’s Mayor’s Chal-lenge, along with Congressional efforts, while placing Black and women veterans homeless-ness within the framework of the national dia-logue, or discussion. Furthermore, the forum succeeded in impressing upon lawmakers and the audience a fundamental truth that ‘race and gender matter’ in our comprehension of 21st century at-risk and homeless veterans. It argued the persuasive case of urban veterans’ homelessness, joblessness and incarceration, the link between homelessness, poverty and hunger among veterans across America, dis-parities in health outcomes for male and fe-male veterans, the triple disadvantages for Af-rican American female veterans, and the need for more case management services, transi-tional housing and permanent affordable hous-ing development. It also exposed the need for better case worker-to-veteran ratios. 
We began the forum with a musical prelude 
performed by David Bratton, known as the DC Lou Rawls, and the traditional military pre-senting of colors. In addition, Dr. James Averhart, Past President of the Montford Point Marine Association led us in the Pledge of Al-legiance, and Chaplain Michael McCoy, Asso-ciate Director of VA Chaplains offered the in-vocation and benediction. 
Congressman C
HARLES RANGEL (D–NY) 
then introduced Col. Nicole Malachowski, USAF, Iraq Combat Pilot and Executive Direc-tor of the White House Joining Forces Initia-tive, who brought greetings from First Lady Michelle Obama and Dr. Jill Biden as a morale booster. Accompanying greetings came from Hon. S
ANFORD BISHOP , Jr. (D–GA) and Hon. 
CORRINE BROWN ’s (D–FL), who also intro-
duced the new VA UnderSecretary for Health Dr. David Shulkin, MD for keynote remarks. Afterward, Congressman S
ANFORD BISHOP , Jr. 
(D–GA) introduced our impressive panelist and Executive Director Ron Armstead as mod-erator for the panel discussion to come. The panel discussion consisted of the following members: 
Col. Eugene Scott, USA, Ret., President of 
Chicago Defender Charities, started by focus-ing on the Chicago Defenders more than 100- year history in defense of the black commu-nity. However, he was more outspoken about veterans’ homelessness and in highlighting veterans’ hunger in Chicago. Georgia State Legislator Calvin Symre, who is also Past President, National Black Caucus of State Legislators (NBCSL) stated that NBCSL is for-mulating and leading discussions around homeless veterans policies with the White House and other agencies. The intention is to mobilize everyone at the state, city and local levels for support, because the struggle doesn’t end, and there is always the need for 
more people to be involved. Nan Roman, President/CEO, National Alliance to End Homelessness (NAEH), presented statistics on veterans homelessness and discussed the overrepresentation of African Americans, who represent only 10% of the general veterans’ population, adding that, although numbers ap-pear to be declining, there still is a discrep-ancy. Gregory Scott, President/CEO, New Di-rections for Veterans (ND), talked about his fa-ther (a troubled Korean war veteran) who died all too soon and about his family knowing nothing about PTSD, thus establishing the im-portance of the connection between veterans and their families, in identifying with not only the homeless, but with all struggling veterans. 
Baylee Crone, President/CEO, National Co-
alition for Homeless Veterans (NCHV) de-scribed the coalition, its services and its efforts to end chronic homelessness as well as the importance of listening to its founders, such as Ralph Cooper, M.Ed., a co-founder of NCHV, and others. Steve Peck, President/CEO of U.S. VETS, suggested the need for a long- range plan beyond December 2015. Carlyre Holder, President, National Association for 
Blacks in Crimination Justice (NABCJ), spoke about the criminal justice system and the need for reform—noting that President Barack Obama is the first president ever to visit a fed-eral prison—in addition to expressing the NABCJ’s support of social justice and vet-erans’ courts. Ed Jennings, Southeast Re-gional Director, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), indicated that the vast majority of the First Lady’s Mayor’s Challenge and state and other official signers come from the southeast region of HUD. The latest numbers being 555, out of 854 nation-ally from Region 4. 
The question-and-answer period was a live-
ly exchange between attendees and panel members reflecting motivation, stimulated thinking and enthusiasm; Anthony Love, VA Senior Advisor and Director of Community En-gagement remained throughout in order to an-swer questions and address concerns regard-ing homelessness. 
The Veterans Braintrust Homeless Forum 
was significant for its timing—we were 100 days away from the December 2015 deadline for ending veterans homelessness. And we are embracing the First Lady’s and Dr. Biden’s agenda, along with fulfilling our central mission of advocating nationally and articulating clearly the message that ‘‘Blacks are continually over-represented among the homeless veterans population, despite being only 10% of the gen-eral veterans population.’’ The key question— why are Black veterans disproportionately rep-resented among the homeless—remains es-sentially unanswered, as does the issue of why ‘‘women veterans are now the fastest growing segment of the homeless population, particularly single women with children.’’ Therefore, more needs to be done before the national media declares victory, and the ‘polit-ical and public will’ goes away. 
Although, we are watching the national 
homeless statistics in order to anticipate and formulate the next steps, we envisioned the forum as part of an ‘‘all hands on deck’’ effort and opportunity for enhancing homeless vet-erans policy, programs, services with outside- the-box problem solving. Yet, we realized that representatives from the DC area alone were absent for some unknown reason. Further, de-
spite not requesting the Friday morning forum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.037 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1666 November 19, 2015 
be recorded, we did manage to audio record 
the Saturday homeless advocates and pro-viders roundtable discussion as per Dr. Wil-liam Lawson’s advising the need to write, pub-lish and develop articles, policy papers, and talking points, as a way of contributing to the literature. Furthermore, charter member Tom Harris suggested that the recording be sent to members across the country, so it can be shared locally for people to hear and discuss. 
Most importantly, the forum feedback was 
highly favorable, with comments like ‘the forum was on point,’ ‘I learned so much,’ ‘great job,’ ‘increditable,’ ‘awesome,’ ‘phe-nomenal,’ ‘I thought it was great for Congres-sional representatives to focus on homeless veterans,’ ‘impressed with panel and listened intensely,’ ‘made good contacts,’ ‘well orga-nized,’ and ‘it was a one stop shop of informa-tion giving a broad perspective (from coast to coast), or a snap shot of black veterans sta-tus, or circumstantial situation, particularly for those of us on limited budgets and fixed in-comes.’ The general consensus was that we are making progress, but we still have work to do. Consequently, two tangible forum out-comes under serious consideration are 
crafting a position/policy paper and creating a new Veterans Braintrust Homeless Committee consisting of advocates and providers from the community or grassroots level. Also under consideration is planning a follow-up session with the strong support of the National Alliance to End Homelessness and others to include either a Capitol Hill Briefing and/or high level meetings with Congresswoman B
ROWN (D–FL) 
and other leaders in Congress. 
The Annual Gala Reception and Awards 
Ceremony was, as usual, ‘a standing room only’ affair in the Cannon House Office’s Room 334 (Veterans Hearing Room). With a musical showcase performed by DC’s Lou Rawls, followed by Congresswoman B
ROWN ’s 
welcome and introduction of Veterans Affairs personnel, committee staffers and Don Phil-lips, Minority Staff Director, House Committee on Veterans Affairs (HCVA), in addition to our very special guest Martin Luther King III, and Pastor Leon Bryant, Sr., who blessed the food. In his role as Master of Ceremonies Ex-ecutive Director Ron Armstead presented a series of gifts to Congresswoman B
ROWN : 
first, a mug inscribed ‘The Best Man for the Job is a Woman’; second, a civil war book ti-tled ‘‘Firebrand of Liberty—The Story of Two Black Regiments that Changed the Course of the Civil War’’ by Stephen V. Ash, and third, a special Josiah Walls citation on behalf of Dr. Frank Smith, Jr., Founder of the African Amer-ican Civil War Memorial Museum, located in Washington, DC. 
Deserving 2015 Awardees were: Andrae 
Bailey, Abraham House-El, Gregory Crawford, Dr. Sharon Elliott-Bynum, Duery Felton, Jr., Irvin Goodwin, Clifton Lewis, Bruce Marks, Ivan Mason, Wendy McClinton, Col. Eugene Scott, USA, Ret., Gregory Scott, M. William Sermons, Darryl Vincent, Cordell Walker, Mar-tha Watts, Alshi Williams, Larry Williams, A Step Forward, Inc., Catholic Charities St. Leo Campus for Veterans, Central Florida Com-mission on Homelessness, Final Salute, Inc., Greater Chicago Food Depository, Healing with CAARE, Inc., Joseph’s Place, National Al-liance to End Homelessness, National Asso-ciation of American Veterans, National Coali-tion for Homeless Veterans, Neighborhood As-sistance Corporation of America, Samuel L. Felton Community Center, The Jericho 
Project, United States Veteran Initiative (U.S. VETs), United Way of King County, United Way of the Chattahoochee Valley, Veterans on the Rise, Michigan Veterans Foundation, Stand Down House, Film: ‘Sweet Georgia Brown’ and Historical Group: National World War II Museum Traveling Exhibit: ‘Fight for the Right to Fight: The African American Experi-ence in World War II.’ 
The official awards ceremony concluded 
with the playing of Ray Charles’ rendition of ‘‘America the Beautiful,’’ coupled with times are ‘‘Changin’’ by Brass Construction to under-score the important historical changes taking place: from the Civil War to Josiah Walls, Flor-ida’s Black Congressman of Reconstruction, to the 50th Anniversary of the successful pas-sage of the Voting Rights Act, to Rep. B
ROWN ’s election to Congress after the pas-
sage of 127 years, and her present status as Ranking Democratic member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee. But, the recent Florida GOP redistricting plot and TVOne Ro-land Martin interview where she states ‘‘if you are not at the table, you are on the menu,’’ is cause to rethink the earlier musical premise. 
Special acknowledgements go to Ralph 
Cooper, Mel King, Pamela King, Eva Kerr, South End Technology Center at Tent City, Julius Hayes, Allene Carter, Dr. Fari Nzinga, Todd Williams, Ronald Jackson, Sr., Wendy McClinton, Larry Williams, Gregory Crawford, Jas Boothe, Irvin Goodwin, Dr. Virginia Brown, Dr. William Lawson, Prof. Joel Beeson, Prof. Chad Williams, Ernest Washington, Jr., Henry ‘Tabu’ Taylor, Bonnie Perry, T. Michael Sul-livan, Anthony Hawkins and Shantrel Brown; Congressional staffers Ronnie Simmons, Rontel Batie, Stephanie Anim-Yankah, Nick Martinelli, Chester Glover, Reginald McGill, Jackie Gray, Carla Wiley, Jonathan Halpern, William ‘Bill’ Golembiewski, Hannah Kim, and Reba Raffaelli. 
Finally, we close by quoting decorated Ko-
rean War veteran Rep. C
HARLES B. R ANGEL  
(D–NY)—‘‘No American let alone African American who serves this great nation de-serves to be left on the streets of America homeless or alone. And shouldn’t dispropor-tionate African American homeless veterans be a 21st century civil rights issue?’’ 
f 
JILL FELLMAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Jill Fellman for receiving the West Chamber’s 2015 Celebrate Women Award. This award celebrates local women leaders with drive, perseverance and service to their community. 
As a Jefferson County native, Jill attended 
Jefferson County schools and then became an educator in the Jefferson County public school system for 30 years. After retiring from her education career, Jill served as an elected member of the Jefferson County School Board of Education from November 2011 to Novem-ber 2015. 
Currently, she is a member of the Jefferson 
County Schools Foundation Board, the Audit Committee, the Wheat Ridge Education Alli-ance, and the City of Arvada Coordinating 
Council. She also serves as Secretary for the Arvada Community Food Bank board and is Vice Chair for the Sooper Credit Union Foun-dation board. With her endless amount of en-ergy and passion for first rate public edu-cation, she also serves on the board of Ar-vada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth and is an Edgewater Collective commu-nity partner. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Jill 
Fellman for receiving the 2015 Celebrate Women Award. Thank you for your leadership and service to the community. 
f 
CELEBRATING INTERNATIONAL 
EDUCATION WEEK AND RECOG-NIZING NORTH CAROLINA’S EF-FORTS TO ADVANCE GLOBAL EDUCATION 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
this week, November 16–20, marks the 16th annual International Education Week (IEW), which is a joint initiative of the U.S. Depart-ment of State and the U.S. Department of Education that serves as an opportunity to cel-ebrate the benefits of international education and exchange programs worldwide and en-courages participation in them. This important week is observed all across the United States and in more than 100 countries overseas. I want to recognize some of the efforts within my home state of North Carolina to provide a global education experience to as many stu-dents as possible. 
The theme of this year’s IEW is ‘Inter-
national Education: Advancing Access for All,’ which is critical because opportunities to learn global competency skills are not currently ac-cessible to all students. 
I want to call attention to the North Carolina 
State Board of Education, whose members help to guide NC’s global education efforts via their 2013 report, ‘Preparing Students for the World: Final Report of the State Board of Edu-cation’s Task Force on Global Education.’ As noted in this report, ‘‘Students in North Caro-lina are no longer preparing for future jobs in North Carolina. They are preparing to work and compete in a global workplace. The im-pact of cultural sensitivities and the capability to collaborate in a diverse international setting . . . cannot be understated. Our State Board of Education in North Carolina is rightfully fo-cusing on these skill areas, as they will be-come even bigger factors and differentiators in determining the future success of our stu-dents.’’ 
At least in part due to this statewide focus 
on global education, there are an increasing number of course offerings and enrollment in language studies and an increasing number of K–12 dual language/immersion programs in North Carolina. Today, there are at least 15 world languages being taught in our state’s K– 12 schools, including Chinese, Russian, Ara-bic and Hindi. And there are over 100 pro-grams—a number that is rapidly growing—uti-lizing several different learning models being implemented in school districts across the state. The State Board of Education recently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.039 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1667 November 19, 2015 
designated Piedmont Middle School as the 
first Global-Ready School under the Board’s Global Education Strategic Plan and 15 schools have indicated an intent to apply for this designation in the upcoming year. 
I am also proud that North Carolina is home 
to the nation’s first statewide Global Schools Network that serves to connect teachers, school administrators, non-profit and for-profit partners with a deep commitment to inter-national education and 21st century student preparation. The Network’s founding partner is 
VIF International Education, based in my dis-trict, an organization that supports the efforts of more than 180 Global Schools in 22 dis-tricts across the state. These schools are a mix of urban, rural, low-wealth, affluent, mag-net and traditional sites and each provides school-wide access to global learning experi-ences via international exchange programs, global competence training for all teachers, a school-wide global curriculum, virtual class-room to classroom partnerships, and/or dual- language/immersion programs. VIF’s mission of ‘Global Education for All’ serves as a ral-lying cry for the schools statewide. 
Our North Carolina universities further help 
to advance global competencies at the under-graduate and graduate level. For example, the statewide University of North Carolina (UNC) system hosts a myriad of global education programs, including World View, which provide daily proof of the positive impact of inter-national exchange. And the Center for Inter-national Understanding (CIU), a program of UNC General Administration, is working to de-velop a first-in-the-nation strategy for North Carolina’s business, government, nonprofits and educational institutions to strategically en-gage globally. 
Many of our state’s universities are also 
using IEW as an opportunity to inform stu-dents about how to participate in Study Abroad programs or other opportunities for international learning that encourage the ex-change of knowledge and understanding and promote enlightened and responsible global citizenship. The UNC system-to-system stu-dent exchange partners currently total 32 cam-puses in seven countries, and individual UNC campuses offer numerous additional opportu-nities for students to study or intern overseas. In the 2012–2013 academic year, more than 6,300 UNC system students participated in a study abroad program, studying in 89 known countries, and the percentage of students par-ticipating expected to increase in future years. Further, there are global certificate programs at 6 UNC campuses and most campuses are developing strategies to enhance such offer-ings. There are also countless faculty-to-fac-ulty interactions that occur across nations in a variety of ways, primarily through research. 
During this International Education Week, I 
rise to celebrate these and the many other North Carolina-based organizations that are working day-in and day-out to ensure that our state continues to benefit from the efforts of international education. Further, I re-state my commitment to working this week, and every week, to help ensure that global competence is the norm rather than the exception for every student. HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF 
BRIGADIER GENERAL FRED-ERICK R. PAYNE, JR., USMC, RET. ON THE OCCASION OF HIS PASSING 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor 
the life of Brigadier General Frederick ‘‘Fritz’’ R. Payne, Jr., a Marine Corps American Fight-er Ace, recipient of a Congressional Gold Medal, dedicated husband to the late Dorothy Payne, and proud father and grandfather. 
General Payne led a life centered on serv-
ice, commitment, and sacrifice. In May, I was honored to present General Payne with the Congressional Gold Medal for his dedicated service to the Marine Corps and status as the oldest living American Fighter Ace, an elite group of pilots having downed at least five enemy aircraft in battle. Time after time, Gen-eral Payne risked his life to preserve the free-dom of all Americans, and time after time, General Payne was successful in his mission. For this, I am grateful. 
In 1935, after graduating from the University 
of Arizona, Fritz joined the Marine Corps in an effort to pursue his dream of becoming a pilot. Not only did he achieve this dream, but after encountering fierce conflict over Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands Area, he also achieved status among the most elite fighter pilots, American Fighter Aces. Our freedom endures because of the bravery of men and women like General Payne. 
General Payne is survived by his two sons, 
Robert Payne and Dewitt Payne; daughter Elizabeth Ann Payne; and three grandchildren. His wife, Dorothy Payne, predeceased him in 2011. 
Mr. Speaker, General Payne’s selfless serv-
ice and vast military achievements in pursuit of the preservation of our American freedoms and ideals deserves acknowledgement. On behalf of all Americans, and in particular the residents of California’s 36th Congressional District, I would like to honor the life and mili-tary service of Brigadier General Federick ‘‘Fritz’’ R. Payne, Jr. 
f 
HONORING THE JOHNSON-PHELPS 
VFW POST #5220 ON THEIR 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Johnson-Phelps Veterans of Foreign Wars Post #5220 of Oak Lawn, Illinois for celebrating 80 years of existing as a commu-nity organization. I appreciate all the hard work the Johnson-Phelps VFW has done to assist our nation’s brave foreign war veterans. 
The VFW’s mission is, ‘‘To foster camara-
derie among United States veterans of over-seas conflicts; to serve our veterans, the mili-tary and our communities; [and] to advocate on behalf of all veterans.’’ The Johnson- Phelps VFW Post has excelled at fulfilling this mission by honoring the sacrifices of our vet-erans and admirably serving our community. 
The Johnson-Phelps Post was formed in 1945 by a group of veterans returning from the Sec-ond World War. The Post was named for Mr. Raymond Johnson and Mr. Leslie Phelps, both killed in action during WWII. The newly formed Post chose Mr. Johnson’s and Mr. Phelps’ names from a hat that included the names of all 23 men from the Oak Lawn area that were killed in the war. The current Post building was completed in 1951, built in large part by the Post’s own members. The John-son-Phelps Post later merged with six other posts in the Southwest Chicagoland area, the oldest of which was chartered in 1935. 
The Post’s achievement and dedication to 
service is made possible today by Com-mander Richard Bukowski, Sr. Vice Com-mander Thomas Krone, and Jr. Vice Com-mander Bryant Reed. Their dedication to serv-ing the community is shown through programs such as the well-known Voice of Democracy & Patriots Pen Scholarship Competitions. They also provide for the public by hosting and 
sponsoring important local events in our com-munity. 
Throughout the United States, and in the 
Third District of Illinois, the VFW has worked tirelessly to improve our communities and sup-port the needs of our war veterans. The VFW has repeatedly advocated for better medical care and benefits for veterans, and has been instrumental in the funding efforts for our na-tion’s war memorials. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the Johnson-Phelps VFW Post #5220 of Oak Lawn, Illinois for this significant achievement. The members of the VFW have done a tremendous job serving and rep-resenting the third district of Illinois and I wish them all the best. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
FAMILY CAREGIVERS MONTH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in rec-
ognition of November as National Family Caregivers Month, and to honor family care-givers in the Ninth Congressional District of Massachusetts and across the country. 
Every day, millions of Americans dedicate 
their time, energy, and resources to care for their loved ones. In the last year, it is esti-mated that over 43 million adults—parents, children, siblings, spouses, friends, and neigh-bors—have provided unpaid care to an adult or child in need. 
The tireless and selfless devotion of care-
givers allows millions of Americans to live a full—and fulfilling—life. Many caregivers bal-ance full-time careers and the many daily de-mands of modern life. Family caregivers pro-vide an estimated $450 billion in care and im-measurable support every year. Studies show that this not only provides health benefits and increases the life expectancy of those cared for, but can also increase the life expectancy for the caregivers by an average of nine months. As the number of older Americans rises, so too, will the number of caregivers. It is critical that legislators, regulators, and the general public unite to provide them with the resources—and respect—they deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO8.024 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1668 November 19, 2015 
As we take time this month to acknowledge 
the exceptional efforts of caregivers, I would like to make special note of the many organi-zations that advocate, develop best practice programs, and provide resources for millions of caregivers around the nation, including many in Massachusetts. The ARC of Greater Plymouth County, Friends Or Relatives With Autism and Related Disabilities (FORWARD), Alzheimer’s Family Support Center of Cape Cod, Coastline Elderly, and Old Colony Elder Services are but a few of the instrumental or-ganizations assisting caregivers in the Com-monwealth. 
Mr. Speaker, during National Family Care-
givers Month, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the dedication of caregivers and to pledge our continued support for their self-less efforts. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAPTAIN 
RHONDA R. POWELL 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to Captain Rhonda Powell, a daughter of Metro Atlanta, for her extraordinary service to the nation while serving in the United States Army for the past 23 years. 
Since the beginning of her career, Captain 
Powell exhibited a steadfast commitment and dedication to serving her country. A graduate of the University of Memphis and George Washington University, Captain Powell has been stationed in Fort Gillem, Fort Bragg, and is currently a congressional legislative liaison to the Office of the Chief, Army Reserve for the U.S. Department of Defense at the Pen-tagon. 
While deployed in Doha, Qatar from 2006– 
2007, Captain Powell served as the detach-ment commander of the 312th Adjutant Gen-eral Company in direct support of Operation Iraqi Freedom to Camp As Sayliyah. Captain Powell exhibited strong operational planning and intelligence analysis, and assumed duties as the officer in charge (OIC) of the Quick Re-action Force element on Camp As Sayliyah. She not only supported the health, welfare, morale, and development of her assigned sol-diers, but also led her team in rapid responses to threats and other developments on or near the base. 
In her current role interfacing with the U.S. 
Congress, Captain Powell used her experi-ence in military relations to establish the Sol-diers and Leaders United Through Engage-ments (SALUTE) Program. This unique and timely initiative helps connect Members of Congress with issues and experiences facing American soldiers. 
Upon her retirement next month, Captain 
Powell plans to return to her roots in Atlanta, where her parents still reside near Howell Mill Road, and to begin a new chapter of her life. Mr. Speaker, I join others in congratulating and thanking Captain Powell, for her service, perseverance, hard work, and contributions to our nation. I and the other residents of Geor-gia’s 5th Congressional District are happy and proud to welcome her home. TRIBUTE TO DR. BILLYE BROWN 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, as the first registered nurse elected to the U.S. Congress, I would like to take a moment to congratulate a remarkable woman for her remarkable devotion to the nursing community, as well as wish her a safe and happy 90th birthday. 
Dr. Billye Brown graduated from nursing 
school at Arkansas Baptist Hospital in Little Rock and received a Bachelor’s degree in Nursing Education from the University of Texas’ Medical Branch School of Nursing at Galveston, Texas. She earned her Master’s degree in Nursing Education from St. Louis University and a Doctor of Education degree from Baylor University in Waco, Texas. 
Internationally recognized as a leader in 
education and administration, Dr. Billye J. Brown has been at the forefront of nursing for more than 30 years through her achievements as both professor and dean at the University of Texas at Austin School of Nursing, and as a prominent leader in nursing’s most distin-guished professional organizations. 
In 2013, the American Nurses Credentialing 
Center, a subsidiary of the American Nurses Association, awarded Billye its prestigious President’s Award to honor her lifetime con-tributions to the nursing profession, including her support of original research in the 1980s that led to the establishment of ANCC’s Mag-net Recognition Program. 
During her years at The University of Texas 
at Austin, Billye was dean and professor of the School of Nursing for 17 years. Billye’s vision-ary approach to teaching and administration led to her appointment as the LaQuinta Motor Inns Centennial Professor in 1983 and her in-duction into the Hall of Fame at the University of Texas’ School of Nursing at Galveston in 1992. 
Her numerous professional awards and hon-
ors include being named Nurse of the Year by the Texas Nurses’ Association; her selection as one of the Most Influential Women in Edu-cation by the Austin American Statesman; and resolutions passed by the State of Texas Sen-ate and House of Representatives acknowl-edging her contributions to nursing. 
At the national and international level, Billye 
is widely respected for her service as past president of both the American Association of Colleges of Nursing and Sigma Theta Tau International (STTI). As chairman of the fund-raising task force for STTI, Billye led a suc-cessful multi-year campaign that produced more than $7 million in planned gifts. She was honored by the AACN with the Sister Berna-dette Armiger Award. 
In 1999, STTI selected Billye for the Mary 
Tolle Wright Award for Excellence in Leader-ship and announced the formation of the Billye Brown Society to pay homage to her dedica-tion to planned giving efforts that contribute to the advancement of scholarly nursing. She was recognized with the Nell J. Watts Lifetime Achievement in Nursing Award at the 2007 STTI Biennial Convention. Billye was recog-nized as the 2010 American Academy of Nursing Living Legend, and in 2011 she was selected to receive the prestigious National League for Nursing President’s Award for an 
Enduring Legacy in Nursing Education. 
Mr. Speaker, the only list more longer and 
more plentiful than the list of Billye’s profes-sional achievements is the list of people whose lives she has touched. She dedicated her life to nursing because it is a profession on the forefront of patient care, human inter-action, and practiced compassion. Her work is selfless, but she is so humble, she would never even say that. Her life is for others, but today is for her. May the R
ECORD recognize 
Dr. Billye Brown’s historic career and mile-stone birthday. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
DIABETES MONTH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize National Diabetes Month, during which we reflect on the importance of under-standing, treating, and caring for this serious condition. 
The diabetes endemic is a present and 
growing threat in today’s society. Close to 30 million Americans have diabetes, while an-other 86 million are pre-diabetic. According to the Centers for Disease Control, if current trends continue, 1 in 3 Americans will have di-abetes by 2050. 
The economic burden of diabetes, pre-dia-
betes and the largely preventable chronic dis-eases resulting from diabetes costs the United States approximately $245 billion. Many of these costs are associated with diabetes-re-lated complications, including kidney failure, blindness, and amputations. Diabetes is also a major cause of heart disease and stroke. 
To address this problem, it is critical that we 
make investments in diabetes prevention, care, and treatment. In my district and throughout the Commonwealth of Massachu-setts, citizens are benefiting from the excep-tional efforts of the Juvenile Diabetes Re-search Foundation and the New England Of-fice of the American Diabetes Association. These organizations are dedicated to raising awareness, providing support to patients and families, and funding promising diabetes re-search. Both of these organizations are also extraordinary advocates on behalf of families and individuals living with diabetes. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in honoring November as National Diabe-tes Month and in supporting diabetes research and care. 
f 
AMERICAN LEGION POST 117 
VETERANS DAY CEREMONY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
submit a Veterans Day speech written and de-livered by Mr. Don Hirst to American Legion Post 117 on Veterans Day 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO8.027 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1669 November 19, 2015 
[From American Legion Post 117 Veterans 
Day Ceremony, Nov. 11, 2015] 
AMERICAN LEGION POST117 V ETERANS DAY 
CEREMONY  
(By Don Hirst) 
Good morning and thank you all for com-
ing to Post 117’s Veterans Day Event. 
Let me start of by asking for a show of 
hands, to include family members and sur-viving spouses. Please leave them up until I’m finished with a few brief questions, if you can. 
How many of you are veterans of World 
War II? Of the Korean War? The Cold War? Vietnam? Grenada, Panama or similar ac-tions? Desert Storm? Afghanistan? Iraq? De-ployments to support any of those action or similar ones I’ve overlooked? 
Now look around the room. Quite a lot of 
hands, right? Okay, please put them down and relax while I make a few observations and comments. Everyone who raised a hand is a veteran, or a significant part of a vet-eran’s family. Some of you may even be both. 
Today is Veterans Day, and that’s why 
we’re gathered here and in tens of thousands of other places across the nation and the world: to mark an important date in Amer-ica’s history. For us, it’s a day that rep-resents a whole lot more than big sales at the supermarket, shopping mall or car deal-erships. Yeah, we all may take part in some of that, but we know to the core of our being that it’s intended to honor those who served the nation and served it well. You’re all part of that select group. Many of you bear scars, physical or otherwise, as a result of your service. 
So what does it mean to be a veteran? In 
the minds of a lot of folks, a veteran is some-one whose service is over, tour of duty ended. That’s a long way from the truth. Especially in today’s world, with all of the dangers and challenges that seem to be popping up every-where. Kind of like a grim version of Whack- a-Mole. 
As I sat writing this a couple of days ago, 
the news reports once again trumpeted more acts of violence against the nation’s citizens. Two American trainers—civilians but work-ing to help train police in Jordan, a U.S. ally headed by a courageous leader with exten-sive military experience and service—were gunned down in an apparent blue-on-blue at-tack. They were murdered by a Jordanian of-ficer. This wasn’t the first such case we’ve encountered in recent years and in different locations. It won’t be the last, either. You can take that to the bank. 
The list of incidents, both overseas and, in-
creasingly, at home here in the United States, grows with each flip of the calendar page. Unless you’re totally ignorant, obliv-ious or intellectually challenged—or a com-bination of all three—you sense with a grow-ing feeling of foreboding that we are at war. 
So what do we do about it? This isn’t the venue to get into partisan 
political discussions, something we’re not supposed to do at official events since we’re part of the American Legion and thus have nonprofit, tax-exempt status. We Legion members each have our own political beliefs, but we’re a nonpartisan organization. We do our politicking informally, over a beer, and at the local precinct ballot box each election day. As an aside, I hope all of you voted on November 3 and repeat that civic duty in the coming year. Voting is a precious right. That right was earned by blood sacrifices of the past, and is kept alive by the sacrifices that will come. 
But let’s get back to the ‘‘what do we do 
about it?’’ part. The situation is serious—and getting worse. The historian in me says that we arguably haven’t been in such perilous times since the 1930s. Back then we saw eco-
nomic chaos, the rise of Nazi Germany, Japa-nese militarism and a continued avoidance of taking action by the great democracies of the world. 
Finally, of course, we did act, winning a 
stunning, hard fought victory against the forces of pure evil. We won, and that’s a fact beyond dispute. But we paid a much higher price for that victory by not acting sooner, when decisive action may well have saved millions from a horrible fate. 
I think we’re at such a crossroads today. 
Even a casual glance at the headlines shows how dangerous it is right now. And it’s likely to get worse before it’s over. 
As the horizon grows darker, I believe it’s 
a good idea to take stock of where we are, what assets we have and what we can do about it. I’m not advocating forming a mili-tia of disgruntled, angry veterans or vigi-lante groups. But I am strongly urging us as free citizens, neighbors in the vibrant, close- knit communities of the Northern Neck, to stand up and stand together so that we are better prepared for what may come. 
It’s like insurance. You might not need it 
right this second, but when you do, it’s too late to buy a policy after the flood waters reach the second floor of your home or the volunteer fire department battles the blaze threatening your house. 
Now let me ask for one more show of 
hands. Are there any members of our local government, our sheriff’s department or other similar agencies here today? Please raise your hands. And if there aren’t any hands up, I expect that more than one person here today is acquainted with such folks and can help spread the word. 
You saw a few minutes ago how many peo-
ple raised their hands when I asked about prior military service. They’re veterans. They’re experienced. They’ve been in the tough places, done the tough jobs. And they’re an extremely valuable asset that shouldn’t be overlooked in future times of need. Those times could be months or years from now—or maybe never come. Or they could be this afternoon or tomorrow. Think Pearl Harbor. And 9–11. 
So I urge the local authorities to reach 
out, to connect with us, the veterans who are your friends and neighbors. We’re here, we’re near—and we’re something you should put in the emergency kit. This T-shirt I ordered [holds up T-shirt in front of the audience] came in the mail just in time for Veterans Day. Rather than wear it under my shirt, I wanted to use it to reinforce my point. I don’t know if you all can see it, but the in-scription on the back says, 
VETERAN. 
Don’t Think Because My Time Has Ended That I Won’t Suit Up Again & Protect This Flag Against Terrorism On American Soil 
I’d add protecting against other threats to 
the terrorism part, because that’s what we can do, too. 
At the dawn of the birth of our nation, a 
group of poorly armed patriots stood to-gether at Concord Bridge to fight for their freedom against the might of the British army. Standing strong against great odds also is the theme of the epic poem ‘‘Horatius at the Bridge’’ written by English poet Thomas Babington Macaulay in 1842. The poem tells of a time in ancient Rome when the citizens wanted self-rule against kings and tried to hold the city against the king’s attacking army. One bridge across the Tiber River had to be demolished by the defenders for the city to hold, but they needed time to do it. Horatius, a valiant Roman soldier, and two 
stalwart comrades-in-arms, stood shoulder- to-shoulder at that bridge. They bought the time needed. It was Winston Churchill’s fa-vorite poem, and a few short verses tell you why: 
Then out spake brave Horatius, 
the Captain at the Gate. ‘‘To every man upon this earth Death cometh soon or late. And how can man die better Than facing fearful odds For the ashes of his fathers And the temples of his gods. 
So saddle up, fellow veterans. We’ve got a job 
to do. See you at the bridge! 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIVE 
AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, since its des-
ignation in 1990, this month seeks to honor the influence of Native Americans in shaping American history, acknowledging the injustices wrought upon the many tribes, and looking for-ward so we can strive to forge a better future together for all. 
As we prepare to celebrate the 394th anni-
versary of the first Thanksgiving in Plymouth, Massachusetts, so too should we pay tribute to the significant contributions of the original Americans. As some of the earliest inhabitants of this beautiful land, the Native Americans paved the way for future settlements by mas-tering skilled ways of farming, discovering nat-ural medicines, and hunting. 
Their contributions to our shared history 
continued through the centuries; they have served in the Armed Forces during times of war and peace. Most notably, we celebrate the service of the Navajo Code Talkers during World War II, who ensured that our vital com-munications could not be decrypted by the enemy. Native Americans are woven into the nation’s fabric, having taught us new sports and craft such as lacrosse, canoeing, kayaking and snowshoeing, as well as pro-vided our shared culture with celebrated ath-letes, musicians, dancers, politicians, and many more. 
Mr. Speaker, Native American Heritage 
Month is an opportunity for us to reflect on the significant accomplishments of our proud Na-tive American tribes—including the Wampanoag and Aquinnah tribes in my dis-trict. I urge my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing all Native American tribes across the nation for their indomitable spirit and remark-able achievements. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL DAY FOR THE 
ELIMINATION OF VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and observe November 25th as the International Day for the Elimination of Vio-lence against Women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO8.030 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1670 November 19, 2015 
Last week, I introduced House Resolution 
519, which supports the ideals and goals of this day. November 25th is the start of the 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Vio-lence, which ends on December 10th—Human Rights Day. 
Time and time again, in periods of conflict 
and natural disaster, the most unspeakable cruelties are inflicted on the bodies of women and children. Whether in the house or in con-flict zones; whether by soldiers or by intimate partners—violence against women and girls is an ongoing cycle and a global threat which must be eliminated. 
Violence against women and girls are public 
health issues and egregious violations of human rights. The facts are startling. World-wide, 35 percent of women have experienced either intimate partner violence or non-partner sexual violence in their lifetime. 120 million girls worldwide have experienced sexual as-sault at some point in their lives. And accord-ing to the World Health Organization, women aged 15–44 are more at risk from rape and domestic violence, than cancer, car accidents, war, and malaria. 
In addition, women and girls are dispropor-
tionately impacted by natural disasters. Dis-placement settings exacerbate preexisting in-equalities, render women and girls even more vulnerable, and create greater barriers in their ability to benefit from relief, recovery, and long-term reconstruction and development ef-forts. As we saw during the humanitarian cri-ses in the Philippines, Nepal, Haiti, and the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, women and chil-dren are the most vulnerable populations to sexual violence and human trafficking. 
Violence upon, and trafficking of, women 
are the worst kind of atrocities. As we have seen in Rwanda and Bosnia-Herzegovina, and the Liberian refugee camps, sexual violence was rampant. Today, ISIL forces are system-atically raping and violating Yezidi women and girls. In addition, since the beginning of Syria’s conflict, reports have revealed patterns of gen-der-based violence perpetrated by both regime and opposition forces. Sadly, rapes in the Syr-ian refugee camps have also been reported. 
This violence must stop. Once and for all. Mr. Speaker, whether on the battlefield or in 
post-disaster areas, in the household or work-place; whether in refugee camps or sexual en-slavement camps—violence against women and children must be recognized and stopped around the world. 
Even though we recognize November 25th 
as the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, we should fight every day to end this violence against human rights. 
f 
THE INSTALLATION OF BISHOP 
MICHAEL CURRY 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, as a 
lifelong Episcopalian, I am filled with pride over the installation of Bishop Michael Curry, the first African-American leader of the U.S. Episcopal Church. His historic election comes at a challenging time in history for both the na-tion and the church. In response, Bishop Curry has valiantly pledged to take up ‘‘the serious work of racial reconciliation’’ in his new role and to strive for the ‘‘beloved community,’’ en-visioned by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. At a time when all denominations are struggling to rebuild declining memberships, his focus on both evangelism and inclusion marks an excit-ing new chapter for our church. I am su-premely confident that he is up to both tasks. 
I recently had the honor of welcoming to my 
Capitol Hill office the Right Rev. Peter Eaton, who is the new bishop coadjutor of the Epis-copal Diocese in Southeast Florida. He met with me and our own House of Representa-tives chaplain, my friend, the Rev. Patrick J. Conroy. Bishop Eaton comes to us from St. John’s Cathedral in Denver, Colorado, and I look forward to helping him get to know our church community. 
May God shine His light on both Bishop 
Curry and Bishop Eaton as they embrace their new vocations. TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM J. 
CALLAGHAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and remember the life of Mr. William ‘‘Bill’’ Callaghan. He passed away No-vember 16, 2015, at the Veterans Affairs (VA) Central Iowa Health Care System. Bill was the son of John Francis ‘‘Jack’’ Callaghan. Jack was the founding Director of the Iowa Law En-forcement Academy and longtime servant to the people of Iowa and Nebraska in the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation (FBI). 
Bill carried on this tradition of service to our 
nation entering the Army in 1970 serving in the 4th Infantry Division in the Vietnam War. After serving in Vietnam, Bill came back to Omaha to earn his Juris Doctor (JD) at Creighton Law School. He served as a Pros-ecuting Attorney in Webster City and Ottumwa, IA before becoming the Law Instruc-tor at the Iowa Law Enforcement Academy in 1984, where he served for 26 years impacting the lives of thousands of officers through his Iowa Criminal Code and United States Code classes. 
Bill married Jeanette Wagner in 1985 and 
they were blessed with a son, John R. Callaghan. Both Jeanette and John R. survive him. Jeanette is a retired music teacher and John, following in his father’s footsteps, is a Sergeant in the 4th Infantry Division of the United States Army, stationed at Ft. Carson, CO. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Mr. William 
J. Callaghan and his supportive family dem-onstrates the rewards of hard work, dedica-tion, and perseverance. I am honored to rep-resent great Iowans like Bill in the United States Congress. I know all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in honoring his memory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19NO8.031 E19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1240 Thursday, November 19, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 95, Adjournment Resolution. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8113–S8180 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-seven bills and four 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2305–2331, S. Res. 319–321, and S. Con. Res. 25. 
                                                                                    Pages S8159–60 
Measures Passed: 
Surface Transportation Extension Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 3996, to provide an extension of Fed-eral-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safe-ty, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund.
                                              Page S8126 
Program Management Improvement Account-
ability Act: Senate passed S. 1550, to amend title 
31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8171–73 
McConnell (for Ernst) Amendment No. 2873, rel-
ative to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.
                                                       Page S8172 
National Sea Grant College Program Amend-
ments Act: Senate passed S. 2328, to reauthorize and 
amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act. 
                                                                                    Pages S8173–74 
Drive Safer Sunday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
319, designating November 29, 2015, as ‘‘Drive Safer Sunday’’.
                                                     Pages S8174–75 
Adjournment Resolution: Senate agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 95, providing for a conditional adjourn-ment of the House of Representatives and a condi-tional recess or adjournment of the Senate. 
                                                                                            Page S8175 
National Entrepreneurs’ Day: Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 314, expressing support for designation of the third Tues-
day in November as ‘‘National Entrepreneurs’ Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S8175 
Measures Considered: 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-
ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 2577, mak-ing appropriations for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                    Pages S8119–24, S8126 
Pending: 
Collins/Reed Amendment No. 2812, in the nature 
of a substitute.                                                             Page S8119 
Collins/Reed Amendment No. 2813 (to Amend-
ment No. 2812), to make a technical amendment. 
                                                                                            Page S8119 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the motion to invoke cloture on Collins/ Reed Amendment No. 2812 (listed above), be with-drawn.
                                                                              Page S8126 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, be withdrawn.
                                                             Page S8126 
House Messages: 
Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care 
Act: Senate concurred in the amendment of the 
House to S. 599, to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. 
                                                                                            Page S8175 
Appointments: 
Congressional Award Board: The Chair, on be-
half of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appointed the following individual to the Congressional Award Board: Karlos R. LaSane II of Nevada.
                                         Page S8170 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19NO5.REC D19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1241 November 19, 2015 
By a unanimous vote of 95 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
309), Peter William Bodde, of Maryland, to be Am-bassador to Libya.
                                 Pages S8135, S8179–80 
Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Tajikistan. 
                                                                      Pages S8135, S8179–80 
Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambas-
sador to the Sultanate of Oman.    Pages S8135, S8179–80 
Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Uganda.             Pages S8135, S8179–80 
Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to 
the Kingdom of Swaziland.             Pages S8135, S8179–80 
H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to 
be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique. 
                                                                      Pages S8135, S8179–80 
Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a Di-
rector of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years. 
8 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-
ral. 
Routine lists in the Coast Guard. Shelly Colleen Lowe, of Arizona, to be a Member 
of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2018. 
Steven M. Wellner, of the District of Columbia, 
to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
William Ward Nooter, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
Juan Carlos Iturregui, of Maryland, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foundation for a term expiring June 26, 2020. 
Luis A. Viada, of New York, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Foun-dation for a term expiring September 20, 2018. 
Diane Helen Rodriguez, of California, to be a 
Member of the National Council on the Arts for a term expiring September 3, 2018. 
Francine Berman, of New York, to be a Member 
of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. 
Patricia Nelson Limerick, of Colorado, to be a 
Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2018. 
Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector 
General, United States Agency for International De-velopment. 
Victoria A. Lipnic, of Virginia, to be a Member 
of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2020. 
Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assist-
ant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training.
                                             Pages S8170–71, H8179–80 Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Georgette Mosbacher, of New York, to be a Mem-
ber of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018. 
Phillip H. Cullom, of Illinois, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of Defense. 
Daniel B. Maffei, of New York, to be a Federal 
Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2017. 
Swati A. Dandekar, of Iowa, to be United States 
Director of the Asian Development Bank, with the rank of Ambassador. 
Harry R. Hoglander, of Massachusetts, to be a 
Member of the National Mediation Board for a term expiring July 1, 2017. 
Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be a Member of 
the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2020. 
88 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, Foreign Service, and Navy.
           Pages S8176–79 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8157 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S8158 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S8158 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S8158 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S8158 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S8158–59 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S8159 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S8159 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8160–62 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8162–67 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8154–57 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S8167–70 
Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S8170 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8170 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—309)                                                                 Page S8135 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 95, at 6:34 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, Novem-ber 30, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S8175–76.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19NO5.REC D19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1242 November 19, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nominations of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, Franklin R. Parker, of Illi-nois, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and Stephen P. Welby, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Depart-ment of Defense, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act 
to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Riv-ers System, with an amendment; 
S. 556, to protect and enhance opportunities for 
recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to 
establish a bison management plan for Grand Can-yon National Park; 
S. 1583, to authorize the expansion of an existing 
hydroelectric project, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; 
S. 1592, to clarify the description of certain Fed-
eral land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National For-est; 
S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to au-
thorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to authorize, direct, 
expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado; 
S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to require a land 
conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colo-rado; 
S. 2046, to authorize the Federal Energy Regu-
latory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska; S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Public Land 
Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relat-ing to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wil-derness in the State of Oregon, with amendments; 
S. 2083, to extend the deadline for commence-
ment of construction of a hydroelectric project; 
H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior 
and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative juris-diction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search- and-recovery missions; 
H.R. 1324, to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho 
National Forest, Colorado; and 
The nominations of Suzette M. Kimball, of West 
Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey, Department of the Interior, and Vic-toria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an Assistant Secretary (Nuclear Energy), and Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, all of the Department of Energy. 
DEMOCRATIC TRANSITIONS IN 
SOUTHEAST ASIA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East 
Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine democratic transitions in Southeast Asia, after receiving testi-mony from Scott Busby, Deputy Assistant Secretary for East Asia and the Pacific, Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, and James Carouso, Act-ing Deputy Assistant Secretary for Maritime and Mainland Southeast Asian Affairs, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, both of the Department of State; Mark Green, International Republican Insti-tute, and Murray Hiebert, Center for Strategic and International Studies, both of Washington, D.C.; and Kelley Currie, Project 2049 Institute, Arlington, Virginia. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations 
concluded a hearing to examine human trafficking, after receiving testimony from Washington Deputy Attorney General Darwin P. Roberts, Olympia; and Yiota G. Souras, The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Alexandria, Virginia. 
IMPACT OF ISIS AND REFUGEE 
RESETTLEMENT 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
impact of ISIS on the homeland and refugee resettle-ment, after receiving testimony from Anne C. Rich-ard, Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19NO5.REC D19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1243 November 19, 2015 
Population, Refugees, and Migration; Leon Rodri-
guez, Director, Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, Department of Homeland Security; Peter Ber-gen, New America, and Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, Foundation for Defense of Democracies, both of Washington, D.C.; Brian Michael Jenkins, RAND Corporation, and Lavinia Limon, U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, both of Arlington, Vir-ginia; and Eric P. Schwartz, University of Minnesota 
Humphrey School of Public Affairs, Minneapolis. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 47 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4079–4126; and 11 resolutions, H.J. Res. 74; H. Con. Res. 95–99; and H. Res. 534–438, were introduced.
                                                Pages H8409–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8414–15 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 3842, to improve homeland security, includ-
ing domestic preparedness and response to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to provide training to first responders, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–343, Part 1); 
H.R. 2899, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to authorize the Office for Countering Vio-lent Extremism, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–344); 
H.R. 3490, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 114–345, Part 1); 
S. 611, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to 
reauthorize technical assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–346); 
H.R. 8, to modernize energy infrastructure, build 
a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government account-ability, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–347, Part 1); 
H.J. Res. 71, providing for congressional dis-
approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Util-ity Generating Units’’ (H. Rept. 114–348); and 
H.J. Res. 72, providing for congressional dis-
approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency relating to Carbon Pollution Emis-
sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’ (H. Rept. 114–349). 
                                                                                            Page H8409 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8365 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H8365, H8400 
FORM Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 3189, 
to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish re-quirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish re-quirements for certain activities of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, and to reform the man-ner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 641. Consideration began yesterday, November 18th.
                          Pages H8378–81 
Rejected the Matsui motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 242 noes, Roll No. 640.
                          Pages H8378–80 
H. Res. 529, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1210) and (H.R. 3189) was agreed to yesterday, November 18th. 
American SAFE Act of 2015: The House passed 
H.R. 4038, to require that supplemental certifi-cations and background investigations be completed prior to the admission of certain aliens as refugees, by a recorded vote of 289 ayes to 137 noes, Roll No. 643.
                                                                    Pages H8381–H8400 
Rejected the Thompson (MS) motion to recommit 
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 180 yeas to 244 nays, Roll No. 642. 
                                                                                    Pages H8397–99 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19NO5.REC D19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1244 November 19, 2015 
H. Res. 531, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 4038) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 639, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 243 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 638. 
                                                                                    Pages H8367–78 
Committee on Ways and Means—Communica-tion: Read a letter from Chairman Brady (TX) 
wherein he notified the House, pursuant to Section 8002 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in order to fill the House majority vacancy on the Joint Committee on Taxation created by the resignation of the Hon. Paul D. Ryan from the Committee, Rep-resentative Nunes has been designated to serve on the Committee.
                                                           Page H8400 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 95, providing for an conditional adjourn-ment of the House of Representatives and a condi-tional recess or adjournment of the Senate. 
                                                                                            Page H8402 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 5 p.m. on Friday, November 20th, unless it soon-er has received a message from the Senate transmit-ting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 95, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution.
                                   Page H8402 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today appears on page H8400. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8377–78, H8378, H8379–80, H8380–81, H8399, and H8399–H8400. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9:30 a.m. and at 
3:19 p.m., the House stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, November 30, 2015, pursuant to H. Con. Res. 95. 
Committee Meetings 
ADVANCING THE SCIENCE AND ACCEPTANCE OF AUTONOMY FOR FUTURE DEFENSE SYSTEMS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled Advancing the Science and Acceptance of Autonomy for Future Defense Systems’’. Testimony was heard from Greg L. Zacharias, Chief Scientist of the U.S. Air Force; Frank Kelley, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Unmanned Systems; and Jonathan Bornstein, Chief, Autonomous System Division, Ve-hicle Technology Directorate, U.S. Army Research Laboratory. U.S. PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS FOR 
SEASONAL INFLUENZA: HAS THE RESPONSE IMPROVED? 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled U.S. Public Health Preparedness for Seasonal Influ-enza: Has the Response Improved?’’. Testimony was heard from Anne Schuchat, Principal Deputy Direc-tor, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Karen Midthun, Director, Center for Biologics Eval-uation and Research, Food and Drug Administration; Robin Robinson, Director, Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority, Office of the As-sistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, De-partment of Health and Human Services; and Carole Heilman, Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Division of Microbiology and In-fectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health. 
THE DISRUPTER SERIES: THE FAST- 
EVOLVING USES AND ECONOMIC IMPACTS OF DRONES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled The Disrupter Series: The Fast-Evolving Uses and Economic Impacts of Drones’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE FINANCIAL 
STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL: DUE PROCESS AND TRANSPARENCY IN NO- BANK SIFI DESIGNATIONS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled Oversight of the Financial Stability Oversight Coun-cil: Due Process and Transparency in Non-Bank SIFI Designations’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN 
ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHILDREN: ENSURING ADMINISTRATION ACTION 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled The Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Chil-dren: Ensuring Administration Action’’. Testimony was heard from Michele Thoren Bond, Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. 
THE SYRIAN REFUGEE CRISIS AND ITS 
IMPACT ON THE SECURITY OF THE U.S. REFUGEE ADMISSIONS PROGRAM 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and Border Security held a hearing entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19NO5.REC D19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1245 November 19, 2015 
The Syrian Refugee Crisis and Its Impact on the Se-
curity of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program’’. Testimony was heard from Anne C. Richard, Assist-ant Secretary, Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration, Department of State; Leon Rodriguez, Director, United States Citizenship and Immigration Services; and public witnesses. 
IMPROVING SIZE STANDARDS FOR SMALL 
FARMERS AND RANCHERS 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Energy and Trade held a hearing entitled Improving Size Standards for Small Farmers and Ranchers’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Bost; and public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT CONFERENCE 
Conferees agreed to file a conference report on the dif-
ferences between the Senate and House passed versions of S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, with amendments. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
NOVEMBER 20, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19NO5.REC D19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1246 November 19, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, November 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and vote on con-firmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Monday, November 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet at 2 p.m. for 
legislative business. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1656 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1653 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1660 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E1665 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1662 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1658 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1654 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1655, E1661 Chaffetz, Jason, Utah, E1659 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1657 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1657 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1664 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1657 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1663 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1656 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1661 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E1657 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1660 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1654, E1662 
Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E1653 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1655 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E1669 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1653 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E1658 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1668 Keating, William R., Mass., E1667, E1668, E1669 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1663 Langevin, James R., R.I., E1659 Lewis, John, Ga., E1668 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1667 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1659 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1658 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1664 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1661 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1653, E1654, E1655, E1656, 
E1656, E1657, E1658, E1658 
Messer, Luke, Ind., E1654 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1659 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1653 
Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1663 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1659, E1660, E1660, E1661, 
E1662, E1662, E1663, E1664, E1666 
Price, David E., N.C., E1666 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1660 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1662 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1667 Sires, Albio, N.J., E1656 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1664 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1662 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1655 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1662 
Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1658 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E1670 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1668 Young, David, Iowa, E1655, E1670 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Nov 20, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19NO5.REC D19NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST