Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2823 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 2015 No. 72 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
May 12, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVE  
WOMACK to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
GROWING U.S. NATIONAL DEBT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
while we were in recess, I traveled through my district and had the oppor-tunity to appear on local television and to speak at civic clubs. Every time I mentioned that we have an $18 trillion debt, eastern North Carolinians were astounded and could not believe it. 
To put the debt into perspective, on 
January 20, 2009, the total Federal debt stood at $10.6 trillion. As of last Fri-day, May 8, 2015, it has risen to $18—an 
increase of $7.5 trillion. Our debt now stands at over $200,000 for every full- time private sector worker. I agree with my constituents that it is time Congress stopped passing legislation that is not paid for. 
Republicans have control of both 
Chambers of Congress now because vot-ers want us to cut the debt and deficit and stop passing legislation that is not paid for. 
In an April article for Forbes Maga-
zine, Stan Collender wrote: 
If you haven’t noticed that Congress is 
about to increase the Federal deficit sub-stantially, you haven’t been watching care-fully . . . or at all. Virtually every policy change that has already or soon will be con-sidered seriously in the House and Senate will make the deficit higher rather than lower. 
He further writes: 
Based on what Congress is now consid-
ering, the deficit could be $100 billion or more next year than it otherwise would be if you just put Washington on autopilot; that is, if you made no changes to existing tax and spending policies. That would be an al-most 21 percent increase. 
It is obvious that our current fiscal 
policies are unsustainable. 
Mr. Speaker, I have been speaking for 
months and even years about the waste of money in Afghanistan. It is sad to me that we have been pouring money down a rat hole known as Afghanistan. 
We have spent over $685 billion in Af-
ghanistan in the last 14 years, and President Obama just entered into a bi-lateral security agreement with Af-ghanistan late last year that ties us— our Nation—to a failed policy for an-other 9 years. 
What have we gained there, with over 
2,000 American troops killed, over 20,000 wounded, and billions of dollars spent? My answer to my own question is: nothing. Absolutely nothing. 
A couple of weeks ago, I visited Wal-
ter Reed Army Medical Center to meet some of our veterans who had been wounded and are trying to heal. Some 
have wounds that will never truly heal. 
Congress owes it to them—and all of 
our men and women who serve—and the American taxpayer to have a seri-ous debate about our future in Afghani-stan. I think it is high time to leave Afghanistan. Nine more years is abso-lutely fruitless. 
Mr. Speaker, out of fairness to Amer-
ican taxpayers and future generations, we can no longer delay the need to pay down our debt and work toward sound economic policies. And out of fairness to our veterans and the men and women who serve in the military, we need to have a serious debate about spending more money and time in Af-ghanistan, when it has been proven and is well known by historians to be the graveyard of empires. Is it worth it, Mr. Speaker? I think not. 
May God continue to bless our men 
and women in uniform and may God continue to bless America. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, as I rise 
on the floor of the House, the Senate is about to begin debate on trade pro-motion authority, which is Congress ceding all authority to the President to negotiate agreements secretly, bring them before these bodies, and to say take it or leave it, an ‘‘up-or-down’’ vote, no amendments—ceding our con-stitutional authority. I hope the Sen-ate turns him down. 
Now, the President went to Oregon 
last week, to Nike, who originated the idea of chasing cheap labor around the world and outsourcing U.S. production. He gave a speech. I wasn’t invited. That was fine with me. He went there to make fun of people like me who have fought these trade agreements for more than 20 years and have been more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.000 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2824 May 12, 2015 
right than wrong about the impacts of 
these trade agreements. 
He talked about labor, saying: Don’t 
worry. This is going to put enforceable labor provisions on Vietnam, where you can’t have a union, where you have child labor, prison labor, and you get paid 60 cents an hour. He says: We are going to fix all that. 
Well, I have read that chapter. I can’t 
talk about it. It is classified. But I can say this. It will be as effective in deal-ing with the abuses—and, Brunei is even worse than Vietnam—in Brunei or Vietnam, in terms of their labor and working conditions, as the recent U.S. Colombia Free Trade Agreement. Guess what? In Colombia, they still kill peo-ple who try and form unions, and we have no recourse against them. So it is not going to fix that problem. 
He says: Well, I was in law school 
when NAFTA passed, and these people are just living in the past. Well, unfor-tunately, you are bringing the past to the future. 
This agreement has been vetted by 
500 corporations in real time. They can put it on a big screen in their board-room, bring in all their lawyers and staff, and say: Let’s change these words. Let’s make it look like the labor stuff is enforceable, but then we put this here, and it isn’t. 
I can read it, too. I can go to the 
basement of this building and I can read it in secret, and I can’t talk about it. 
So this is an agreement that is for 
labor, for the environment, for con-sumers, when it is being written in cor-porate boardrooms and then submitted to the Special Trade Representative who then puts that text into a special agreement we can’t see? No, the Presi-dent is very, very wrong about that. 
He says we are wrong because we are 
making things up about undermining regulation, food safety, worker safety, and even financial regulations. Well, we are not. This has something called investor-state dispute resolution, which means anyone can challenge any U.S. law. Any foreign corporation, Jap-anese corporation, or Bruneian cor-poration can challenge a U.S. law in a secret tribunal staffed by lawyers who have no conflict of interest, no legal body underlying their decisions, and who one day represents corporations and the next day sit as judges. 
And he is right, they can’t make us 
repeal our laws. He is absolutely right. But they can make us pay to keep them. We had to pay hundreds of mil-lions of dollars to Brazil to keep sub-sidizing cotton in this country. 
Now, I wasn’t into subsidizing the 
cotton, but it really irks me that we were subsidizing it here, and because of the power of the farm lobby, we paid Brazil hundreds of millions of dollars to keep that subsidy. 
The Japanese were killing dolphins 
to catch tuna, and we passed a law to just label dolphin-safe tuna so con-sumers could decide, too. We had a big campaign with friendly dolphins. The Mexicans won in the same proc-
ess. They won a judgment against the United States of America—that it was an unfair trade barrier—and we had to pay the Mexicans to not fish for dol-phins. And then they appealed yet to another place and actually made us eliminate dolphin-safe altogether. 
Yes, it can undermine our labor laws, 
it can undermine our environmental laws, and it can undermine our con-sumer protection laws when they are challenged by a foreign corporation. So the President is yet wrong again. We are not making stuff up. 
Currency manipulation, the Japanese 
wall—every U.S. auto manufacturer knows about this. They manipulate currency. Therefore, their vehicles are $8,000 cheaper than they would be if their currency was fairly traded— $8,000—and we are going to compete on a level playing field? 
This agreement gives them full ac-
cess, with no tariffs, to our pickup truck market, which means the end of pickup truck manufacturing in Amer-ica. The iconic Fords and Chevys, for-get about it. They are gone with an $8,000 advance. 
We couldn’t put currency manipula-
tion into this and say that is not fair, because the Japanese didn’t want it. But they are giving us a big conces-sion. They are going to buy some American rice. Well, isn’t that great? We are trading tens of thousands of auto jobs for a few jobs working in the rice fields in California. And that will only last until the Japanese challenge the rice farmers. Because they get sub-sidized Federal water, they will ulti-mately be barred from the Japanese market because they will lose in a se-cret tribunal under this ISDS provi-sion. 
Finally, I have just got to wonder 
what the President is talking about when he says we are speculating and it is made up. 
Oh, Mexican trucks. I predicted when 
we had the agreement with Mexico that they would force us to let Mexican trucks drive freely in America. Guess what? We lost that, and they put tariffs on our goods because they couldn’t drive their trucks all around our coun-try. 
There is great precedence here. He 
hasn’t fixed a darned thing. He prob-ably hasn’t even read the agreement. 
f 
WOMEN’S HEALTH WEEK AND 
NATIONAL NURSES WEEK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Women’s Health Week and National Nurses Week. 
Yes, this week is Women’s Health 
Week—a time to raise awareness about manageable steps women can take to improve their health. 
Currently, one in five women is in 
fair or poor health, and almost 40 per-cent report struggling with mental 
health issues. Women are less likely than men to be employed full time, meaning they are less likely to be eli-gible for employer-based health bene-fits. 
Difficulty finding and maintaining 
employer-based coverage is especially pronounced for older women, who are more likely to develop conditions like breast cancer. But thanks to ObamaCare, women’s health took a monumental step forward. 
Before ObamaCare, insurance compa-
nies could discriminate against women, denying coverage to women—of course, to all people—due to preexisting condi-tions, such as cancer and even previous pregnancies. Today, being a woman or becoming pregnant is no longer a pre- existing condition. 
The National Women’s Law Center 
estimates that insurers’ practice of gender rating cost women about a bil-lion dollars a year before ObamaCare. ObamaCare ends gender rating. It re-quires health plans to cover women’s preventive services, like contraceptive care and OB/GYN visits, without cost sharing. 
Accessible contraceptive coverage is 
particularly important. Prior to ObamaCare, more than half of all women between the ages of 18 and 34 struggled to afford it. 
In addition, every health insurance 
plan is now required to offer maternity care. Prior to the passage of ObamaCare, the National Women’s Law Center found that only 12 percent of private plans included maternity serv-ices. 
And even without those major im-
provements, health care accessibility remains a challenge. Almost one out of three women reports not visiting a doc-tor due to the cost. 
Women are still less likely to be in-
sured than men. And even when they have insurance, women face increas-ingly high deductibles, copayments, and other cost sharing requirements, forcing major sacrifices just in order to make ends meet. 
A recent study found that over 40 
percent of women have unmet medical needs due to the cost of medical care. This problem is particularly acute in States that have not expanded Med-icaid. Currently, 3 million uninsured women live in States that have not ex-panded Medicaid coverage. 
So we have come so far in increasing 
access to affordable and adequate health care for women, but we still have a long way to go. 
This week is also National Nurses 
Week, and I can’t pass up the chance to recognize the important contributions that nurses make—improving women’s and men’s health care every day. After all, we might not have ObamaCare if it weren’t for the support and advocacy for nurses all across the country. 
This year’s National Nurses Week 
2015 theme is: ‘‘Ethical Practice. Qual-ity Care.’’ It recognizes the importance of ethics in nursing and acknowledges 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.002 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2825 May 12, 2015 
the strong commitment, compassion, 
and care nurses display in the practice of their profession. 
Registered Nurses, or RNs, are the 
largest segment of the health care workforce, with 3.1 million RNs, and that number is growing. RNs meet Americans’ health care needs on every level. They provide preventive care, such as screenings and immunizations; they diagnose, treat, and help to man-age chronic illnesses; and they help pa-tients make critical health decisions every day. But most importantly, nurses take the time to care for each patient during a difficult time in their or their family’s lives. 
b1215 
We have plenty of evidence that hir-
ing more nurses leads directly to im-proved quality care and patient out-comes. 
We have seen study after study show-
ing this connection, including a recent analysis showing that one out of every four unanticipated events that leads to death or injury are related to nurse understaffing; yet we continue to see nurses understaffed at medical facili-ties. 
Nurses around the country have iden-
tified understaffing as the single most important barrier they face in pro-viding quality care to their patients. It is also a barrier to quality improve-ment and efforts to reduce preventable readmissions. 
I have introduced legislation called 
the Safe Nurse Staffing for Patient Safety and Quality Care Act, which would help solve this serious problem by establishing a Federal minimum standard in all hospitals for direct care registered nurse to patient staffing ra-tios. 
This problem is not confined to hos-
pitals. Nursing homes are currently re-quired to only have a direct care nurse on staff 8 hours a day. This simply makes no sense. Patients are in these facilities 24 hours a day and need ac-cess to round-the-clock nursing care. That is why I have introduced the Put a Registered Nurse in the Nursing Home Act. 
We should be thanking nurses, who 
are considered the most ethical of our healthcare system, and I applaud them. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 16 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ) at 2 p.m. PRAYER 
Reverend Andrew Walton, Capitol 
Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: 
As the gavel sounds and a new day of 
business begins, we pause to acknowl-edge the eternal, creative, redemptive spirit of life that unites all people, transcending political persuasion, per-sonal bias, or cultural creed. 
We come seeking the wisdom of the 
ages that points us away from easy choices of rigid certitude that divide and separate but, rather, guides us to-ward challenging compromises of flexi-ble possibility that connect and unite. 
May we seek a common good where 
all people know freedom, equality, jus-tice, and mercy; a common good grounded in compassion, gratitude, and generosity. May we remember we are one human family in which the pain of one is the pain of all and the joy of one is the joy of all. 
May we find this common good in the 
conversations, deliberations, and achievements of this day and in the countless opportunities that come our way each and every day. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
EASTERN EUROPE PROMOTES 
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, last week, I was grateful to participate in a congressional delega-tion with congressional colleagues M
ADELEINE BORDALLO and R EIDRIBBLE , 
coordinated ably by Army Majors Bobby Cox and Jimmy Crook, to visit dynamic Eastern European allies. 
In the Czech Republic, it was heart-
warming to see the affection for Amer-ica at Pilsen upon the 70th anniversary of their liberation by the U.S. Army. 
M.K. Air Base in Romania is a sym-
bol of growing Romanian-U.S. defense cooperation. The heroic and coura-geous leaders at Kiev, Ukraine, were unified in facing Putin’s aggression where 7,000 civilians have been killed. Georgia’s proven partnership with 
NATO is confirmed with extraordinary service by their military for freedom and democracy. The Novo Selo training base in Bulgaria is world class, with young Bulgarians and Americans work-ing side by side to promote peace through strength. 
In each country, we were welcomed 
by dedicated U.S. Ambassadors, with talented Embassy personnel, pro-moting warm relationships with the new emerging democracies for the mu-tual benefit of all citizens. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President by his actions should never forget September the 11th in the global war on terror. 
f 
LET’S PASS THE HIGHWAY AND 
TRANSIT TRUST FUND BILL 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, House Republican leadership’s culture of governing crisis to crisis is endangering hundreds of thousands of American jobs and thousands of crit-ical construction projects across the country. 
There are only 7 legislative days left 
until the highway and transit trust fund expires on May 31, but there is no plan yet to act. According to the Amer-ican Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, 660,000 good- paying construction jobs are hanging in the balance; 6,000 critical construc-tion projects across the country are also being threatened. 
For too long, we have been stuck in 
these short-term patches that fail to meet the challenges of our Nation’s crumbling roads and bridges as other nations, our competitors, advance their infrastructure and pass us by leaps and bounds. 
We have got to get to work to fixing 
America’s crumbling roads and bridges. It is the job of the Congress to do this. We need to do our job. 
We continue to wait, as Democrats, 
for a plan that we can work together on to rebuild our crumbling infrastruc-ture. It is up to the Republican leader-ship to act, and I am calling upon them to do just that. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of Na-tional Police Week, when we remember the sacrifice of our Nation’s law en-forcement officers killed in the line of duty. 
This year’s commemoration falls dur-
ing a time of heightened tension be-tween our officers and the civilians they have sworn to protect, and it serves as a solemn reminder to all of us the importance of communication, duty, and mutual respect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.003 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2826 May 12, 2015 
Today and every day, we honor the 
lives of our fallen, including Officer Tommy Decker, of Cold Spring, Min-nesota, who was killed in the line of duty in 2012 while doing a welfare check. 
May they have eternal rest; may 
their legacy of service to their commu-nities live on, and may those they left behind find comfort and peace. 
Blessed are the peacemakers. 
f 
THE BAD HABIT OF PATCH 
FUNDING 
(Ms. NORTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, we are 
getting a bad habit of patch funding in 6-month increments what traditionally has been a 6-year surface transpor-tation bill. Virtually no major projects are underway in the Nation as a result. Six-month patch funding has produced patch roadwork. 
Worse, road and bridge funding, in 
turn, is delaying billions of dollars in development that can’t get started without new roads. 
The Washington Post showcased our 
example featuring overhaul of Union Station, which cannot proceed without a new bridge. 
Transportation funding delay is stop-
ping a lot more than transportation in-frastructure. Our districts need long- term reauthorization. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM VETERANS 
ADVOCATE OF THE OFFICE OF THE 18TH CONGRESSIONAL DIS-TRICT OF ILLINOIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Veterans Advocate of the Office of the 18th Congressional District of Illinois: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally pursuant to rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a grand jury subpoena for testimony issued by the United States Dis-trict Court for the Central District of Illi-nois. 
I have determined that compliance with 
the subpoena is consistent with the privi-leges and rights of the House. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL GILMORE , 
Veterans Advocate (IL–18). 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 12, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 12, 2015 at 9:38 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 651. 
That the Senate passed S. 179. That the Senate passed S. 136. That the Senate passed S. 994. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 16. Appointments: Board of Directors of Office of Compliance. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
MELANOMA AND SKIN CANCER DE-
TECTION AND PREVENTION MONTH 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, May is 
Melanoma and Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month. 
One person dies of melanoma every 
hour. There will be over 73,000 new cases of invasive melanoma in the United States this year. Early detec-tion is crucial to prevention. 
I would like to highlight a very brave 
constituent of mine, McKenna Fitzpatrick. She is in the fourth grade at Seven Oaks Elementary School and bravely faced skin cancer. 
Despite being so young, she detected 
her skin cancer early, had a biopsy, dealt with her diagnosis, and overcame the challenges. McKenna’s experience is a testament to the virtue of early de-tection. 
Take care of yourself when you are 
outside or any other time you may be exposed to UV light. This is extremely important for residents of Florida and people across the Nation. This summer, enjoy the beach safely and responsibly. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE IS HAPPENING 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, a 
new global record was set last week, but this is not a good record. The at-mospheric concentration of carbon di-oxide surpassed 400 parts per million for an entire month. This is the first time we have reached these levels in over 800,000 years. This is a serious and a potent reminder that we have not yet acted on climate change. 
The last time CO
2concentrations 
were this high, the world was a hotter place. There were forests in the Arctic, and sea levels were meters higher than they are today. 
Our planet is telling us that climate 
change is happening. We owe it to our constituents to put aside partisan dif-
ferences and to begin to work on solu-tions to this global problem. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHIEF 
FLOYD SIMPSON 
(Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I 
am here today to honor a friend who recently died in a motorcycle accident. On May 3, in my hometown of Corpus Christi, our police chief, Floyd Simp-son, died. 
Originally from Chicago, Chief Simp-
son felt drawn to Texas. As a 25-year veteran of the Dallas Police Depart-ment before moving to Corpus Christi, Chief Simpson established a reputation as a ‘‘legend in the department,’’ and according to his peers, he was an out-standing ‘‘human being, husband, and father.’’ 
He was a great communicator, regu-
larly appearing on the radio and at community events throughout the Coastal Bend. In his interview for the job of chief of police, Corpus Christi City Manager Ron Olson asked him to describe his values. Chief Simpson re-plied that faith comes first, family sec-ond, and everything else comes after that. 
In the wake of Chief Simpson’s pass-
ing, State and local officials are com-ing together to make State Highway 361 safer. Even in death, he will con-tinue to help keep others safe. 
My heart and prayers go out to 
Tanya, Chief Simpson’s wife of 27 years, and his children. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 13 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1601 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa) at 4 
o’clock and 1 minute p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 2250, LEGISLA-
TIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, from the 
Committee on Appropriations, sub-mitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–110) on the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.006 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2827 May 12, 2015 
REGULATORY INTEGRITY 
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 1732. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there ob-
jection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 231 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on 
the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1732. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) to preside over 
the Committee of the Whole. 
b1602 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and respon-sibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from 
Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong sup-
port of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integ-rity Protection Act. 
The Federal-State partnership Con-
gress created under the Clean Water Act has led to significantly improved water quality over the past four dec-ades. This is because Congress recog-nized that States should have the pri-mary responsibility of regulating waters within their own boundaries and that not all waters need to be sub-jected to Federal jurisdiction. These limits on Federal power have also been reaffirmed by the Supreme Court not once, but twice. 
However, last year, the EPA and the 
Corps of Engineers proposed a new rule that discards these limits. This pur-posefully vague rule will only increase confusion, increase uncertainty, in-crease lawsuits, and open up just about any water or wet area to Federal regu-lation. 
Don’t just take my word for it. At 
least 32 States, including Pennsyl-vania, are objecting to the rule as pro-posed. More than 1 million comments have been filed on this proposed rule, with approximately 70 percent of the substantive comments asking for the rule to be withdrawn or significantly modified. 
Mr. Chair, 370 individual counties and 
the National Association of Counties oppose the rule. The National League 
of Cities, the U.S. Conference of May-ors, and the National Association of Towns and Townships all oppose this rule. 
The majority of the regulated com-
munity opposes the rule, including the American Farm Bureau, the National Association of Home Builders, the As-sociated General Contractors of Amer-ica, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufac-turers, the Edison Electric Institute, the National Mining Association, and the American Road and Transportation Builders Association. 
This list of those opposed to this rule 
goes on and on and on. Not only do all these groups oppose the rule, but they all support H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. 
I will insert the list of supporters in 
the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD at this 
time. 
LETTERS OF SUPPORT FOR H .R. 1732 
AgriMark, American Farm Bureau Federa-
tion, American Public Works Association, American Road and Transportation Builders Association, Associated Builders and Con-tractors, Associated General Contractors of America, Association of American Railroads, Family Farm Alliance, International Coun-cil of Shopping Centers. 
National Alliance of Forest Owners, Na-
tional Association of Counties, National As-sociation of Homebuilders, National Associa-tion of Realtors, National Association of Re-gional Councils, National Association of Wheat Growers, National League of Cities, National Multifamily Housing Council, Na-tional Water Resources Association. 
Northeast Dairy Farmers Cooperatives, Or-
egon Dairy Farmers Association, Portland Cement Association, Select Milk Producers Inc, Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, The American Sugarbeet Growers Association, The United States Conference of Mayors, Virginia Poultry Federation, Waters Advocacy Coalition. 
National Association of Manufacturers. 
LIST OF SUPPORTERS FOR H .R. 1732 
Agricultural Retailers Association, Amer-
ican Exploration & Mining Association, American Farm Bureau Federation, Amer-ican Forest & Paper Association, American Gas Association, American Iron and Steel In-stitute, American Petroleum Institute, American Public Power Association, Amer-ican Road & Transportation Builders Asso-ciation, American Society of Golf Course Ar-chitects. 
Associated Builders and Contractors, The 
Associated General Contractors of America, Association of American Railroads, Associa-tion of Oil Pipe Lines, Club Managers Asso-ciation of America, Corn Refiners Associa-tion, CropLife America, Edison Electric In-stitute, Federal Forest Resources Coalition, The Fertilizer Institute. 
Florida Sugar Cane League, Foundation 
for Environmental and Economic Progress (FEEP), Golf Course Builders Association of America, Golf Course Superintendents Asso-ciation of America, The Independent Petro-leum Association of America (IPAA), Indus-trial Minerals Association—North America, International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC), International Liquid Terminals Asso-ciation (ILTA), Interstate Natural Gas Asso-ciation of America (INGAA), Irrigation Asso-ciation. 
Leading Builders of America, NAIOP, the 
Commercial Real Estate Development Asso-ciation, National Association of Home Build-
ers, National Association Association of Manufacturers, National Association of RE-ALTORS ®, National Association of State 
Department of Agriculture, National Cattle-men’s Beef Association, National Club Asso-ciation, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton. 
National Cotton Council, National Council 
of Farmer Cooperatives, National Golf Course Owners Association of America, Na-tional Industrial Sand Association, National Mining Association, National Multifamily Housing Council, National Oilseed Proc-essors Association, National Pork Producers Council (NPPC), National Rural Electric Co-operative Association, National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association (NSSGA). 
Portland Cement Association, Public 
Lands, Responsible Industry for a Sound En-vironment (RISE), Southeastern Lumber Manufacturers Association Southern Crop Production Association, Sports Turf Man-agers Association, Texas Wildlife Associa-tion, Treated Wood Council, United Egg Pro-ducers, U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I next want to read a 
quote from a constituent of mine, Marty Yahner, a farmer from Cambria County, Pennsylvania. 
‘‘This illegal power grab clearly goes 
far beyond the power granted to the EPA by Congress through the Clean Water Act. Farmers, like me, are very concerned about the proposal giving unprecedented power to government agencies over how farmers can use their land. I’m also worried that the proposed rules will adversely impact the next generation being able to farm.’’ 
That is not a Member of Congress. 
That is not a government official. That is a real-life farmer, and he has real concerns. 
This rule will have serious economic 
consequences not just for our farmers, but for many others. This rule will threaten jobs and result in costly liti-gation. It will restrict the rights of landowners and the rights of States and local governments to carry out their economic development plans. 
H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity 
Protection Act, requires the agencies to withdraw the flawed rule, consult with States and local governments and other stakeholders, and then use that input to develop and repropose a new rule that works. 
This bill gives the agencies, their 
State partners, and stakeholders an-other chance to work together and de-velop a rule that does what was in-tended, provide clarity. This is a 
chance to find the thoughtful, balanced regulatory approach that is necessary. 
We all want to protect our waters. 
With this bill, we have a chance to do that by restoring integrity to the rule-making process and restore common sense. 
With this bill, we have a chance to 
tell the administration, the EPA, and the Corps to do it right this time. 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 
1732, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in opposition to this bill, H.R. 
1732, very aptly name the RIP Act, rest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.009 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2828 May 12, 2015 
in peace—oh, no, the Regulatory Integ-
rity Protection Act. It will rest in peace. It would be inevitably vetoed if the Senate chose to take it up, which I don’t believe they will. 
We are being asked to vote on things 
here that no one has seen or read, and that is why we are here today. 
Now, the President wants us to vote 
on trade policy for the United States of America. I have read parts of it. Many Members haven’t read any of it, but no-body—probably very few have read all of it. The public hasn’t seen any of it. 
Here we are again today. We are 
being asked to vote on killing some-thing that nobody has read. No one in this Chamber knows what is in this rule. 
Now, I would not rise to support the 
rule as initially proposed. It was gar-bled, poorly presented, and I believe there were many problems that it would have created, and that was espe-cially distressing because it was a rule that was trying to fix something done in the Bush era. We are still dealing with the Bush era. 
Because of a 4–1–4 Supreme Court de-
cision, with two different tests for ju-risdictional waters and total confusion, the Bush administration decided to 
write a rule to interpret the Clean Water Act. 
When it was unveiled, it was opposed 
by all the groups that are supporting this bill today. They said: This is ridic-ulous. It is confusing. It just leaves way too much to interpretation. It can be applied in different ways in different parts of the country. There is no cer-tainty here. It is a mess. Get rid of it. 
Well, that didn’t happen, and the 
Obama administration, in response to the requests of all those groups, said: Okay. We will take a cut at it. 
Now, as I say, the first version was 
not very well done, and it raised more questions than it answered, but we now have at least some idea of some of the things this bill is going to do. 
It is not going to regulate your bird-
baths and ditches and all these other things that are out there on the Inter-net. In fact, it may solve real problems. We don’t know that, but we are going to repeal it before it happens. 
Now, here is a problem. This farmer 
in the South was made to go through the environmental review process and get a permit; yet farming and agricul-tural practices are supposed to be ex-empt. 
I showed this to the Republicans who 
were using this in a joint hearing with the Senate. I asked the EPA Adminis-trator and secretary of the Corps: Would this land, knowing it is agricul-tural land, be jurisdictional—they can’t tell us what is in their rule— under your rule? 
They said: No, that land would be ex-
empt. 
This person who had to go through a 
lengthy permitting process because of the confusion of the Bush guidance would not, under the proposed rule, have to go through any of that and could just go on farming. Thank you very much. 
Now, we are going to prevent him or 
her from getting that relief. Now, that is just one of the aspects of this rule that we know a little bit about—or at least we know the Administrator’s in-terpretation of that part of the rule, that it would fix a problem for farmers. 
I would suggest that there is a better 
way to proceed in the House, which would be let them publish the rule. If it solves a bunch of problems, great. If it solves a bunch of problems but still needs some tweaks, great. Let’s inter-vene. Let’s give them direction. 
If it is something that you and every-
body else feels we just can’t live with, that it is poorly done—instead of this confusing process we are going through here, which I am about to explain con-tradicts legislation just passed 2 weeks ago—we can do this: I have already had it drafted for you. You don’t need to take the time. It is less than a page. It is called a joint congressional resolu-tion of disapproval. 
Any major rule—this is a major 
rule—Congress has the right, under leg-islation that is 20 years old now, to re-ject it within 60 days. If the rule is not well written, once we see it and read it, you could reject it. What is the rush to repeal it before we have read it and we know what is in it? 
Well, there is a lot of political stuff 
going on around here. I would say it is just politics playing to the crowd and the fears of people who haven’t seen it or read it yet either, but they are wor-ried about what it might be. 
Well, it doesn’t go into effect imme-
diately, I will say to them. If it is bad, you can ask the same people that in-troduced this resolution, pass it forth-with, send it to the Senate, pass it forthwith, and that is the end of it, and we would start over. 
Now, there is one other confusing as-
pect here, and that is that, just 2 weeks ago, the House voted on this language, which says that the bill before us pur-ports to start the process over again, the fourth attempt at writing the rule with a whole lot more public hearings and everything, despite everything that has gone on to this point in time. 
Two weeks ago, an amendment to the 
Energy and Water appropriations said there can be no new rule development, so that is already in the bill. Unless that were taken out of the bill, what we are doing here today can’t happen. 
You can’t develop a new rule when it 
is precluded in the appropriations proc-ess, as passed by many of the people who are going to vote for this today. You have sort of contradicted yourself a little bit. 
It makes it a little problematic. Do a 
new rule, but you can’t do a new rule, so forget about it. What does that mean? We are stuck with the Bush guidance, which everybody hates and doesn’t work and subjects farmers to unnecessary permitting processes. 
I don’t call that exactly progress or 
acting in the best interest of the Amer-ican people and agriculture and a whole host of other people who might 
be impacted. I would just suggest that we forgo this little political dem-onstration today, just wait patiently for another 2 weeks when the trolls at OMB finally release the rule. 
It has been down there for months. 
We need to reform OMB, and I hope some on the other side of the aisle would like to help me there. We need a more transparent rulemaking process in this country. 
We should not rush ahead and not 
allow a rule to be published that might help people; and, if it doesn’t help peo-ple, then you can kill it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is 
now my honor to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), 
the chairman of the Agriculture Com-mittee. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate Chairman S
HUSTER ’s leader-
ship on this issue. It is important that we go ahead and kill this proposed rule now because it will go final coming out of OMB, and that is a wreck. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1732, 
the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. I cannot stress enough the importance of this legislation to stop the Obama administration’s Waters of the U.S. proposed rule and its dam-aging impacts on our country. 
This rule, in its current form, is a 
massive overreach of EPA’s authority and will impact nearly every farmer and rancher in America. It gives the EPA the ability to regulate essentially any body of water they want, including farm ponds and even ditches that are dry for most of the year. 
b1615 
Bottom line: under the EPA’s pro-
posed rule, nearly every body of water in the United States can be controlled by Federal regulators. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly support 
this legislation that forces the EPA and the Corps to stop moving forward with the proposed Waters of the U.S. rule and do as they should have done from the beginning—working with States and local stakeholders to de-velop a new and proper set of rec-ommendations. 
I urge support for H.R. 1732. It is im-
perative that the administration listen to rural America. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, as I 
said earlier, that gentleman hasn’t read the rule, I haven’t read the rule, and I don’t know how one can assert very specifically what it might or might not do if you haven’t read it when we have heard there have been major changes. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ), the ranking member of 
the subcommittee of jurisdiction. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Ranking Member D EFAZIO for 
the opportunity to rise in strong oppo-sition to H.R. 1732, the Regulatory In-tegrity Protection Act, for several rea-sons. First, frankly speaking, I oppose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.010 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2829 May 12, 2015 
the bill because it simply does not 
work. Just before the recess, the House passed the Energy and Water Appro-priations, as was pointed out by Mr. D
EFAZIO, that included a rider which I 
opposed that would prohibit the Army Corps of Engineers from using any ap-propriated funds to develop or imple-ment a change to the current rules that define the scope of Clean Water Act protections. Yet that is what the sponsors of H.R. 1732 say this bill is meant to do. 
The sponsors of this bill claim that it 
will not kill the ongoing rulemaking but only tells the Corps and EPA to do the rulemaking over again. Yet just 2 weeks ago, as was pointed out, the House voted to prevent the agency from taking any action to change the current rules. So which is it? Does the majority want the agencies to do the rulemaking over? Or do they want to kill any effort to change the current process that has been uniformly criti-cized by farmers, developers, other in-dustries, and environmental organiza-tions as unworkable, arbitrary, and costly? 
Secondly, I am opposed to H.R. 1732 
because it is yet another attempt to delay needed clarification to the scope of the Clean Water Act. Remember, the executive branch has been trying to clarify the scope of the Clean Water Act since January 2003. Now that is what, 15 years ago, roughly, since the Bush administration released their Ad-vance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for public comment. Since that time there have been six—again six—at-tempts by the executive branch to re-lease their interpretation of the Waters of the United States. 
We have waited 12 years for clarity. 
For 12 long years, Mr. Chairman, our Nation’s streams and rivers have been vulnerable to pollution and degrada-tion. For 12 years our government has spent millions of dollars working on bringing clarity to the decisions made by the Supreme Court. Delaying this further would cost our American tax-payers—all of us—many more millions of dollars and a lot of wasted time. 
Intervening now and forcing the ad-
ministration to start over again, par-ticularly when we are on the cusp of clarity, is reckless. For example, stop-ping the administration’s rulemaking to clarify the Clean Water Act could further impact the already dire cir-cumstances Western States are facing with prolonged drought. 
Mr. Chairman, 99.2 percent of my 
State in California drink water from public drinking water systems that rely on intermittent, ephemeral, and headwater streams. These streams are drying up in the West. And, to add in-sult to injury, our actions today would force the administration to withdraw a rule that protects those streams that provide drinking water for 117 million Americans. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. E
MMER of 
Minnesota). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, this legislation puts 
the legislative agenda of a well-heeled few ahead of the Nation’s—our tax-payers’—drinking water. It aims to protect the rights of speculators and developers over the need to conserve and reuse every precious drop of water that falls in our State. The bill poten-tially creates new opportunities for in-dividuals to overturn decades of West-ern water law for their own personal benefit. 
Mr. Chairman, many of us have had 
many concerns with the proposed rule—the original one. But I appreciate that the administration has addressed those concerns and most of the con-cerns of the States and the stake-holders. The administration has pledged to work with stakeholders on implementation of the rule once it is final, which should happen in the next few months. 
So, today, we will hear many plati-
tudes that this bill is not about killing the rule but about simply asking for public comment. Yet such statements ignore the fact that the House just passed a rider, as was pointed out, in the Energy and Water bill to block the bill from taking effect and blocking any change to the existing rulemaking or guidance. 
So, Mr. Chairman, today’s rhetoric 
that this is simply an attempt to gath-er more public comment is simply that—just words. I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 1732. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS), the chairman of the Water 
Resources and Environment Sub-committee, a gentleman who has put lots and lots of work into this issue over the past several months. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
strong support today for H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. 
One of the reasons that we are doing 
this bill today is to provide clarity and certainty for the regulated community. Following the SWANCC and Rapanos Supreme Court decisions, determining the appropriate scope of jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act has been confusing and unclear. Both the regu-lated community and the Supreme Court have called for a rulemaking that will provide such clarity. 
Last April, the EPA and Army Corps 
of Engineers published a rule in the Federal Register that, according to the agencies, would clarify the scope of Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. But in reality, this rule goes far beyond merely clarifying the scope of Federal jurisdiction under Clean Water Act programs. It amounts to a vast expansion of Federal jurisdic-tion. 
To the agencies, clarity is simple: ev-
erything is in. This is a clear expansion of the EPA’s jurisdiction under the 
Clean Water Act and flies in the face of two Supreme Court decisions, both of which told the agencies there are lim-its to Federal jurisdiction. 
The proposed rule misconstrues and 
manipulates the legal standards an-nounced in the SWANCC and Rapanos Supreme Court cases, effectively turn-ing those cases that place limits on Federal Clean Water Act jurisdiction into a justification for the agencies to expand their assertion of Federal au-thority over all waters and wet areas nationally. 
The agencies had an opportunity to 
develop clear and reasonable bright- line rules on which is jurisdictional versus not, but they instead chose to write many of the provisions in the proposed rule vaguely, in order to give Federal regulators substantial discre-tion to claim Federal jurisdiction over most any water or wet area whenever they want. This is dangerous because this vagueness will leave the regulated community without any clarity and certainty as to their regulatory status and will leave them exposed to citizen lawsuits. In addition, since many of these jurisdictional decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis, this will give the Federal regulators free rein to find jurisdiction. 
This rule, in essence, will establish a 
presumption that all waters are juris-dictional and will shift to property owners and others in the regulated community the burden of proving oth-erwise. This rule will set a very high bar for the regulated community to overcome. 
Mr. Chairman, the administration 
even explicitly acknowledges in its re-cently issued Statement of Administra-tion Policy for H.R. 1732 that it does not want the bill to constrain the agen-cies’ regulatory discretion. 
The Clean Water Act was originally 
intended as a cooperative partnership between States and the Federal Gov-ernment, with States responsible for the elimination, prevention, and over-sight of water pollution. This success-ful partnership has provided monu-mental improvements in water quality throughout the Nation since its 1972 enactment because not all waters need to be subject to Federal jurisdiction. However, this rule will undermine Fed-eral-State partnership and erode State authority by granting sweeping new Federal jurisdiction to waters never in-tended for regulation under the Clean Water Act. 
In promoting this rule, Mr. Chair-
man, the agencies are asserting that massive amounts of wetlands and stream miles are not being protected by the States and that this rule is needed to protect them. Yet the agen-cies continue to claim that no new waters will be covered by the rule-making, which raises the question of how can the rule protect those sup-posedly unprotected waters without vastly expanding Federal jurisdiction over them? The agencies are talking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.012 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2830 May 12, 2015 
out of both sides of their mouths. In re-
ality, however, States care about and are protective of their waters, and wet-lands and stream miles are not being left unprotected. 
Mr. Chairman, in addition to pro-
posing a rule that has sweeping rami-fications for the country, the agencies played fast and loose with the regu-latory process. The sequence and tim-ing of the actions the agencies have taken to develop this rule undermine the credibility of the rule and the proc-ess to develop it. 
Among other things, State and local 
governments and the regulated com-munity all have repeatedly expressed concern that the agencies have cut them out of the process and have failed to consult with them, first during the development of the agencies’ jurisdic-tion guidance, and now, in the develop-ment of the rule. 
Mr. Chairman, if the agencies had 
taken the time to consult with the State and local governments and actu-ally listen up front to the issues that our counties, cities, and townships are facing, we might not have had a pro-posed rule which, the agencies have ad-mitted to Congress in multiple hear-ings, creates confusion and uncer-tainty. 
If the agencies had followed the prop-
er regulatory process, we wouldn’t have a proposed rule that cuts corners on the economic analysis, used incom-plete data, and only looked at eco-nomic impacts of the rule on one of the 
many regulatory programs under the Clean Water Act. If the agencies had done things right the first time, the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee wouldn’t have had to re-spond to the more than 30 States and almost 400 counties who have requested the EPA withdraw or significantly re-vise the proposed Waters of the United States rule. If the agencies had done things right, substantive comments filed on the rule wouldn’t have been nearly 70 percent opposed to the rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. GIBBS. But the agencies didn’t 
do things right. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1732, the Regu-
latory Integrity Protection Act, gives the agencies, their State and local gov-ernment partners, and other stake-holders another chance to work to-gether to develop a rule that does what was intended—to provide clarity. 
This bill requires the agencies to 
withdraw the proposed rule and enter into a transparent and cooperative process with States, local govern-ments, and other stakeholders to write a new rule. This is what EPA should have done in the first place. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has again expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. GIBBS. The Regulatory Integrity 
Protection Act will ensure that the agencies cannot re-propose the same 
broken rule they released a year ago but does give the agencies an oppor-tunity to get it right. 
Mr. Chairman, I know my colleagues 
across the aisle all believe the agencies have heard the confusion and are com-mitted to changing the rule to respond to the stakeholders’ complaints. Unfor-tunately, the agencies have not pro-vided Members of Congress or stake-holders with any real assurance that that will happen. All they tell us is to trust them. 
In fact, at our joint hearing with the 
Senate earlier this year, when I asked Administrator McCarthy about wheth-er the public would have a chance to review all of the changes they promised to make before the rule goes final, she said they weren’t changing the rule enough to need to put it out for public comment again. 
In our committee, Mr. Chairman, we 
have repeatedly heard from our friends on the other side of the aisle that we need to wait until the rule is finalized before taking action. If the agencies have not made the changes that they promised, or if the changes they have made do not work, we have congres-sional authority to disapprove of the rule. 
While I appreciate my colleagues’ in-
terest in using the Congressional Re-view Act, waiting until the rule is fi-nalized doesn’t give us or the agencies a real chance to fix the problems that will be created. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has again expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. GIBBS. Not only would the 
President have to sign any disapproval resolution we pass, but there are legal scholars who believe if the Congres-sional Review Act did pass, the agen-cies would be barred from ever going back and doing another rulemaking, which would leave us in the position of being stuck in the same regulatory un-certainty we are in today. I don’t think I want this or any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want this. 
As I said in the beginning, the reason 
we are voting on the Regulatory Integ-rity Protection Act today is to get a rule that provides real clarity, that works for the States, that works for local governments, and that protects our waters. 
Nearly $220 billion in annual eco-
nomic investment is tied to section 404 permits. Even more economic invest-ment is tied to other Clean Water Act programs. I urge support for this bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has again expired. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
First, again, Mr. Chairman, I would 
remind the gentleman on the other side that we are not voting on the proposed rule. We are voting on a revised rule, and no Member of Congress nor any member of the potentially regulated community nor any member of any en-
vironmental group has seen or has knowledge of that rule. 
The gentleman reports that this sim-
ply tells them to go back again because they didn’t do enough. They had 700 days of public comments, and they ac-cepted 1,429 public comments that went into this. 
I would also remind the gentleman 
that I don’t know how he voted on the amendment, but on the Republican En-ergy and Water bill 2 weeks ago, we precluded developing any new rule, none, zero. So kill the one we haven’t seen, and you are stuck with the Bush guidance which everybody agrees is a disaster. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. 
N
ADLER ), a member of the committee. 
b1630 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 1732. This bill would halt efforts to clarify the scope of the Clean Water Act, a clarification necessary to pro-tect the environment, to protect wet-lands, and to protect drinking water for a third of the population. 
For over a decade, there has been 
great uncertainty about the jurisdic-tion of the Clean Water Act, particu-larly as it applies to wetlands and streams, as a result of Supreme Court decisions in 2001 and 2006, and of guid-ance documents issued under the Bush administration. 
In an effort to provide regulatory 
clarity—a goal universally shared by State and local governments, industry, agriculture, and environmental organi-zations—the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers have conducted a formal rulemaking process. 
The resulting clean water rule was 
proposed over a year ago and rep-resents the culmination of years of study, independent scientific review, and unprecedented public comment and outreach. Just as the rule is at OMB and before it has even been published so people could read it, this bill guts all that work and requires EPA and the Corps, essentially, to start over. 
The bill has no justifiable purpose. It 
kills the new rule before anyone has even had a chance to read it. It re-quires the agencies to conduct what ap-pears to be two additional public com-ment periods, bringing the total up to six public comment periods in the last decade. 
It requires the agencies to consult 
with stakeholders again, even though the rule was developed after 400 meet-ings with stakeholders, with comments filed by over 800,000 members of the public. 
My Republican colleagues are always 
complaining about regulatory uncer-tainty, the resulting increased costs on businesses, bureaucratic delay, and waste of taxpayer dollars; yet this bill is unnecessary, repetitive, and serves no legitimate purpose other than to delay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.013 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2831 May 12, 2015 
The harm it will cause is extensive. 
There is perhaps no greater responsi-bility than to protect the Nation’s water supply. This bill would leave our environmental resources unprotected and the drinking water for 117 million Americans at risk. The rule is up in the air, unread, unseen, undecided, and un-known. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle, all of a sudden, want to see this rule; but, when we passed the ObamaCare bill, nobody seemed to care about what it said in it. Again, this is new for me from my colleagues from the other side. 
I think one thing is for certain. When 
you have so many people, so many States—the State of New York, I be-lieve, is one that asked for significant 
revision—the counties, all these stake-holders crying out to have this rule significantly changed or do away with it is important to the American people. 
This bill does exactly what the gen-
tleman said. It delays this rule from going into place because it is a bad rule and will cause great economic harm to this country. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank Chairman S HUSTER  
and Chairman G IBBS for your leader-
ship on this important issue. I am an original cosponsor of this very impor-tant bill. 
Everyone in this Chamber, Mr. Chair-
man, supports clean water. That is why I was such a strong advocate for the EPA to designate a portion of the Ma-homet Aquifer in central Illinois as a sole source of drinking water, which was finalized just this past year. 
This proposed rule on the Waters of 
the U.S., this attempt by the EPA to expand its authority under the Clean Water Act to lands that are tradition-ally dry is an overreach and must be reined in. 
I am increasingly concerned of the 
trust gap between the EPA and the ag-ricultural community. Earlier this year, EPA Administrator McCarthy apologized to ag producers for not bringing them to the table when the Agency put out its interpretive rule on conservation practices, which the EPA and the Corps of Engineers ultimately withdrew. 
Unfortunately, this is just more evi-
dence of the haste with which the pro-posed rule was developed, without ap-propriately seeking and implementing all necessary stakeholder input. 
H.R. 1732 would require both the EPA 
and the Corps to withdraw the pro-posed rule, go back to the drawing board, and write a new rule with all stakeholders together. Frankly, this is what they should have done in the first place. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
First, I would correct the Record— 
and far be it for me to correct the chairman—but, actually, the attorney 
general of New York, on behalf of the State of New York, as one of our wit-nesses, testified in favor of going for-ward with the rule, so there were oth-ers who objected. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. The implementing 
agencies with their comments rejected the rule from New York. It sounds like New York is confused. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. New York may be con-
fused, and everybody is confused be-cause they have not seen what it is that they are objecting to and would, again, suggest that the best course of action would be to actually see it. 
The gentleman from Ohio brought up 
something very weird, saying that, somehow, if we used a simple resolu-tion of disapproval, they couldn’t write a new rule. 
He is confusing it with the bill you 
passed last year, which said that the rule is rejected and you can’t use any-thing you use to write that rule to write a new rule. A number of us raised questions about that at the time. You did pass that last year. That is prob-ably what he is thinking of. 
This is a simple resolution of dis-
approval. It would not have any impact on future actions of the Agency. 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank my colleague for yielding. 
I think the American public, Mr. 
Chairman, must be quite confused. This rulemaking that we are talking about is actually about clean water; it is about a rulemaking process that hasn’t been completed yet, and it is about a rule that we haven’t seen, so it seems sort of odd that we are standing here commenting on it. 
I just want to remind the other side 
that, thanks to the Clean Water Act, billions of pounds of pollution have been kept out of our rivers, and the number of waters that now meet clean water goals nationwide has actually doubled with direct benefits for drink-ing water, public health, recreation, and wildlife. 
This is especially true from my home 
State of Maryland that is within the six-State Chesapeake Bay Watershed and several of its tributaries, including the Anacostia, the Patuxent, Potomac, and Severn Rivers that flow through the Fourth Congressional District. 
The Chesapeake Bay Watershed is fed 
by 110,000 miles of creeks, rivers, and streams; and 70 percent of Marylanders get our drinking water from sources that rely on headwater or seasonal streams. Nationwide, 117 million peo-ple, or over a third of the total popu-lation, get our water from these waters. 
However, due to the two Supreme 
Court decisions that have been ref-erenced, there is, in fact, widespread confusion as to what falls under the protection of the Clean Water Act. 
That is precisely why this administra-tion is working to finalize their joint proposed rule clarifying the limits of Federal jurisdiction under the act. 
In fact, on April 6, the Army Corps of 
Engineers and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency submitted a revised clean water protection rule to the Of-fice of Management and Budget for final review. From my understanding, the final rule may be published in the Federal Register later this spring. I share the view that we want OMB to just get on with it. 
Mr. Chairman, the chairman has 
complained about the confusion in the litigation. That is precisely why we need to get through a final rulemaking, which has been years in the making. If the gentleman seeks clarity, let the ad-ministration just finish its job. 
That is what the Supreme Court in-
structed the Federal Government to do 14 years ago with the 2001 SWANCC de-cision and, subsequently, the 2006 Rapanos case. 
Along with those Supreme Court de-
cisions, the Bush administration, as has been said, followed the exact same process in issuing two guidance docu-ments in 2003 and 2008. In fact, they re-main in force today. 
It is, in fact, these two Bush-era 
guidance documents that have com-pounded the confusion, uncertainty, and increased compliance costs faced by our constituents—opponents and proponents alike—who all just say they want clarity. 
You don’t actually have to take my 
word for it. In fact, let me quote from the comments made by the American Farm Bureau Federation, something I don’t do quite often: 
With no clear regulatory definitions to 
guide their determinations, what has emerged is a hodgepodge of ad hoc and incon-sistent jurisdictional theories. 
Those are the words of the American 
Farm Bureau Federation. 
We all agree that it is confusing. Let 
the Obama administration finish what the Bush administration started and failed to do, and that is publish a rule that finalizes the rule that gives stake-holders the clarity they have been seeking for 14 years. 
Quite oddly, H.R. 1732 would actually 
halt the current rulemaking and re-quire the agencies to withdraw the pro-posed rule and restart the rulemaking process. This is after 1 million public comments, a 208-day comment period, and over 400 public meetings. 
In appearances before the Senate, 
House, and joint committees, high- ranking Agency officials have testified that the revised rule will address many of the concerns expressed during the public comment period. They have also stated that the revised rule will pro-vide greater clarity to the current per-mitting process, reduce regulatory cost, and ensure more exacting protec-tions over U.S. waters. 
The bill that we are talking about 
would actually force the agencies to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.015 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2832 May 12, 2015 
meet with the same stakeholders again 
and talk about the same issues again that they have already discussed sev-eral times over the last 14 years since the first Supreme Court decision—what a colossal waste of time and taxpayer money. Actually, the other side should be ashamed if they put a cost to re-starting the procedure. 
In fact, the rulemaking has been 
more than a decade, as we have de-scribed, in development. We need to let the administration get on with its work. As others have pointed out, just 2 weeks ago, the House passed—and I opposed it; many of our colleagues op-posed it—the Energy and Water Appro-priations bill 
It contained a policy rider that ex-
plicitly prohibits the Corps from spend-ing any money to develop the same new clean water rule that this bill wants us to restart. Let me repeat that. The House has already passed a provision that states the Corps can use no money not just this fiscal year, but in future fiscal years, going forward in perpetuity. 
Republicans try to make it sound as 
if all they want is for the EPA and the Corps to develop new rules right away, but it is really clear that what they want to do is stop these agencies from doing their jobs at all—no new rules and no clean water, what a shame. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I have great regard for the gentle-
woman from Maryland. I know that the Chesapeake Bay is incredibly impor-tant to not only Maryland, but the United States. The watershed I live in, much of it drains into the Susquehanna that flows into the Chesapeake, so we are very concerned in Pennsylvania about wanting to have clean water. 
We also want to have an agriculture 
community prospering in Pennsyl-vania. They spent millions of dollars to try to clean it up. 
Again, this notion that we haven’t 
seen the rule is not that clear because we have. It is not clear to what the Democrats are saying. What we are saying is we have seen a proposed rule. We have seen a proposed rule. 
Because they are not going to make 
substantial changes to the proposed rule, that means, if they were making substantial changes, they would have to come back and reopen this up and have a significant comment period, but they are not doing that. 
Basically, the proposed rule is going 
to be very similar to the final rule. That is what scares the heck out of people—the farmers, builders, people across this country, landowners. This bill does force the EPA and the Corps to go back in and talk to the stake-holders because of the million com-ments. Seventy percent were ignored. They said revise or significantly change this. They ignored 70 percent of 
those million comments. 
I am encouraging all Members to sup-
port this. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), a leader 
on this issue. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I support wetlands, and I support clean water. I spent much of my career actually working to restore coastal wetlands in Louisiana. 
The irony here is that the agencies 
that are proposing this rule are actu-ally the same agencies that right now are the largest cause of wetlands loss in the United States on the way they manage the Mississippi River system. The hypocrisy here is absolutely unbe-lievable. 
This proposed rule goes outside the 
bounds of the law, the law which states ‘‘navigable waters.’’ Read this defini-tion. It clearly goes beyond the scope of the parameters of the law. It goes outside the scope of jurisprudence. 
Taking a pass right now would be a 
dereliction of duty. An ounce of pre-vention is worth a pound of cure. We know what this rule is. We have had the EPA; we have had the Corps of En-gineers before our committee, and it is crystal clear the direction this is going in. 
Even the sister agency of the EPA 
and the Corps of Engineers, the Small Business Administration, has indicated that the cost estimate complying with this regulation goes well beyond the higher cost than that done by the EPA and the Corps of Engineers. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield an additional 
30 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. The home 
State I represent, Louisiana, the wa-tershed goes from the State of Mon-tana to New York and comes all the way down. You can take this proposed definition, and you can basically apply it to 90 percent of the lands in south Louisiana. 
This bill simply requires consulta-
tion with stakeholders, consultation with the property owners. This is a tax. This is a taking of private property. Mr. Chairman, I want to state: This is private property; this is people’s homes; it is people’s farms; it is peo-ple’s small businesses, and it is imped-ing their ability to achieve the Amer-ican Dream. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this 
bill. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
b1645 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, the 
EPA has, once again, lost all common sense as it has decided unilaterally to redefine Waters of the U.S. 
Under its proposed rule change, 
Waters of the U.S. would now be de-fined to include smaller bodies of water and even some dry land. This new defi-nition would extend the EPA’s regu-latory reach to seemingly any body of water, including that water puddled in your ditch after a rainstorm. You heard me right. Let me put it another way for an 
even better understanding. This rule is so broad that it could very well require you to get permission from a Federal bureaucrat before acting on your prop-erty. Small-business owners, farmers, Realtors, and homebuilders all agree that this bill is bad for business in southeastern North Carolina. 
For those reasons, I am a cosponsor 
of this bill, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, which requires the EPA to scrap its current proposal and start anew by engaging stakeholders who are actually affected by this rule. 
Mr. Chairman, common sense has had 
its share of setbacks in this country. Let’s not let this rule be another one. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I thank the chairman for his fine leadership. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is 
now my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the distinguished majority 
leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding, and I thank the chairman for his work on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, there is a simple truth 
that exists at all times and in every place: the bigger the government, the smaller the citizen. That is especially true when it comes to regulations. When the bureaucracy makes more rules, those rules limit the freedom and opportunities of real people—people who are just trying to work hard, make a living, and support themselves and their families. 
Frankly, the EPA has crossed the 
line with this proposed water rule. It has crossed the line constitutionally, and it has crossed a line by hurting people and threatening their liveli-hoods and private property. 
Let me tell you a story about a place 
back in my district called Sandy Creek. It is named Sandy Creek for a reason; it has been dry for over 30 years. With the drought in California, there is no time soon that water is coming. 
Now, long before this proposed rule 
that would expand the EPA’s power even more, the EPA tried to regulate Sandy Creek. That would have added more costs to the people who owned the land. It would have meant more pa-perwork, Federal permits, compliance, and Federal regulators snooping around. 
It took me years to finally get the 
EPA to stop. Do you know how I got them to stop? I had to have an indi-vidual come to Taft, California, get in my car, drive out, and walk in Sandy Creek, throughout the sand, before he believed there was no water to regu-late. 
Mr. Chairman, can you imagine what 
the EPA would try and do if they even had more authority to regulate things outside their jurisdiction? 
These are the actions of an adminis-
tration that is unaccountable and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.016 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2833 May 12, 2015 
doesn’t care about the freedom and 
prosperity of its citizens. This is an ad-ministration that cares more about regulation than reform, that cares more about power than it does about people. 
The House is going to pass a bill to 
stop this rule, this abuse of power. We are going to stop this regulation for all of the hard-working Americans who are tired of this Agency’s power grabs just for the sake of power. 
We are going to try to do it for all 
who wish they could have control over their own lives. The EPA doesn’t need any more power, Mr. Chairman, the people do. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
90 seconds to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. I thank the 
chairman for his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak 
in favor of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory In-tegrity Protection Act of 2015. 
We hear that this is all about clean 
water. This is about clean water, and we all want clean water. It is an issue that should not be demagogued in this debate. We all want clean water. We have kids, and we have mothers and fa-thers and grandparents. 
This is about a process. It is about a 
process that needs to be transparent, and it is about where stakeholders are at the table. Who are these stake-holders? They are Americans. They are our farmers, our ranchers, the folks who put food on our tables; they are developers and construction workers who build our homes. 
This has amazing implications if we 
don’t get this rule right, Mr. Chairman. Can you imagine the EPA’s requiring farmers to have to get a permit to tile during a season? Can you imagine how long that could take? Your season could be too late to plant. What would that do to land value? to commodity prices? 
We have to get this right. I rise in 
support of this bill as it is a common-sense, smart bill. We can do it to-gether. We can get it right. The Amer-ican people must be heard. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from California has 10
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the chairman 
for his leadership on this issue as it is so important to our farmers and busi-nesses in Georgia. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to address 
the gross regulatory overreach of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers regarding the proposed Waters of the United States rule. Under the rule’s proposed changes to 
the Clean Water Act, the Federal Gov-ernment would have the power to regu-late virtually any place water flows in the United States. This is not about clean water. 
This includes things like creeks, 
streams, and groundwater but also manmade waterways like a fish pond, irrigation pipes, and dry ditching to harvest timber. If not stopped, this overreach will have damaging con-sequences for economic growth and jobs. 
In Georgia’s 12th District, many 
farmers and businesses are concerned about their ability to comply with these Federal mandates while main-taining their livelihoods. The Waters of the United States rule will grant the Federal Government power to dictate land use decisions, as well as farming practices, making it even more dif-ficult to maintain a competitive and profitable farm or business. 
I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 1732, 
and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to how much time I have re-
maining? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania has 9 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, there is something ter-ribly wrong when the Federal Govern-ment is attempting to regulate our Na-tion’s puddles, streams, and ditches. 
The proposed rule that the Obama 
administration issued last year would, unfortunately, give the EPA the power to do just that. This rule would rede-fine the Waters of the United States under the Clean Water Act and signifi-cantly increase the Federal Govern-ment’s jurisdiction over waters never intended for regulation. 
The blatant power grab and regu-
latory overreach would not only dis-mantle a longstanding partnership be-tween the States and the Federal Gov-ernment, but it would also threaten American jobs, increase the costs of doing business, and heighten the likeli-hood of costly lawsuits. 
The Regulatory Integrity Protection 
Act, of which I am proud to be an origi-nal cosponsor, would require the Obama administration to withdraw its proposed rule and replace it with one that considers stakeholders’ input and maintains the State-Federal partner-ship to regulate our waters. I urge my colleagues to support this vital bill. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
You have heard a lot about the EPA, 
that it is a bad agency doing bad things; but, if it weren’t for the EPA, many of our communities would be fac-ing undrinkable water because of the pollution that is left behind, without any followup. We discussed this during the com-
mittee, and one of the issues that was brought out was that some of the EPA’s regional offices were being a lit-tle heavyhanded. I suggested they may be able to take it up with the adminis-trators, themselves, to figure out how we could really bring that to the fore-front. Mr. Chairman, I would like to start off with a few facts, and we have covered them already. 
There are broad environmental and 
conservation organizations that also oppose the bill. For the R
ECORD , I will 
submit 59 of them that are in opposi-tion. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE H .R. 1732, REGULATORY INTEGRITY  
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 OUTSIDE GROUP LET -
TERS OF OPPOSITION MAY 12 , 2015 
Alliance for the Great Lakes, American 
Rivers, American Whitewater, Arkansas Wildlife Federation, Audubon Naturalist So-ciety, California River Watch, Citizens Cam-paign for the Environment, Clean Oceans Competition, Clean Water Action, Coalition to Protect Blacksburg Waterways, Earthjustice, Earthworks, Eastern PA Coali-tion for Abandoned Mine Reclamation, En-dangered Habitats League, Environment America, Environmental Law and Policy Center, Environmental Working Group, Freshwater Future, Friends of Accotink Creek, Friends of Dyke Marsh. 
Friends of the Nanticoke River, Friends of 
the Weskeag, Galveston Bay Foundation, Great Lakes Environmental Law Center, Gulf Restoration Network, Izaak Walton League of America, Jesus People Against 
Pollution, Lake Erie Region Conservancy, League of Conservation Voters, Little Falls Watershed Alliance, Loudoun Wildlife Con-servancy, Maryland Conservation Council, Midshore Riverkeeper Conservancy, Mil-waukee Riverkeeper, Minnesota Center for Environmental Advocacy, Montgomery Countryside Alliance, Natural Resources De-fense Council, National Audubon Society, National Wildlife Federation, Nature Abounds. 
Neighbors of the Northwest Branch, Ana-
costia River, Ocean River Institute, Ohio En-vironmental Council, Ohio Wetlands Associa-tion, People to Save the Sheyenne, Piedmont Environmental Council, Potomac Riverkeeper Network, Protecting Our Waters, River Network, Sierra Club, South-ern Environmental Law Center, St. Mary’s River Watershed Association, Surfrider Foundation, Tip of the Mitt Watershed Coun-cil, Trout Unlimited, Virginia Conservation Network, WasteWater Education, Waterkeepers Chesapeake, West Virginia Highlands Conservancy. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. The Army Corps 
of Engineers—the Corps—and the EPA have testified that their revised clean water protection rule will provide more certainty and clarity to the current clean water permitting process, that it will reduce regulatory confusion and costs, and that it will protect our Na-tion’s waters, our economy, and our American way of life, as was stressed in the committee hearing which we all attended. I believe that it is something that they were very sure they wanted to do. 
Fact: on April 6, 2015, the Corps and 
the EPA submitted this revised clean water protection rule to OMB for final review, bringing it closer to publica-tion later this spring, but my Repub-lican colleagues are attempting to stop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.017 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2834 May 12, 2015 
the rulemaking without even seeing 
the final product. As Mr. M CCARTHY  
just said, we are going to stop this reg-ulation. 
Fact: H.R. 1732 would halt the near 
final rulemaking needed to clarify Clean Water Act protection for count-less streams and wetlands, many of which serve as primary sources of drinking water for one in three Ameri-cans. If you want to put it in millions, it would be 117 million people. 
Fact: rather than allow the Agency 
to provide additional regulatory cer-tainty and clarity, it would leave in place 2003 and 2008 Bush guidance docu-ments, which have been uniformly criticized by industry as confusing, costly, and frustrating that provide lit-tle environmental benefit. 
Fact: it is simply a bureaucratic 
redo, forcing the agencies to repeat steps in what has been a nearly decade- long rulemaking process of unprece-dented public outreach, for no other reason than to prevent this administra-tion from finalizing clean water protec-tion rulemaking. 
The last fact: if it is released, it fails 
to protect our water resources and our economy, and Congress simply has multiple avenues with which to address those concerns. 
Mr. Chairman, I submit for the 
R
ECORD the facts and the myths. I have 
five of them. 
The proposed rulemaking, the Fed-
eral Clean Water Act authority over ditches—it reduces Federal authority over ditches by specifically excluding ditches, including roadside ditches that are constructed in dry lands, et cetera, and it goes on. 
Myth number two, it is not based on 
sound science. Fact, in 2015, the Office of R&D—Research and Development— released its ‘‘Connectivity of Streams and Wetlands to Downstream Waters’’ report of more than 1,200 existing peer- reviewed publications which support this. 
Myth number four, a power grab by 
the EPA to exert greater Federal au-thority—fact, it preserves existing statutory and regulatory exemptions for common farming, ranching, and for-estry practices, and it goes on. 
Myth number five, the EPA did not 
adequately consult with States and did not take local concerns into consider-ation. Fact, again, there were 900,000 public comments, and 19,000 provided substantive comments, and they reached out to other States. 
MARCH 19, 2015. 
MYTHS VS . FACTS: EPA AND CORPS ’ CLEAN  
WATER RULEMYTH# 1—E XPANDED REGULA -
TION OF DITCHES  
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environ-
mental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) pro-posed a Clean Water rule to clarify the juris-dictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and im-prove the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, pro-tected by the Act, consistent with the deci-sions of the U.S. Supreme Court. 
Since that time, a number of questions or 
misconceptions about this proposal have been raised. This is the first in a series of 
Dear Colleagues to address these questions or misconceptions. 
MYTH #1 
The proposed rule expands Federal Clean 
Water Act authority over ditches. 
FACT  
The proposed rule reduces federal author-
ity over ditches by specifically excluding ditches (including roadside ditches) that are constructed in dry lands and either (1) con-tain water less than year-round, or (2) do not flow into another waterbody subject to the Act. 
The proposed rule retains existing author-
ity over certain ditches that once were, and continue to function as, natural streams. 
Recently, the agencies testified that they 
are reviewing over one million public com-ments submitted on the proposed rule and will make revisions to further clarify the regulation (including its application to ditches) in order to make it more effective in implementing the Clean Water Act, con-sistent with the science and the law. 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the proposal, please see (http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/waters-united-states) or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Envi-ronment. 
P
ETER A. D EFAZIO, M.C., 
Ranking Member, 
Committee on Trans-portation and Infra-structure. 
G
RACE F. N APOLITANO , 
M.C., Ranking Member, Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Envi-ronment. 
MARCH 19, 2015. 
MYTHS VS . FACTS: EPA AND CORPS ’ CLEAN  
WATER RULE MYTH # 2—T HEPROPOSED  
RULEISNOTBASED ON THE SCIENCE  
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environ-
mental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) pro-posed a Clean Water rule to clarify the juris-dictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and im-prove the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, pro-tected by the Act, consistent with the deci-sions of the U.S. Supreme Court. Yet, critics of this proposed rule have questioned the science behind the proposal. 
MYTH #2 
The proposed rule is not based on sound 
science. 
FACTS  
In January 2015, EPA’s Office of Research 
and Development released its ‘‘Connectivity of Streams and Wetlands to Downstream Waters’’ report—a review and synthesis of more than 1,200 existing peer-reviewed publi-cations from the scientific literature. 
This Connectivity report noted that ‘‘the 
scientific literature unequivocally dem-onstrates that streams, individually or cu-mulatively, exert a strong influence on the integrity of downstream waters. All tribu-tary streams, including perennial, intermit-tent, and ephemeral streams, are physically, chemically, and biologically connected to downstream rivers via channels and associ-ated alluvial deposits where water and other materials are concentrated, mixed, trans-formed, and transported.’’ 
The Connectivity report also noted that 
‘‘the incremental effects of individual streams and wetlands are cumulative across entire watersheds and therefore must be evaluated in context with other streams and 
wetlands.’’ 
In October 2014, EPA’s Science Advisory 
Board completed its own scientific review of the Connectivity report, and concluded that the report is ‘‘a thorough and technically ac-curate review of the literature on the connectivity of streams and wetlands to downstream waters’’ and found that the sci-entific literature provides enough informa-tion to support a more definitive statement on the degree of connection between certain, geographically-isolated waters and down-stream waters. 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the proposal, please see (http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/waters-united-states) or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Envi-ronment. 
E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , M.C., 
Ranking Member, Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. 
MARCH 24, 2015 
MYTHS VS . FACTS: EPA AND CORPS ’ CLEAN  
WATER RULE MYTH # 4—EPA I SSEIZING  
GREATER POWER OVERAGRICULTURE  
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environ-
mental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) pro-posed a Clean Water rule to clarify the juris-dictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and im-prove the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, pro-tected by the Act, consistent with two deci-sions of the U.S. Supreme Court. Since that time, a number of questions or misconcep-tions about this proposal have been raised. 
MYTH #4 
The proposed rule is a ‘‘power grab’’ by the 
EPA to exert greater Federal authority over farming, ranching, and forestry operations. 
FACTS  
The proposed rule provides greater cer-
tainty to farmers, ranchers, and forestry op-erations and would preserve existing statu-tory and regulatory exemptions for common farming, ranching, and forestry practices, in-cluding exemptions for prior converted crop-land, irrigation return flows, and normal farming, ranching, and silvicultural activi-ties. 
The proposed rule would not affect an ex-
isting Clean Water Act exemption for the construction and maintenance of farm or stock ponds constructed on dry lands, and would, for the first time, specifically exclude artificial stock watering and irrigation ponds constructed on dry lands from Clean Water Act jurisdiction. 
The proposed rule does not just respect the 
current exemptions for ditches but it would expand the definition of ditches to make the exemption clearer. 
No Clean Water Act permit is required 
today for the application of pesticides or fer-tilizer to dry land, and this will not change under the proposed rule. 
Puddles on crop fields are not subject to 
the Clean Water Act today, and this will not change under the proposed rule. 
In short, if you can plow, plant, or harvest 
today without a Clean Water permit, you will not need a permit for these activities under the proposed rule. 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the proposal, please see http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/waters-united-states or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Envi-ronment. 
Sincerely, 
D
ONNA F. E DWARDS , 
Member of Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.019 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2835 May 12, 2015 
April 13, 2015 
MYTHS VS . FACTS: EPA AND CORPS CLEAN  
WATER RULE MYTH # 5—EPA AND THE  
CORPS DIDNOTCONSULT THE STATES  
DEARCOLLEAGUE : Last April, the Environ-
mental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) pro-posed a Clean Water rule to clarify the juris-dictional scope of the Clean Water Act. This proposal was intended to simplify and im-prove the process for determining what waters (and wetlands) are, and are not, pro-tected by the Act, consistent with the deci-sions of the U.S. Supreme Court. However, questions and misconceptions about this pro-posal continue to be raised. 
MYTH #5 
During the rulemaking process, EPA and 
the Corps did not adequately consult with states and did not take local concerns into consideration when developing this rule. 
FACTS  
EPA consulted with various stakeholders, 
particularly with those from the agricultural community, and received over 900,000 public comments. Of these, approximately 19,000 provided substantive comments on the pro-posed rule. 
In total, EPA held over 400 meetings 
throughout the country on the proposed rulemaking, and the agencies extended the public comment period twice for a total of 207 days, to listen to concerns and draft a better, clearer rule. 
EPA developed a special process for engag-
ing the states during the public comment pe-riod, engaging with Environmental Council of the States, the Association of Clean Water Administrators, and the Association of State Wetland Managers. 
At a March 22, 2015, hearing before the Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environ-ment, the EPA’s Deputy Assistant Adminis-trator for the Office of Water characterized EPA’s outreach efforts as ‘‘unprecedented.’’ 
Further, when describing EPA’s meetings 
with state representatives, the Deputy As-sistant Administrator stated, ‘‘At the last meeting, which was scheduled for two hours, it was a little over an hour, and that meeting ended because, quite frankly, the states (ran) out of things they wanted to talk about.’’ 
Since 2003, the agencies have received an 
estimated 1,429,000 total public comments during six separate rulemakings, lasting a total 700 days, or approximately 2 years. 
‘‘Quite candidly, I will tell you that there 
is not a lot of new in the way of issues that are being raised. Many of the issues that are being raised are the same ones that have been raised for several years.’’—Quote from Ken Kopocis, EPA Deputy Assistant Admin-istrator for the Office of Water (3/18/15 Hear-ing of the Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee) 
If you have any questions or would like to 
learn more about the rule, please see (http://democrats.transportation.house.gov/ legislation/waters-united-states) or call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Envi-ronment. 
Sincerely, 
E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON , 
Member of Congress. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Also, for the 
RECORD , I submit the Statement of Ad-
ministration Policy from the Office of the President, which states at the end: ‘‘If the President were presented with H.R. 1732, his senior advisors would rec-ommend that he veto the bill.’’ EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-
DENT , O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
ANDBUDGET , 
Washington, DC, April 29, 2015. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 1732—REGULATORY INTEGRITY PROTECTION  
ACT 
The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 
1732. If the President were presented with H.R. 1732, his senior advisers would rec-ommend that he veto the bill, which would require the Environmental Protection Agen-cy (EPA) and the Department of the Army (Army) to withdraw and re-propose specified draft regulations needed to clarify the juris-dictional boundaries of the Clean Water Act (CWA). The agencies’ rulemaking, grounded in science, is essential to ensure clean water for future generations, and is responsive to calls for rulemaking from Congress, indus-try, and community stakeholders as well as decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. The proposed rule has been through an extensive public engagement process. 
Clean water is vital for the success of the 
Nation’s businesses, agriculture, energy de-velopment, and the health of our commu-nities. More than one in three Americans get their drinking water from rivers, lakes, and reservoirs that are at risk of pollution from upstream sources. The protection of wet-lands is vital for hunting and fishing. When Congress passed the CWA in 1972, to restore the Nation’s waters, it recognized that to have healthy communities downstream, we need to protect the smaller streams and wet-lands upstream. 
Clarifying the scope of the CWA helps to 
protect clean water, safeguard public health, and strengthen the economy. Supreme Court decisions in 2001 and 2006 focused on specific jurisdictional determinations and rejected the analytical approach that the Army Corps of Engineers was using for those determina-tions, but did not invalidate the underlying regulation. This has created ongoing ques-tions and uncertainty about how the regula-tion is applied consistent with the Court’s decisions. The proposed rule would address this uncertainty. 
If enacted, H.R. 1732 would derail current 
efforts to clarify the scope of the CWA, ham-string future regulatory efforts, and deny businesses and communities the regulatory certainty needed to invest in projects that rely on clean water. H.R. 1732 also would delay by a number of years any action to clarify the scope of the CWA, because it would: (1) require the agencies to re-propose a rule that has already gone through an ex-tensive public comment process; and (2) cre-ate a burdensome advisory process that would complicate the agencies’ rulemaking and potentially constrain their discretion. The agencies have already conducted an ex-tensive and lengthy outreach to a broad range of stakeholders who will continue to be engaged in the current process. Duplica-tive outreach and consultation would impose unnecessary burdens and excessive costs on all parties. 
The final rule should be allowed to pro-
ceed. EPA and Army have sought the views of and listened carefully to the public throughout the extensive public engagement process for this rule. It would be imprudent to dismiss the years of work that have al-ready occurred and no value would be added. The agencies need to be able to finish their work. 
In the end, H.R. 1732, like its predecessors, 
would sow more confusion and invite more conflict at a time when our communities and businesses need clarity and certainty around clean water regulation. Simply put, this bill is not an act of good government; rather, it would hinder the ongoing rulemaking proc-ess and the agencies’ ability to respond to 
the public as well as two Supreme Court rul-ings. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. There you are, 
Mr. Chairman. 
We still oppose H.R. 1732, but I would 
really like to ensure that we continue to work with the EPA to get in place something that is really going to help America’s farmers and industry. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Forty years ago, the Clean Water Act 
established a partnership between States and the Federal Government to regulate waters. The limits on Federal power under this partnership have also been reaffirmed by the Supreme Court not once, but twice, and I might add that my colleagues, when they were the majority party, tried twice to do what this rule is going to do, but they couldn’t get it out of committee be-cause there was not the support for it. 
I am not sure what has changed ex-
cept for the fact that Republicans are in the majority, but there is still a lot of opposition out there to it. 
The administration’s proposed rule 
abandons a successful partnership in favor of a vast expansion of the Federal Government’s authority to regulate. This proposed rule was developed with-out consulting States and local govern-ments or regulated communities, and it will have dire economic con-sequences. 
In fact, as the gentlewoman men-
tioned, there have been 20,000 sub-stantive comments on this, and 70 per-cent of them have opposed this rule. 
As I made the point earlier, the pro-
posed rule is out there. If they were going to change it, they would have to go back and reopen the comment pe-riod, but they are not changing it sig-nificantly. 
b1700 
The proposed rule will be very, very 
similar to what the final rule is. That is why we need to stop it. Two-thirds of the States object to this law rule, two- thirds of the States object to it. Local governments, farmers, builders, job creators, and stakeholders object to this rule. As mentioned, of those 20,000 substantial comments, 70 percent of them rejected this rulemaking. The Regulatory Integrity Protection Act rejects this flawed rule and flawed process that created it. 
This bipartisan bill restores the in-
tegrity of the rulemaking process and the Federal and State partnership. The agencies simply need to go back and do it right. We cannot protect our waters and provide more regulatory clarity without sacrificing common sense and balance. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all Members to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, the proposed 
Waters of the U.S. rule is critically flawed and needs to be rewritten. After following the rule- making process very closely, I have no con-fidence that that the current rule will give any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.048 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2836 May 12, 2015 
clarity for those who will be greatly impacted 
by this proposed rule. If anything, Mr. Speak-er, the only clarity I can find in the proposed rule is that we will see an increase in the num-ber of permits that the Corps of Engineers and EPA will need to issue for landowners to de-velop their land, and any litigation that may re-sult. 
The proposed rule would automatically regu-
late all tributaries that connect to a down-stream water body and all streams and wet-lands in floodplains or riparian areas of regu-lated water bodies unless they are deemed not navigable by the EPA or Army Corps. To me, that sounds like a dream for lawyers and a nightmare for everyone else. We must curb regulatory overreach and protect our economy as well as the rights of landowners. 
During the public comment period, more 
than a million comments were submitted. Ear-lier this year during an Energy and Water Ap-propriations hearing the Corps informed us that 58 percent of the comments were in op-position to the rule, then later that month at an Interior Appropriations hearing the EPA in-formed us that 87% of the comments sup-ported the rule. If the two agencies respon-sible for developing and implementing the rule cannot even agree on the number of com-ments submitted supporting the rule, how can they be trusted to implement the rule? 
In the FY15 Omnibus we included Congres-
sional direction to the EPA and the Army Corps to withdraw the flawed ‘Interpretive Rule’ that EPA had issued in conjunction with the proposed Waters of the US rule and the Administration withdrew the ‘Interpretive Rule’. It’s now time that we enact Congressional di-rection to withdraw the entire Waters of the US rule as proposed, and start fresh following the comment period. 
Therefore, Mr. Chair I support this bill and I 
encourage all my fellow members to vote for it. 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise today on behalf 
of Iowans in my district to support H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, to prohibit the implementation of the rule concerning ‘‘Waters of the United States (WOTUS)’’ by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE). 
The rule permitting the expansion of 
WOTUS grants EPA and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers jurisdiction over traditionally state regulated water under the auspices of the Clean Water Act. This includes water pre-viously unregulated by the federal govern-ment, such as dry ditches and intrastate riv-ers. 
These regulations simply defy common 
sense. Every constituent in my district desires clean water, but the EPA and USACE are transferring authority from state and local offi-cials, who know the needs of stakeholders, to Washington bureaucrats. 
In response, I am proud to join the 69 other 
Members as a cosponsor of this bipartisan bill along with the hundreds of organized stake-holders nationwide, along with thousands of individual farmers, raising serious concerns or issued public statements in opposition to adoption of these proposals. These regula-tions unnecessarily burden farmers and small business owners and prevent job creation, wage increases, and economic growth. I can-not permit such proposals to go unchallenged. 
I thank so many of my colleagues for stand-
ing with me in this effort and rest assured, I will continue to fight against government over-
reach on behalf of Iowa’s hard working farm-ing families. 
The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 114–13 modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–98. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be consid-ered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1732 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory In-
tegrity Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. WITHDRAWAL OF EXISTING PROPOSED 
RULE. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall withdraw the proposed rule described in the notice of proposed rule pub-lished in the Federal Register entitled ‘‘Defini-tion of ‘Waters of the United States’ Under the Clean Water Act’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 22188 (April 21, 2014)) and any final rule based on such pro-posed rule (including RIN 2040–AF30). 
SEC. 3. DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PROPOSED RULE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army 
and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall develop a new proposed rule to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF NEWPROPOSED RULE.— 
In developing the new proposed rule under sub-section (a), the Secretary and the Administrator shall— 
(1) take into consideration the public com-
ments received on— 
(A) the proposed rule referred to in section 2; (B) the accompanying economic analysis of 
the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Economic Analysis of Proposed Revised Definition of Waters of the United States’’ (dated March 2014); and 
(C) the report entitled ‘‘Connectivity of 
Streams & Wetlands to Downstream Waters: A Review & Synthesis of Scientific Evidence’’ (EPA/600/R–14/475F; dated January 2015); 
(2) jointly consult with and solicit advice and 
recommendations from representative State and local officials, stakeholders, and other interested parties on how to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and 
(3) prepare a regulatory proposal that will, 
consistent with applicable rulings of the United States Supreme Court, specifically identify those waters covered under, and those waters not cov-ered under, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act— 
(A) taking into consideration— (i) the public comments referred to in para-
graph (1); and 
(ii) the advice and recommendations made by 
the State and local officials, stakeholders, and other interested parties consulted under this sec-tion; and (B) incorporating the areas and issues where 
consensus was reached with the parties. 
(c) F
EDERALISM CONSULTATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—As part of consulting with and solic-
iting advice and recommendations from State and local officials under subsection (b), the Sec-retary and the Administrator shall— 
(1) seek to reach consensus with the State and 
local officials on how to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; 
(2) provide the State and local officials with 
notice and an opportunity to participate in the consultation process under subsection (b); 
(3) consult with State and local officials that 
represent a broad cross-section of regional, eco-nomic, policy, and geographic perspectives in the United States; 
(4) emphasize the importance of collaboration 
with and among the State and local officials; 
(5) allow for meaningful and timely input by 
the State and local officials; 
(6) recognize, preserve, and protect the pri-
mary rights and responsibilities of the States to protect water quality under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and to plan and control the development and use of land and water re-sources in the States; 
(7) protect the authorities of State and local 
governments and rights of private property own-ers over natural and manmade water features, including the continued recognition of Federal deference to State primacy in the development of water law, the governance of water rights, and the establishment of the legal system by which States mediate disputes over water use; 
(8) incorporate the advice and recommenda-
tions of the State and local officials regarding matters involving differences in State and local geography, hydrology, climate, legal frame-works, economies, priorities, and needs; and 
(9) ensure transparency in the consultation 
process, including promptly making accessible to the public all communications, records, and other documents of all meetings that are part of the consultation process. 
(d) S
TAKEHOLDER CONSULTATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—As part of consulting with and solic-
iting recommendations from stakeholders and other interested parties under subsection (b), the Secretary and the Administrator shall— 
(1) identify representatives of public and pri-
vate stakeholders and other interested parties, including small entities (as defined in section 601 of title 5, United States Code), representing a broad cross-section of regional, economic, and geographic perspectives in the United States, which could potentially be affected, directly or indirectly, by the new proposed rule under sub-section (a), for the purpose of obtaining advice and recommendations from those representatives about the potential adverse impacts of the new proposed rule and means for reducing such im-pacts in the new proposed rule; and 
(2) ensure transparency in the consultation 
process, including promptly making accessible to the public all communications, records, and other documents of all meetings that are part of the consultation process. 
(e) T
IMING OF FEDERALISM AND STAKEHOLDER  
CONSULTATION .—Not later than 3 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Administrator shall initiate consulta-tions with State and local officials, stake-holders, and other interested parties under sub-section (b). 
(f) R
EPORT .—The Secretary and the Adminis-
trator shall prepare a report that— 
(1) identifies and responds to each of the pub-
lic comments filed on— 
(A) the proposed rule referred to in section 2; (B) the accompanying economic analysis of 
the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Economic Analysis of Proposed Revised Definition of Waters of the United States’’ (dated March 2014); and 
(C) the report entitled ‘‘Connectivity of 
Streams & Wetlands to Downstream Waters: A Review & Synthesis of Scientific Evidence’’ (EPA/600/R–14/475F; dated January 2015); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.006 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2837 May 12, 2015 
(2) provides a detailed explanation of how the 
new proposed rule under subsection (a) address-es the public comments referred to in paragraph (1); 
(3) describes in detail— (A) the advice and recommendations obtained 
from the State and local officials consulted under this section; 
(B) the areas and issues where consensus was 
reached with the State and local officials con-sulted under this section; 
(C) the areas and issues of continuing dis-
agreement that resulted in the failure to reach consensus; and 
(D) the reasons for the continuing disagree-
ments; 
(4) provides a detailed explanation of how the 
new proposed rule addresses the advice and rec-ommendations provided by the State and local officials consulted under this section, including the areas and issues where consensus was reached with the State and local officials; 
(5) describes in detail— (A) the advice and recommendations obtained 
from the stakeholders and other interested par-ties, including small entities, consulted under this section about the potential adverse impacts of the new proposed rule and means for reduc-ing such impacts in the new proposed rule; and 
(B) how the new proposed rule addresses such 
advice and recommendations; 
(6) provides a detailed explanation of how the 
new proposed rule— 
(A) recognizes, preserves, and protects the pri-
mary rights and responsibilities of the States to protect water quality and to plan and control the development and use of land and water re-sources in the States; and 
(B) is consistent with the applicable rulings of 
the United States Supreme Court regarding the scope of waters to be covered under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and 
(7) provides comprehensive regulatory and 
economic impact analyses, utilizing the latest data and other information, on how definitional changes in the new proposed rule will impact, directly or indirectly— 
(A) each program under the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act for Federal, State, and local government agencies; and 
(B) public and private stakeholders and other 
interested parties, including small entities, regu-lated under each such program. 
(g) P
UBLICATION .— 
(1) F EDERAL REGISTER NOTICE .—Not later than 
3 months after the completion of consultations with and solicitation of recommendations from State and local officials, stakeholders, and other interested parties under subsection (b), the Sec-retary and the Administrator shall publish for comment in the Federal Register— 
(A) the new proposed rule under subsection 
(a); 
(B) a description of the areas and issues 
where consensus was reached with the State and local officials consulted under this section; and 
(C) the report described in subsection (f). (2) D
URATION OF REVIEW .—The Secretary and 
the Administrator shall provide not fewer than 180 days for the public to review and comment on— 
(A) the new proposed rule under subsection 
(a); 
(B) the accompanying economic analysis for 
the new proposed rule; and 
(C) the report described in subsection (f). (h) P
ROCEDURAL REQUIREMENTS .—Subchapter 
II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Adminis-trative Procedure Act’’) shall apply to the devel-opment and review of the new proposed rule under subsection (a). 
(i) S
TATE AND LOCAL OFFICIALS DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘State and local officials’’ means elected or professional State and local government officials or their representative re-gional or national organizations. SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out this Act, and this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 98. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–98. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike sections 2 and 3 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 2. LIMITATION. 
The Secretary of the Army and the Admin-
istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency are prohibited from implementing any final rule that is based on the proposed rule described in the notice of proposed rule published in the Federal Register entitled ‘‘Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’ Under the Clean Water Act’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 22188 (April 21, 2014)) if such final rule— 
(1) expands the scope of the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) beyond those waterbodies covered prior to the decisions of the United States Supreme Court in Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County v. United States Army Corps of Engineers, 531 U.S. 159 (2001), and Rapanos v. United States, 547 U.S. 715 (2006); 
(2) is inconsistent with the judicial opin-
ions of Justice Scalia or Justice Kennedy in Rapanos v. United States; 
(3) authorizes Federal Water Pollution 
Control Act jurisdiction over a waterbody based solely on the presence of migratory birds on such waterbody; 
(4) increases the regulation of ditches, in-
cluding roadside ditches, when compared to existing Federal Water Pollution Control Act regulations or guidance; 
(5) increases the scope of the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act with respect to munic-ipal separate sanitary sewer systems, water supply canals, or other water delivery sys-tems; 
(6) eliminates historical statutory or regu-
latory exemptions for agriculture, silviculture, or ranching; 
(7) increases the scope of the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act with respect to groundwater or water reuse or recycling projects; 
(8) requires Federal Water Pollution Con-
trol Act regulation of erosional features; 
(9) requires Federal Water Pollution Con-
trol Act permits for land-use activities; 
(10) requires Federal Water Pollution Con-
trol Act regulation of artificial farm and stock ponds, puddles, water on driveways, birdbaths, or playgrounds; 
(11) is inconsistent with the latest peer-re-
viewed scientific studies; (12) was promulgated without consulting 
with State and local governmental entities; or 
(13) was promulgated without public notice 
or comment. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 231, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Maryland. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, de-
spite nearly universal calls for in-creased clarity and certainty from cer-tain stakeholders, my colleagues have made it a priority to halt the current clean water rulemaking and to force agencies to go back to the drawing board and start the process all over again, before the public will ever even see the final product. 
After over a year of public outreach 
on a scale unprecedented in the history of the Clean Water Act, as well as countless congressional hearings, the agencies have submitted a revised clean water protection rule to the Of-fice of Management and Budget for final interagency review, which is the last step before the revised final rule would be released to the general public later this spring. 
This, in fact, is the basis of my 
amendment. You see, Mr. Chairman, to be fair, several of my constituents have expressed similar concerns with the substance of the proposed rule. In fact, Maryland farmers have visited with me on more than one occasion, and I have heard those concerns, and that is why I have pressed the agency witnesses who appeared before our subcommittees on several critical areas. 
Indeed, in testimony to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure, the heads of both the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environ-mental Protection Agency have identi-fied several specific areas where the proposed rulemaking may have lacked specificity and where the agencies have committed to clarifying changes in the final rule to address these areas. 
For example, the American Farm Bu-
reau and Maryland farmers expressed concern about the distinction between ephemeral—that is rain-dependent— streams, which are currently subject to the Clean Water Act, and erosional fea-tures, which are not. EPA has testified that the agencies expect the final rule to clarify the distinction between ephemeral streams and erosional fea-tures to ensure that the final rule does not inadvertently bring erosional fea-tures under the scope of the act. 
Numerous groups, including the Na-
tional Association of Counties, have expressed concern about the impact of the proposed rule on ‘‘ditches.’’ In re-sponse, the agencies testified that the proposed rule not only codified the cur-
rent exemption for ditches but also ‘‘expanded the definition of ditches that would be exempt under the clean water rule to make it clearer, [includ-ing] ditches that basically drain dry along public lands and highways.’’ Fur-ther, the agencies committed to pro-vide greater certainty in the final rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.014 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2838 May 12, 2015 
on what ditches are and are not pro-
tected by the act. 
Other groups questioned whether the 
proposed clean water rule would cap-ture municipal separate sanitary storm 
water sewer systems, that is, MS4s, or water reuse and recycling projects. The EPA Administrator testified before our committee that ‘‘EPA has not intended to capture features . . . that have al-ready been captured in . . . MS4 per-mits, [and it] is our intent to continue to encourage and respect those deci-sions and to encourage water reuse and recycling, which very much is con-sistent with the Clean Water Act and our overall intent.’’ 
Further, the Administrator testified 
that the EPA would make it very clear that these exclusions are articulated in the final rule, ‘‘so that people will see in writing what they have been asking us about.’’ 
So my amendment simply addresses 
these concerns and claims. It says that if any of these claims prove to be true, then the Secretary and the Adminis-trator are prohibited from issuing any final rule that would bring about these occurrences. Instead of using a legisla-tive scalpel, my Republican colleagues have decided to use a meat cleaver. In my amendment, I have tried to address these concerns, and I have heard from my constituents and interested parties. 
Under the amendment, the adminis-
tration cannot expand the scope be-yond those water bodies covered prior to the decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court in the two cases that have been mentioned before, and it cannot be in-consistent with either Justice Scalia’s or Justice Kennedy’s judicial opinions in Rapanos. 
In addition to that, they can’t in-
crease the regulation of ditches, they can’t eliminate any historical statu-tory or regulatory exemptions for agri-culture, which do not exist under the 2003 and 2008 documents. There are questions about ditches under the 2003 and 2008 guidance, but they are inter-preted differently in different parts of the country. 
As a fallback and an assurance to the 
regulated committee, I urge my col-leagues to support my amendment so that clear legislative restrictions on the final rulemaking addressing the range of concerns that have been ex-pressed by stakeholders are included. It will ensure that the rule does not go further than the Supreme Court deci-sion and does not exceed historical scope, while reaffirming longstanding and existing exclusions. 
Both agencies have made it crystal 
clear in their testimony before our committee and other committees of the House and the Senate earlier this year in a joint hearing with the Senate that many of these concerns were un-founded or would be addressed in the final rule, and so what the amendment I am offering would do, it would be a backstop in the unlikely event that anyone would think differently about regulating streams, ditches, and farm-land. I would ask for support of my amend-
ment under the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. I rise in opposition to the 
amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I must 
strongly oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment because it seeks to gut this legislation. This amendment is mis-leading. It would allow the EPA to move forward and finalize its flawed rule expansion under Federal jurisdic-tion of the Clean Water Act regardless of the consequences. If the EPA deter-mines entirely of its own discretion that the rule was consistent with the Supreme Court decisions and other fac-tors listed in the amendment, the rule would be finalized. 
This amendment gives the EPA the 
authority to nullify the Supreme Court decisions which reined in the EPA’s ex-pansive claims to Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act and legally reinterpreted those decisions to be as broad and expansive as it would like. 
The EPA has already stated that it 
believes its proposed rule is consistent with the Supreme Court decisions and with other factors listed in this amend-ment. Therefore, the effect of this amendment is to allow the EPA to fi-nalize its flawed rule that many believe is not consistent with the Supreme Court decisions and the other listed factors. 
This amendment will put the EPA 
solely in charge of America’s waters and would undermine the Federal- State partnership that H.R. 1732 seeks to preserve. It would allow the EPA to finalize and implement its flawed rule without consultation with the States. 
There has been a lot of debate and 
discussion today, and I want to just kind of address some of that because it goes to this amendment too, once they gut the bill. There was a lot of talk about the amendment that was in-cluded in the Energy and Water Appro-priations bill. That was really a back-stop to stop them from moving forward on the current proposed rule, and they cannot repropose the same rule, but if this bill is passed into law, they could move forward and do what H.R. 1732 di-rects them to do. 
Administrator McCarthy said they 
don’t need to put anything out because there are no new changes, or major changes; that is why they don’t need to put out a supplemental to the proposed rule. That is the problem. That is why we have this bill here today, and that is why I am against the gentlewoman’s amendment, because they are not being open or transparent about what changes they made. 
I have a letter from the Executive Of-
fice of the President, Office of Manage-ment and Budget, talking about the ad-ministration policy in regard to H.R. 1732, and it talks about that they be-lieve that this bill, passed into law, would constrain the Agency’s discre-tion. That is the problem. We can’t have a bunch of bureaucrats running 
around the country and deciding what are going to be waters of the United States and what are not going to be waters of the United States. We have to be clear about that and give clarity. All that H.R. 1732 says is for the EPA and the Corps to go back to the States and stakeholders and work out a rule to satisfy the Supreme Court decisions and that brings clarity and certainty and allows for economic expansion and protects waters at the same time, but if you open it up to having bureau-crats—— 
Ms. EDWARDS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GIBBS. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Maryland. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Do you have a cost 
estimate of what it would cost to go back to the stakeholders for what you have described? 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I reclaim 
my time. 
I know that the CBO put out $5 mil-
lion or something like that. The prob-lem we have here is that if this pro-posed rule goes forward, it costs at least $200-some billion to the economy. What this rule does, if it goes forward, under the Clean Water Act, it just makes it where farmers, landowners, homeowners would have to go through the Clean Water Act permit policy, permit provisions. All it does is create more red tape and bureaucracy and cost, and doesn’t do anything to pro-tect the water quality. 
It is very important to remember 
that, I believe, if this rule goes forward 
as proposed, we could actually go back-ward in water quality because at some point when you layer on costs and red tape to farmers and businesses out there, they are going to throw their hands up in the air, and they are not going to do it, so it is going to stifle economic activity. It will possibly make us go backwards in water quality because if we don’t have a growing economy, we don’t have the resources to do the environmental stuff we want to do. 
So it is very important that we kill 
this amendment that the gentlewoman offers because it guts the bill and sup-port H.R. 1732 going forward. All it does is say to the EPA: Go back and work with the States, and don’t propose the same rule you put out there that you won’t tell us what your changes are, but go back and work with the States, do it in an open, transparent, and ac-countable process, and we can do some-thing that protects water quality and the environment in this country and move this country forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.025 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2839 May 12, 2015 
amendment offered by the gentle-
woman from Maryland will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–98. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 4. EFFECT ON STATE PERMIT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Administrator of 
the Environmental Protection Agency, based on the proposed rule developed under section 3, issues a final rule to define the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ as used in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Administrator shall— 
(1) not later than 90 days after the date of 
issuance of the final rule, review each permit program being administered by a State under section 402, 404, or 405 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 1342, 1344, or 1345) to determine wheth-er the permit program complies with the terms of the final rule; and 
(2) not later than 10 days after the date of 
completion of the review, notify the State of— 
(A) the Administrator’s determination 
under paragraph (1); and 
(B) in any case in which the Administrator 
determines that a permit program does not comply with the final rule, the actions re-quired to bring the permit program into compliance. 
(b) C
OMPLIANCE PERIOD .—During the 2-year 
period beginning on the date on which the Administrator provides notice to a State under subsection (a)(2), the Administrator may not withdraw approval of a State per-mit program referred to in subsection (a)(1) on the basis that the permit program does not comply with the terms of a final rule de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(c) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to limit or otherwise affect the au-thority of the Administrator under the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act or any other provision of law— 
(1) to withdraw approval of a State permit 
program referred to in subsection (a)(1), ex-cept as specifically prohibited by subsection (b); or 
(2) to disapprove a proposed permit under a 
State permit program referred to in sub-section (a). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 231, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, as allowed 
under the Clean Water Act, Michigan, my home State, and many other States have successfully attained permitting responsibility for pollutant discharges into their waters through their State environmental departments, as we do in Michigan. These programs have been long a very successful Federal-State partnership, allowing States, who know their lands and waters better than anyone, to be able to keep local control of their permitting program to ensure protection of their waters in compliance with Federal law in their States. The scope and structure of 
these programs, of course, are deter-mined by the definition of waters of the U.S. 
So when the EPA comes out with a 
new definition of waters of the U.S., every State’s program would go under review to ensure that it is compliant with that new definition. Though Michigan has had its authority to oper-ate its own permitting program from the 1970s, its program has been under review by the EPA for several years. So, in response to the EPA’s review of Michigan’s program, Michigan passed a bipartisan law in 2013 to improve its State-run program to align with Fed-eral law. 
b1715 
Maintaining these current State per-
mitting programs—it is interesting—is supported in my State and other places both by environmental and agricul-tural interests, something that we don’t often see. So it is really impor-tant to maintain these successful pro-grams. 
Interestingly enough, since the en-
actment of its 2013 law, Michigan has not lost any of our precious wetlands. 
What my amendment would do is en-
sure that States that do this will be able to continue to control their State permitting program so that the people who know the States and its waters best can comply with their unique ap-plication of the law. Particularly in places like Michigan where we have the Great Lakes, that is important. 
So here is what my amendment 
would do: 
First, once a rule under this bill 
would be finalized, the EPA would have 90 days to determine if a State’s pro-gram is still compliant under the new rule. 
Second, the EPA would have a fur-
ther 10 days to notify a State in writ-ing if its permitting programs are com-pliant under that new rule. 
And finally, if a State is not compli-
ant, the EPA must allow States 2 years to comply with the new rule before they federalize a State’s permitting program. 
When a new rule for definition of 
waters of the U.S. comes out, it will automatically place every State’s per-mitting program under review, running the risk of ending these successful partnerships. I believe, and I think oth-ers agree, we have to maintain the flexibility so that States can comply with the new rule before the EPA would remove a State’s program. 
Depending on the State, of course, 
statutory changes might be required. So we believe that 2 years would be a sufficient period of time for States like Michigan to work through the legisla-tive process. It took Michigan over a year in 2013 to come to a conclusion of that reform. 
In practice, to be fair, the EPA has 
granted broad discretion when review-ing a State’s programs. What this amendment would do is simply codify into law that process so that States 
have the ability to come into compli-ance and maintain this important part-nership. It is really important to the underlying purpose of the act. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment, though I am not opposed. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank my colleague from Michigan for offering this thoughtful amendment. We are prepared to support this amend-ment since we believe it helps protect a State’s role in administering the Clean Water Act, especially those States with delegated authorities under sections 402 and 404 of the act. We also believe this amendment strengthens H.R. 1732 and enhances the role of States in car-rying out the Clean Water Act. I en-courage Members to support the Kildee amendment. 
I would also ask the sponsor of this 
amendment if he would support this underlying bill with the amendment in-cluded. The reason I argue he should is because, under the current rule, with-out the underlying bill being passed, States would have to change the proc-esses under the 402 and 404 permitting, and they currently would have no grace period. With this amendment in the underlying bill and passage of the underlying bill, that would solve that problem. And so his amendment strengthens the bill, but also gives the States the flexibility that he is asking for. I would ask that the sponsor of the amendment support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the gentleman’s comments and his support. I do think it is important that whenever we can agree, we do ex-press that agreement. I think this amendment is a good example. 
I know we all support the underlying 
purpose of the act. This particular amendment would ensure that, when there is a rule, States that do operate under delegated authority would be able to continue to protect the waters of the U.S. and the waters within their own States with the best knowledge on the ground. It has been a good experi-ence in the State of Michigan. I think it is good for other States as well. I think that this amendment would help to ensure that. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UN-
CANof Tennessee) having assumed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.027 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2840 May 12, 2015 
chair, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve ex-isting rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
RAFAEL RAMOS AND WENJIAN LIU 
NATIONAL BLUE ALERT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 665) to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to dissemi-nate information when a law enforce-ment officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 665 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rafael 
Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OORDINATOR .—The term ‘‘Coordinator’’ 
means the Blue Alert Coordinator of the De-partment of Justice designated under section 4(a). 
(2) B
LUE ALERT .—The term ‘‘Blue Alert’’ 
means information sent through the network relating to— 
(A) the serious injury or death of a law en-
forcement officer in the line of duty; 
(B) an officer who is missing in connection 
with the officer’s official duties; or 
(C) an imminent and credible threat that 
an individual intends to cause the serious in-jury or death of a law enforcement officer. 
(3) B
LUE ALERT PLAN .—The term ‘‘Blue 
Alert plan’’ means the plan of a State, unit of local government, or Federal agency par-ticipating in the network for the dissemina-tion of information received as a Blue Alert. 
(4) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The term 
‘‘law enforcement officer’’ shall have the same meaning as in section 1204 of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b). 
(5) N
ETWORK .—The term ‘‘network’’ means 
the Blue Alert communications network es-tablished by the Attorney General under sec-tion 3. (6) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
SEC. 3. BLUE ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NET-
WORK. 
The Attorney General shall establish a na-
tional Blue Alert communications network within the Department of Justice to issue Blue Alerts through the initiation, facilita-tion, and promotion of Blue Alert plans, in coordination with States, units of local gov-ernment, law enforcement agencies, and other appropriate entities. 
SEC. 4. BLUE ALERT COORDINATOR; GUIDE-
LINES. 
(a) C OORDINATION WITHIN DEPARTMENT OF  
JUSTICE .—The Attorney General shall assign 
an existing officer of the Department of Jus-tice to act as the national coordinator of the Blue Alert communications network. 
(b) D
UTIES OF THE COORDINATOR .—The Co-
ordinator shall— 
(1) provide assistance to States and units 
of local government that are using Blue Alert plans; 
(2) establish voluntary guidelines for 
States and units of local government to use in developing Blue Alert plans that will pro-mote compatible and integrated Blue Alert plans throughout the United States, includ-ing— 
(A) a list of the resources necessary to es-
tablish a Blue Alert plan; 
(B) criteria for evaluating whether a situa-
tion warrants issuing a Blue Alert; 
(C) guidelines to protect the privacy, dig-
nity, independence, and autonomy of any law enforcement officer who may be the subject of a Blue Alert and the family of the law en-forcement officer; 
(D) guidelines that a Blue Alert should 
only be issued with respect to a law enforce-ment officer if— 
(i) the law enforcement agency involved— (I) confirms— (aa) the death or serious injury of the law 
enforcement officer; or 
(bb) the attack on the law enforcement of-
ficer and that there is an indication of the death or serious injury of the officer; or 
(II) concludes that the law enforcement of-
ficer is missing in connection with the offi-cer’s official duties; 
(ii) there is an indication of serious injury 
to or death of the law enforcement officer; 
(iii) the suspect involved has not been ap-
prehended; and 
(iv) there is sufficient descriptive informa-
tion of the suspect involved and any relevant vehicle and tag numbers; 
(E) guidelines that a Blue Alert should 
only be issued with respect to a threat to cause death or serious injury to a law en-forcement officer if— 
(i) a law enforcement agency involved con-
firms that the threat is imminent and cred-ible; 
(ii) at the time of receipt of the threat, the 
suspect is wanted by a law enforcement agency; 
(iii) the suspect involved has not been ap-
prehended; and 
(iv) there is sufficient descriptive informa-
tion of the suspect involved and any relevant vehicle and tag numbers; 
(F) guidelines— (i) that information should be provided to 
the National Crime Information Center data-base operated by the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation under section 534 of title 28, United States Code, and any relevant crime information repository of the State involved, relating to— 
(I) a law enforcement officer who is seri-
ously injured or killed in the line of duty; or (II) an imminent and credible threat to 
cause the serious injury or death of a law en-forcement officer; 
(ii) that a Blue Alert should, to the max-
imum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consultation with law en-forcement agencies of States and units of local governments), be limited to the geo-graphic areas most likely to facilitate the apprehension of the suspect involved or which the suspect could reasonably reach, which should not be limited to State lines; 
(iii) for law enforcement agencies of States 
or units of local government to develop plans to communicate information to neighboring States to provide for seamless communica-tion of a Blue Alert; and 
(iv) providing that a Blue Alert should be 
suspended when the suspect involved is ap-prehended or when the law enforcement agency involved determines that the Blue Alert is no longer effective; and 
(G) guidelines for— (i) the issuance of Blue Alerts through the 
network; and 
(ii) the extent of the dissemination of 
alerts issued through the network; 
(3) develop protocols for efforts to appre-
hend suspects that address activities during the period beginning at the time of the ini-tial notification of a law enforcement agency that a suspect has not been apprehended and ending at the time of apprehension of a sus-pect or when the law enforcement agency in-volved determines that the Blue Alert is no longer effective, including protocols regu-lating— 
(A) the use of public safety communica-
tions; 
(B) command center operations; and (C) incident review, evaluation, debriefing, 
and public information procedures; 
(4) work with States to ensure appropriate 
regional coordination of various elements of the network; 
(5) establish an advisory group to assist 
States, units of local government, law en-forcement agencies, and other entities in-volved in the network with initiating, facili-tating, and promoting Blue Alert plans, which shall include— 
(A) to the maximum extent practicable, 
representation from the various geographic regions of the United States; and 
(B) members who are— (i) representatives of a law enforcement or-
ganization representing rank-and-file offi-cers; 
(ii) representatives of other law enforce-
ment agencies and public safety communica-tions; 
(iii) broadcasters, first responders, dis-
patchers, and radio station personnel; and 
(iv) representatives of any other individ-
uals or organizations that the Coordinator determines are necessary to the success of the network; 
(6) act as the nationwide point of contact 
for— 
(A) the development of the network; and (B) regional coordination of Blue Alerts 
through the network; and 
(7) determine— (A) what procedures and practices are in 
use for notifying law enforcement and the public when— 
(i) a law enforcement officer is killed or se-
riously injured in the line of duty; 
(ii) a law enforcement officer is missing in 
connection with the officer’s official duties; and 
(iii) an imminent and credible threat to 
kill or seriously injure a law enforcement of-ficer is received; and 
(B) which of the procedures and practices 
are effective and that do not require the ex-penditure of additional resources to imple-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.030 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2841 May 12, 2015 
(c) L IMITATIONS .— 
(1) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—The guide-
lines established under subsection (b)(2), pro-tocols developed under subsection (b)(3), and other programs established under subsection (b), shall not be mandatory. 
(2) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The 
guidelines established under subsection (b)(2) shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consulta-tion with law enforcement agencies of States and units of local government), provide that appropriate information relating to a Blue Alert is disseminated to the appropriate offi-cials of law enforcement agencies, public health agencies, and other agencies. 
(3) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES PROTEC -
TIONS .—The guidelines established under 
subsection (b) shall— 
(A) provide mechanisms that ensure that 
Blue Alerts comply with all applicable Fed-eral, State, and local privacy laws and regu-lations; and 
(B) include standards that specifically pro-
vide for the protection of the civil liberties, including the privacy, of law enforcement of-ficers who are seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or who are threatened with death or serious injury, and the families of the officers. 
(d) C
OOPERATION WITHOTHER AGENCIES .— 
The Coordinator shall cooperate with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Transportation, the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, and appropriate offices of the Department of Justice in carrying out activities under this Act. 
(e) R
ESTRICTIONS ON COORDINATOR .—The 
Coordinator may not— 
(1) perform any official travel for the sole 
purpose of carrying out the duties of the Co-ordinator; 
(2) lobby any officer of a State regarding 
the funding or implementation of a Blue Alert plan; or 
(3) host a conference focused solely on the 
Blue Alert program that requires the expend-iture of Federal funds. 
(f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Coordinator shall submit to Congress a report on the activities of the Coordinator and the effectiveness and status of the Blue Alert plans that are in effect or being developed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on S. 665, currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This week in Washington, D.C., we 
are celebrating National Police Week. This annual tradition, which draws tens of thousands of law enforcement officers from around the country, is a time to celebrate the critical role that 
police play in maintaining a free and safe society. It is also a time to mourn our Nation’s fallen heroes. 
Last year, 127 men and women gave 
their lives while protecting Americans’ public safety, including three officers in my home State of Virginia. The av-erage age of these fallen officers is just 40 years old, which is too young to be taken from their loved ones. 
The Blue Alert system, which is cur-
rently in place in 20 States, is a cooper-ative effort among local, State, and Federal authorities, law enforcement agencies, and the general public. 
S. 665, the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian 
Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015, seeks to expand on these existing pro-grams by encouraging an enhanced na-tionwide system for the distribution of time-sensitive information to help identify and locate a violent suspect when a law enforcement officer is in-jured or killed in the line of duty or when there is an imminent and credible threat against an officer. 
Similar to the AMBER Alerts for 
missing children and Silver Alerts for missing seniors, Blue Alerts broadcast information about suspects, including a description of an offender who is still at large and, if available, a description of the offender’s vehicle and license plate information. Like AMBER Alerts, Blue Alerts are intended to hinder the offender’s ability to escape and will facilitate their capture. 
S. 665 directs the Justice Department 
to designate an existing employee as the Blue Alert national coordinator, who will establish voluntary guidelines for the program and encourage those States that have not already done so to develop Blue Alert plans. 
The House has passed similar 
versions of this legislation in the past two Congresses, but those bills were not taken up by the Senate. 
The version of the Blue Alert bill 
that we consider today is different for two important reasons: 
First, unlike the Blue Alert bills 
from prior Congresses that passed this body only to wither away in the Sen-ate, S. 665 will be sent directly to the President’s desk for signature fol-lowing House passage. I urge him to sign this legislation without delay. 
Second, S. 665 is named after New 
York City Police Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, who, in De-cember 2014, were murdered in cold blood by a malevolent killer who trav-eled from Baltimore to Brooklyn with the stated intention of shooting police officers. 
Officer Ramos left behind a wife and 
13-year-old son. Officer Liu left behind his wife of just 2 months. This bill, a tribute to their service and sacrifice, will hopefully spare other families from the pain of losing a loved one. 
I thank Senator C
ARDIN , Mr. 
REICHERT of Washington, and the many 
bipartisan cosponsors of both the House and Senate bills for their work on this important legislation. I also thank the many outside law enforce-
ment organizations that have tirelessly promoted the Blue Alert program over the past several years. 
This bill reaffirms Congress’ commit-
ment to ensure the safety of the men and women in our Nation’s law enforce-ment communities and the citizens they serve and protect every day. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Let me thank Chairman G
OODLATTE  
and Ranking Member C ONYERS of the 
Judiciary Committee for this timely presentation and the offering of this legislation on the floor this week, which is a time to commemorate and mourn and to uphold the Nation’s law enforcement. It is a very important statement that we make today on the floor of the House. 
As a senior member of the House Ju-
diciary Committee, a ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations, and yes, as a Member of Con-gress from Houston, which has one of the Nation’s most effective police de-partments, and as a cosponsor of the House companion measure, I rise in strong support of S. 665, the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015. 
I, too, thank Senator C
ARDIN , Con-
gressman R EICHERT , and my colleague 
and friend, Congressman P ASCRELL . I 
am also a cosponsor. I thank them for their particular leadership on this bill. 
Every day, more than 900,000 officers 
protect and serve the people of the United States. On average, one law en-forcement officer is killed in the line of duty every 58 hours. Each year, there is an average of 58,930 assaults on our law enforcement officers, resulting in 15,404 injuries. 
Just yesterday, in Hattiesburg, Mis-
sissippi, the community held a memo-rial for two dedicated public servants fatally shot during a traffic stop on Saturday night. 
Married and the father of two, Ben-
jamin Deen, a 34-year-old canine offi-cer, was recognized in 2012 as the Hat-tiesburg Officer of the Year. Liquori Tate, just 25 years old, fulfilled a child-hood dream when he graduated from the police academy and joined the po-lice force less than 1 year ago. Many of us heard the sympathetic and emo-tional outpouring by his family of his love of being a law enforcement officer. 
For the community of Hattiesburg, 
the senseless deaths of on-duty officers are the first in three decades. Hatties-burg is not alone, however, in these tragic developments. Law enforcement fatalities in the U.S. rose 24 percent in 2014, reversing 2 years of significant de-cline. 
The number of law enforcement offi-
cers killed in the line of duty rose from 102 in 2013 to 126 in 2014. Statistics re-leased yesterday by the FBI show that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.024 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2842 May 12, 2015 
51 law enforcement officers were feloni-
ously killed in the line of duty in 2014. This is an increase of almost 89 percent when compared to the 27 killed in 2013. Of those 51 felonious deaths, offenders used firearms in 46 of them. 
Just 1 day before this tragedy in Mis-
sissippi, Officer Brian Moore was laid to rest thousands of miles away in Long Island, New York. After 6 p.m. on a Saturday, Moore and his partner came upon the gunman. After identi-fying himself as a police officer and asking the gunman about the object in his waistband, the gunman fatally shot Moore in the face. 
Moore was 20 years old when he 
joined the New York Police Depart-ment. After over 5 years of service, he earned two Meritorious Police Duty medals and two Excellent Police Duty medals. He died several days after he was shot. 
b1730 
The killing of Officer Moore in New 
York City comes on the heels of the December killings of New York Police Department Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, for whom this legislation before us memorializes. These officers were killed on a Saturday afternoon while sitting in their parked patrol car by a man who shared his intent to kill police officers on social media. 
This man traveled from Maryland to 
New York to execute his plan; and, un-fortunately, at the same time Mary-land authorities were warning the 
NYPD of this threat, Officers Ramos and Liu were being assassinated. 
Benjamin Deen, Liquori Tate, Brian 
Moore, Rafael Ramos, and Wenjian Liu and other fallen heroes join the more than 20,000 U.S. law enforcement offi-cers who have made the ultimate sac-rifice since the first known line-of-duty death in 1791, nearly 1,700 of whom hail from my home State of Texas and 121 from the Houston Police Department. 
The brave men and women who risk 
their lives to keep the peace and keep us safe are too often taken by the vio-lence they are working to prevent. When a law enforcement officer is seri-ously injured or killed, rapid dissemi-nation of information about the sus-pected criminal is critical to ensuring justice for that officer and keeping the public safe. 
Here lies the opportunity for this im-
portant legislation. The Blue Alert System is modeled after the AMBER Alert and the Silver Alert. Currently, 22 States, including my home State of Texas, have local Blue Alert programs in operation. 
The gist of this legislation is to pro-
vide for the coordination and the provi-sions for other States to participate and to help other States participate in a Blue Alert plan. This Blue Alert plan, I hope, will save lives or will, in es-sence, save and protect law enforce-ment officers or bring their perpe-trator, tragically, of their death, to justice. 
This is an important statement this 
week as we mourn those who have fall-en in the service of their country as 
law enforcement officers. This is an important action, if you will, to tell the families of these officers that we care. I hope my colleagues will join us in supporting this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), the chief 
sponsor of the companion House legis-lation. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding generous time for my comments. I also want to thank you for your strong support for this legislation, and I take a moment also to thank Ms. J
ACKSON LEEfor her 
strong words of support. Her passion was evident and felt in her words. 
This is a very close topic to my 
heart, very near and dear to me. I think, as most Members in this body know, I spent 33 years in law enforce-ment before I came to Congress. I have been here 10 years; I tell people I just look like I have been here 40 years, but I have had the blessing of serving in many different ways, first in the Air Force and now in Congress. 
Today is just an honor to stand here 
in support of this legislation because, this week, we have families from all across the country. When I arrived at the airport this afternoon, at 3:30, mo-torcades were lined up to escort the survivors of the fallen officers, honor guards standing at the gates where people are coming off the airplanes, to escort the families of the fallen offi-cers. 
These men and women risk their 
lives every day across this great Na-tion to protect our communities, pro-tect our families, protect our children, and we need to help them. This bill does just that because, when they leave home, they don’t know if they are com-ing back. The families don’t know if they are coming back home that day or that evening. 
My own family has had that experi-
ence watching me being wheeled into a hospital room with stab wounds in the side of my neck. They learned about it on TV. That was back in the seventies, so it was a little bit different time back then, but it is still a dangerous job. 
We worked hard to work with the 
New York Police Department, the Ser-geants Benevolent Association, and the Federal Law Enforcement Officers As-sociation to rename this bill after the two New York police officers, Ramos and Liu, because this is a story where this Blue Alert could have made a dif-ference. 
It could have made a difference be-
cause the suspect in this case shot his girlfriend in Maryland at 5:45 in the morning, and then at 2:45, 3 in the afternoon, showed up in New York, after posting on social media that he was going to make ‘‘angels out of po-lice officers that day.’’ As Ms. J
ACKSON  LEEsaid, the information came to 
NYPD too late. 
We think Blue Alert can make a dif-
ference. We think Blue Alert can save lives. We think Blue Alert can keep our officers safer on the streets. 
In Seattle, Washington, there is a 
community called Lakewood; and it is just a half an hour, 40 minutes, south of Seattle, the city of Lakewood. In 2009, there were four police officers sit-ting in a coffee shop. 
They were having a squad meeting, a 
sergeant and three police officers—Ser-geant Renninger, Officer Owens, Officer Griswold, and Officer Richard—just sit-ting there, having coffee, talking about what was going to happen that day, what they were going to focus on that day to keep that community safe. 
A man walked in and assassinated all 
four officers. A 2-day manhunt oc-curred looking for that suspect, for that murderer, for that monster—2 days. If we had had Blue Alert—and during those 2 days, that suspect is on the loose. He is not only a danger to other police officers, he is a danger to the entire community. We need to find these people as soon as possible. 
A Blue Alert—because we knew who 
this guy was, and in the New York case, we knew who this guy was—all we need to do is put the information out there sooner, quicker, faster, imme-diately so we could capture these peo-ple and put them behind bars and keep the community safe. 
Also, a number of years ago, in 1982, 
I lost a friend, my best friend and my partner, and he was shot and killed chasing a murder suspect. I was one of the cops out there for 3 days searching for this guy in the foothills of the Cas-cade Mountains, about 45 minutes southeast of Seattle. In 1982, of course, we didn’t have this technology. I know the feeling of losing a good friend, a good cop, a father of five, dedicated, would do anything for his community. 
We have got to do everything we can 
to show support across this country for our cops on the street, for their fami-lies, and this week especially, when you see a police officer walking around the Capitol Grounds, make sure you say thank you. Make sure you say thank you to the family because this is a loss they will never, ever forget; and neither will we. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this bill. 
I also want to make mention of a 
good friend who has worked with me on law enforcement issues here in this body, who was the mayor of Paterson, New Jersey. I always tell B
ILLPAS-
CRELL that he would have made a good 
sheriff. He is a strong supporter of law enforcement, first responders, and fire-fighters. 
He and I co-chair the Law Enforce-
ment Caucus together. He is here in this body today, and I know he is going to be speaking on some of these issues this evening. 
He has been a good friend to law en-
forcement, and I appreciate all the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.031 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2843 May 12, 2015 
hard work that he has put into this bill 
and others to help support our law en-forcement officers across this country. 
I appreciate the time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Congressman R
EICHERT for his 
belief in this bill and for his statement of the preciousness of life of our law enforcement officers and our families who depend upon them. 
This bill, of course, in particular, 
would work with States to ensure the regional coordination of various ele-ments of the network, which speaks di-rectly to the heinous crime committed against the two New York police offi-cers and someone who traveled from Maryland to New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ), a gentleman who lives in the 
region and who we have had the privi-lege of working with, from COPS on the Beat to the Blue Alert and many other bills dealing with our first re-sponders, and a cosponsor of this bill. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman. 
Anyone who listened to the gen-
tleman from Washington State, Con-gressman R
EICHERT , if they have any 
doubt as to the significance, not only of this piece of legislation and the other three pieces of legislation that we will pursue after this, I don’t know what it is going to take because he was on the front lines. He doesn’t have to conjecture. 
I personally thank Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE . I personally thank Ranking 
Member C ONYERS and, of course, our 
brothers in the Senate, Senator C
ARDIN , Senator L INDSEY GRAHAM . 
We had a press conference in April 
and introduced this legislation. At that press conference was Gina Miller. Gina Miller was the fiancee of a Washington State trooper, Tony Radulescu, who was shot at a traffic stop in Wash-ington State and killed. 
He went to high school in New Jer-
sey. He was a vet from the gulf war, as many of our police officers are. I prom-ised Gina I would not take off the wristband she gave me until we pass this legislation. It is fitting in this month, when we honor all law enforce-ment, it is fitting that we move this through the House of Representatives. 
I am honored to stand with Mr. 
R
EICHERT as we present this, and I am 
honored and thank you all for coming on this piece of legislation. 
We have heard the numbers about 
how many police officers were killed in the line of duty in 2013 and 2014. It is a grave reminder that these attacks are too common in our communities. 
Last year, we mourned the loss of 
Jersey City Officer Melvin Santiago, who was killed in the line of duty re-sponding to a gang-related robbery. Of-ficer Santiago’s death set off a series of targeted threats against the Jersey po-lice officers from the assailant’s fellow gang members. 
The grave risk that our law enforce-
ment officers face was tragically con-firmed this past Christmas when on- 
duty New York Police Department Of-ficers Ramos and Liu were murdered while simply sitting in their squad car. 
When threats like this occur, the 
rapid dissemination of critical, time- sensitive information is essential, and the national Blue Alert system would provide that in New Jersey and across our Nation. 
Regardless of what aspect you talk of 
about police work, law enforcement, talk must be followed by action. 
b1745 
So cops, the police officers just don’t 
need a pat on the back from us while we place our grandchildren in the back of the car to see what it is like to sit in a police car. They need our actions here in Washington to help commu-nities throughout America. 
So I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for 
putting this bill before us tonight and the other bills that will follow. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it 
is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), another distinguished gen-
tleman who has worked on these issues and is now the ranking member of the Constitution and Civil Justice Sub-committee of the House Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the ranking member for the time; I want to thank the chairman for scheduling these bills; and particularly I want to thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AS-
CRELL ) for bringing them. 
My first job out of law school was at-
torney for the Memphis Police Depart-ment, and I served 3
1⁄2years working as 
the attorney for the Memphis Police Department. I know that police are on the front lines of democracy in seeing that we have a society that can func-tion and that we have people’s rights protected in a most direct way. 
The ranking member talked about 
the losses of the lives in New York of Officer Davis; the two officers this bill is named for, Officers Ramos and Liu; and then there were the two officers killed in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, each of which is tragic and each of which caused me to grieve and be mournful about the loss of these men’s lives in the course of duty. 
While we have some issues with law 
enforcement in certain areas, we need to have law enforcement; and the loss of any life of a law enforcement mem-ber in the actions of their duties or be-cause of their position is wrong, and we should have a system in place to appre-hend and arrest somebody who, with probable cause, committed that crime. 
I also want to thank the chairman of 
the committee for scheduling a hearing next week on civil rights issues. These issues go together. No one should lose their life wrongfully. We must deal with these issues, and it is commend-able. There are some good things hap-
pening in Congress. So many times I go home, and people talk about the acri-mony and don’t we get along. Well, we get some things done, and we get some things done together, and the Judici-ary Committee is doing some of those things. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
the ranking member, who is not here, for that. 
I am a proud sponsor of this bill. I 
hope everybody will vote for it and pass it. It will save some law enforce-ment people’s lives. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further speakers, and if the gentlewoman from Texas is prepared to yield back, I am prepared to do the same. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I was moved by all of 
the presentations that have been made here today, statements on the floor, by passionate Members of Congress. It re-minded me of my time as a municipal court judge, seeing officers in clothing that would not be recognizable because they were undercover officers, seeking what we call probable cause warrants and trying to save communities. 
I think this legislation is extremely 
important in this week because what it says is that we can all get along, that we can pass legislation that deals with the pain of our law enforcement offi-cers and commits us to the statement that we want them to go home to their families. At the same time, we can use the words ‘‘criminal justice reform’’ and not offend by saying it is to help everyone: our law enforcement officers and our civilians. 
I am also grateful that next week we 
will have the opportunity to hear a myriad of issues on this particular point. 
But as we come together this week, 
officers of the law will be coming to Washington, D.C., from all parts of the Nation. This legislation will make the statement that we want to coordinate, we want to establish advisory groups, we want to establish guidelines for States, and we want to provide assist-ance to have the Blue Alert plans. 
As we have saved children through 
the AMBER Alerts and helped find sen-ior citizens through the Silver Alerts, I want to make sure that we bring more officers home to their families by en-suring that heinous criminals who are out to do them harm are caught before they do more harm. 
I also want to say that I look forward 
to working on legislation that deals with bringing us together and making sure that we address all of the con-cerns. 
So I join today with the Fraternal 
Order of Police, the National Associa-tion of Police Organizations, and the National Sheriffs’ Association in sup-porting this legislation, S. 665. But more importantly, Mr. Speaker, I stand today mourning those who have been lost and joining our officers as they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.033 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2844 May 12, 2015 
converge upon the United States Cap-
itol, standing shoulder-to-shoulder. I want to say to them that America cares. We honor you; we mourn you; and we stand in assistance to you. 
I would like to introduce into the 
R
ECORD a list of officers killed in the 
line of duty in my own hometown of Houston, Texas, from the Houston Po-lice Department. 
HOUSTON POLICE DEPARTMENT OFFICERS  
KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY 
LINE OF DUTY DEATHS : 112 
Assault: 1 
Automobile accident: 10 Fire: 1 Gunfire: 69 Gunfire (Accidental): 2 Heart attack: 2 Motorcycle accident: 9 Stabbed: 2 Struck by vehicle: 5 Vehicle pursuit: 1 Vehicular assault: 10 
BY MONTH  
January: 12 
February: 7 March: 12 April: 10 May: 7 June: 15 July: 5 August: 14 September: 9 October: 6 November: 6 December: 9 
BY GENDER  
Male: 109 
Female: 3 Police Officer Kevin Scott Will, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, May 29, 2011, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Officer Eydelmen Mani, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, May 19, 2010, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer Henry Canales, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Tuesday, June 23, 2009, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Timothy Scott Abernethy, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, December 7, 2008, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Gary Allen Gryder, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, June 29, 2008, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Officer Rodney Joseph Johnson, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, Sep-tember 21, 2006, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Reuben Becerra DeLeon, Jr., Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, October 26, 2005, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Frank Manuel Cantu, Jr., 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, March 25, 2004, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Officer Charles Roy Clark, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, April 3, 2003, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Keith Alan Dees, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, March 7, 2002, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Police Officer Alberto ‘‘Albert’’ Vasquez, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, May 22, 2001, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Dennis E. Holmes, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Wednesday, January 10, 2001, Cause: Heart attack. 
Police Officer Jerry Keith Stowe, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, Sep-tember 20, 2000, Cause: Assault. 
Police Officer Troy Alan Blando, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, May 19, 1999, Cause: Gunfire. 
Sergeant Kent Dean Kincaid, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Saturday, May 23, 1998, Cause: Gunfire. Police Officer Cuong Huy ‘‘Tony’’ Trinh, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, April 6, 1997, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Dawn Suzanne Erickson, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, December 24, 1995, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Police Officer David Michael Healy, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Saturday, No-vember 12, 1994, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer Guy P. Gaddis, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Monday, January 31, 1994, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Michael P. Roman, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, January 6, 1994, Cause: Vehicle pursuit. 
Sergeant Bruno David Soboleski, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, April 12, 1991, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer John Anthony Salvaggio, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Sunday, November 25, 1990, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Officer James Bruce Irby, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 27, 1990, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer James Charles Boswell, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Saturday, December 9, 1989, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Fiorentino M. Garcia, Jr., Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, November 10, 1989, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Officer Elston Morris Howard, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Wednesday, July 20, 1988, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Andrew Winzer, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Thursday, February 18, 1988, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Officer Maria Michelle Groves, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, April 10, 1987, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Officer William Moss, Houston Airport Po-
lice Department, EOW: Monday, September 12, 1983, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer Charles Robert Coates, II, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednes-day, February 23, 1983, Cause: Struck by ve-hicle. 
Police Officer Kathleen C. Schaefer, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, August 18, 1982, Cause: Gunfire (Accidental). 
Officer James D. Harris, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Tuesday, July 13, 1982, Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective Daryl W. Shirley, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Wednesday, April 28, 1982, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Winston J. Rawlins, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Monday, March 29, 1982, Cause: Fire. 
Police Officer William Edwin DeLeon, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Monday, March 29, 1982, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Officer Jose A. Zamarron, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Saturday, April 18, 1981, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Detective Victor R. Wells, III, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Thursday, October 2, 1980, Cause: Gunfire. 
Deputy City Marshal Charles H. Baker, 
Houston City Marshal’s Office, EOW: Thurs-day, August 16, 1979, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Timothy Lowe Hearn, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Thursday, June 8, 1978, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer James F. Kilty, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Thursday, April 8, 1976, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer George G. Rojas, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, Janu-ary 28, 1976, Cause: Stabbed. 
Police Officer Richard H. Calhoun, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, October to, 1975, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Francis Eddie Wright, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Saturday, August 2, 1975, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Police Officer Johnny Terrell Bamsch, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Thursday, January 30, 1975, Cause: Gunfire. Police Officer Jerry Lawrence Riley, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, June 18, 1974, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer David Huerta, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Wednesday, Sep-tember 19, 1973, Cause: Gunfire. 
Patrolman Antonio Guzman Jr., Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, January 9, 1973, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Jerry L. Spruill, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, October 26, 1972, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer David Franklin Noel, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Saturday, June 17, 1972, Cause: Stabbed. 
Police Officer Claude R. Beck, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Friday, December 10, 
1971, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Police Officer Robert Wayne Lee, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, January 31, 1971, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Leon Griggs, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Saturday, January 31, 1970, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Kenneth L. Moody, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, No-vember 26, 1969, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Bobby L. James, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 26, 1968, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Officer Ben Eddie Gerhart, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 26, 1968, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Louis R. Kuba, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Wednesday, May 17, 1967, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Louis L. Sander, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Saturday, January 21, 1967, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Floyd T. DeLoach Jr., Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, June 30, 1965, Cause: Gunfire . 
Police Officer Herbert N. Planer, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, Feb-ruary 18, 1965, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer James Franklin Willis, 
Houston Police Department, EOW: Wednes-day, July 1, 1964, Cause: Automobile acci-dent. 
Sergeant Charles R. McDaniel, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Sunday, August 4, 1963, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer James T. Walker, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, March 8, 1963, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Police Officer Gonzalo Q. Gonzalez, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Sunday, Feb-ruary 28, 1960, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer John W. Suttle, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Monday, August 3, 1959, Cause: Struck by vehicle. 
Police Officer C.E. Branon, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Friday, March 20, 1959, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Police Officer Noel R. Miller, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Friday, June 6, 1958, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Robert Schultea, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Saturday, August 25, 1956, Cause: Gunfire. 
Auxiliary Officer Frank L. Kellogg, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, November 30, 1955, Cause: Gunfire. 
Captain Charles R. Gougenheim, Houston 
Police Department EOW: Saturday, April 30, 1955, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Jack B. Beets, Houston Po-
lice Department EOW: Saturday, April 30, 1955 Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Fred Maddox Jr., Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Wednesday, Feb-ruary 24, 1954, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Smith Anderson ‘‘Buster’’ 
Kent, Houston Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, January 12, 1954, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Police Officer Howard B. Hammond, Hous-
ton Police Department, EOW: Sunday, Au-gust 18, 1946, Cause: Gunfire. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.034 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2845 May 12, 2015 
Police Officer George D. Edwards, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, June 30, 1939, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer M.E. Palmer, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Thursday, March 24, 1938, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer A.P. Martial, Houston Police 
Department EOW: Monday, November 8, 1937 Cause: Automobile accident. 
Police Officer James T. Gambill, Houston 
Police Department EOW: Tuesday, December 1, 1936 Cause: Heart attack. 
Detective Rempsey H. Sullivan, Houston 
Police Department EOW: Saturday, March 9, 1935 Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Harry T. Mereness, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Wednesday, October 18, 1933, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Officer J.D. Landry, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Wednesday, December 3, 1930, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Officer Willie Bonner Phares, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Tuesday, September 30, 1930, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Edward D. Fitzgerald, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Saturday, September 20, 1930, Cause: Gunfire. 
Motorcycle Officer C.F. Thomas, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Tuesday, Decem-ber 17, 1929, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Detective Ed Jones, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Friday, September 13, 1929, Cause. Gunfire. 
Detective Oscar Hope, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Saturday, June 22, 1929, Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective A. Worth Davis, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Sunday, June 17, 1928 Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective Carl Greene, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Wednesday, March 14, 1928, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer R. Q. Wells, Houston Police Depart-
ment, EOW: Saturday, July 30, 1927, Cause: Automobile accident. 
Officer Perry P. Jones, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Sunday, January 30, 1927, Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective E. C. Chavez, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Thursday, September 17, 1925 Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective Pete Corrales, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Sunday, January 25, 1925, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer J. Clark Etheridge, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Saturday, August 23, 1924, Cause: Motorcycle accident. 
Police Officer George Benard Crawford, 
Magnolia Park Police Department, EOW: Saturday, September 17, 1921, Cause: Motor-cycle accident. 
Police Officer Dave Murdock, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Monday, June 27, 1921, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Jeter Young, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Sunday, June 19, 1921, Cause: Vehicular assault. 
Detective Johnnie Davidson, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Saturday, February 19, 1921, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Ira Raney, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Ross Patton, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Horace Moody, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer E. G. Meinke, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Rufus E. Daniels, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, August 23, 1917, Cause: Gunfire. 
Detective Isaac Parson, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Sunday, May 24, 1914, Cause: Gunfire (Accidental). Detective Joseph Robert Free, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Friday, October 18, 1912, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer John M. Cain, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Thursday, August 3, 1911, Cause: Gunfire. 
Deputy Chief William E. Murphy, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Friday, April 1, 1910, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer John C. James, Houston Po-
lice Department, EOW: Thursday, December 12, 1901, Cause: Gunfire. 
Police Officer Herman Youngst, Houston 
Police Department, EOW: Thursday, Decem-ber 12, 1901, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer William F. Weiss Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Tuesday, July 30, 1901, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer James E. Fenn, Houston Police De-
partment, EOW: Sunday, March 15, 1891, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer Henry Williams, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Monday, February 8, 1886, Cause: Gunfire. 
Patrolman Richard Snow, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Friday, March 17, 1882, Cause: Gunfire. 
Officer C. Edward Foley, Houston Police 
Department, EOW: Saturday, March 10, 1860 Cause: Gunfire. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
will close with a prayer that those who are already lost will know that we pray for their eternal rest, and for those who live, that we pray for their contin-ued service to this Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior Member of the 
House Judiciary Committee; as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; as the representative from Houston, which has one of the Nation’s most effective police de-partments; and as a co-sponsor of the House companion measure, I rise in strong support of S. 665, the ‘‘Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015.’’ 
Every day, more than 900,000 officers pro-
tect and serve the people of the United States. On average, one law enforcement officer is killed in the line of duty every 58 hours. And, each year, there is an average of 58,930 as-saults on our law enforcement officers, result-ing in 15,404 injuries. 
Just yesterday, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, a 
community held a memorial for two dedicated public servants fatally shot during a traffic stop on Saturday night. Married and the father of two, Benjamin Deen, a 34-year-old K–9 offi-cer, was recognized in 2012 as the Hatties-burg ‘‘Officer of the Year.’’ Liquori Tate, just 25 years old, fulfilled a childhood dream when he graduated the police academy and joined the police force less than one year ago. For the community of Hattiesburg, these senseless deaths of on duty officers are the first in three decades. 
Hattiesburg is not alone in these tragic de-
velopments. Law enforcement fatalities in the U.S. rose 24 percent in 2014, reversing two years of significant decline. The number of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty rose from 102 in 2013 to 126 in 2014. Prelimi-nary statistics released yesterday by the FBI show that 51 law enforcement officers were feloniously killed in the line of duty in 2014. This is an increase of almost 89 percent when compared to the 27 killed in 2013. And, of those 51 felonious deaths, offenders used fire-arms in 46. 
Just one day before this tragedy in Mis-
sissippi, Officer Brian Moore was laid to rest thousands of miles away in Long Island, New 
York. Around 6 p.m. on a Saturday, Moore and his partner came upon the gunman. After identifying himself as a police officer, and ask-ing the gunman about the object in his waist-band, the gunman fatally shot Moore in the face. Moore was just 20 years old when he joined the New York Police Department and, over five years of service, he earned two med-als for meritorious police duty and two for ex-cellent police duty. 
The killing of Officer Moore in New York 
City comes on the heels of the December killings of NYPD Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu, for whom the legislation before us memorializes. These officers were killed on a Saturday afternoon, while sitting in their parked patrol car, by a man who had shared his intent to kill police officers on social media. This man traveled from Maryland to New York to execute his plan. Unfortunately, at the same time Maryland authorities were warning the NYPD of this threat, Officers Ramos and Liu were being assassinated. 
Benjamin Dean, Liquori Tate, Brian Moore, 
Rafael Ramos, and Wenjian Liu—these fallen heroes join the more than 20,000 U.S. law en-forcement officers who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice since the first known line-of- duty death in 1791, nearly 1,700 of whom hail from my home state of Texas and 121 from the Houston Police Department. 
The brave men and women who risk their 
lives to keep the peace and keep us safe are too often taken by the violence they are work-ing to prevent. So when a law enforcement of-ficer is seriously injured or killed, rapid dis-semination of information about the suspected criminal is critical to ensuring justice for that officer and keeping the public safe. 
These officers deserve more than just a re-
sponse after violence, they deserve an effec-tive, nationwide system that can widely dis-seminate advance warnings when an immi-nent and credible threat is made against them. 
Having in place such a system could be the 
difference between life and death. And, for Of-ficers Ramos and Liu, having such a system 
in place may have given them a fighting chance. The measure before us seeks to meet these safety challenges by putting in place such a system. 
The Blue Alert system is modeled after the 
Amber Alert and the Silver Alert programs, which have been very successful in finding ab-ducted children and missing seniors. Currently 22 states, including my home state of Texas, have local Blue Alert programs in operation. There is no national system, however, to co-ordinate alerts across multiple state lines. 
This legislation addresses this gap by direct-
ing the Attorney General to establish a na-tional communications network within the De-partment of Justice to disseminate information when an officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, or the target of an imminent, credible threat to do the same, and assign a Department of Justice officer to act as the na-tional coordinator of the Blue Alert Network. 
The National Blue Alert Coordinator will— (1) provide assistance to states and local 
governments using Blue Alert plans; 
(2) establish voluntary guidelines for states 
and local governments for developing these plans; develop protocols for efforts to appre-hend suspects; 
(3) work with states to ensure regional co-
ordination of various elements of the network; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.036 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2846 May 12, 2015 
(4) establish advisory groups, to assist 
states, local governments, law enforcement agencies and other entities in initiating, facili-tating, and promoting Blue Alerts through the network. 
The Coordinator will also determine what 
procedures and practices to use in notifying law enforcement and the public when a law enforcement officer is killed or seriously in-jured in the line of duty, or is the target of an imminent, credible threat to do the same, and which procedures and practices are the most cost effective to implement. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time to expand this excel-
lent program nationwide. Passage of S. 665 will not prevent the loss of all brave law en-forcement officials in the future, but it can help. Even if it saves one life, and enables one officer to return safely home to his or her loved ones, this legislation will have proven its value. 
It is particularly timely that we consider this 
measure during National Police Week. 
This week is a special occasion during 
which we recognize our law enforcement offi-cers and honor those who lost their lives in the line of duty. But it would be careless not to also reflect on the events that are unfolding across the Nation in response to tragic inci-dents involving the use of lethal force against unarmed citizens. 
The measure before us will enhance officer 
safety, which should always be one of our major concerns, but the issuance of alerts alone is not enough. The safety of law en-forcement officers and community members are undeniably intertwined, but recent events have made it clear that the mutual trust and respect necessary for this relationship needs to be strengthened. 
If we are to succeed in the vital mission of 
building trust and mutual respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve, we must work to really see each other. We must also work to understand each other’s re-ality. 
Citizens need to see the risks and dangers 
the men and women of law enforcement expe-rience when they put on their badge. Law en-forcement needs to see the same risks and dangers men and women in their communities experience when they walk down the street or drive their cars. We must see that we are not enemies and we must commit to addressing these problems in a productive and nonviolent manner. 
In order to fully see each other, we need to 
gain a clear picture of what is happening in our communities. The lack of comprehensive and reliable data feeds into this distrust and is an obstacle to moving us forward. 
As stated by FBI Director Comey, we can-
not effectively address concerns about ‘‘use of force’’ policies and officer-involved shootings if we do not have a firm grasp on the demo-graphics and circumstances of such incidents. 
That is why I have introduced H.R. 1810, 
the CADET Act, which would mandate the data collection and analysis necessary to properly educate and train law enforcement. We simply cannot have an informed discus-sion about sound policy if we do not improve the way we collect and analyze data. 
But it does not stop there. If we are to truly 
succeed in this mission, we in Congress must have a frank conversation about the policies we have enacted that have caused and exac-erbated this distrust. We must recognize the role that our actions 
have played in constructing a criminal justice system that creates more criminals and vic-tims than justice. And, we must do our part by taking up the task of reforming our criminal justice system so that it is fairer and delivers equal justice to all persons. 
Mr. Speaker, I support this bipartisan legis-
lation because it increases safety for us all and it is an important step towards repairing the relationship between law enforcement and the communities that they serve. 
Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to join 
me, the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the National Sheriffs Association in supporting S. 665. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to support this good and important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Iowa). The question is on the 
motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 665. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DON’T TAX OUR FALLEN PUBLIC 
SAFETY HEROES ACT 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 606) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 606 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Don’t Tax 
Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN COMPENSATION 
RECEIVED BY PUBLIC SAFETY OFFI-CERS AND THEIR DEPENDENTS. 
Subsection (a) of section 104 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (4), by strik-ing the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) amounts received pursuant to— ‘‘(A) section 1201 of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796); or 
‘‘(B) a program established under the laws 
of any State which provides monetary com-pensation for surviving dependents of a pub-lic safety officer who has died as the direct and proximate result of a personal injury sustained in the line of duty, except that subparagraph (B) shall not apply to any amounts that would have been pay-able if death of the public safety officer had occurred other than as the direct and proxi-mate result of a personal injury sustained in the line of duty.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R EICHERT ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AS-
CRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include statements and ex-traneous material on H.R. 606 currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
my friend and colleague from Min-nesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), who is also a 
member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, for introducing the legislation that we are considering today. 
Mr. P
AULSEN has been a great cham-
pion for our Nation’s law enforcement, and this bill will provide much-needed relief to the families of fallen public safety officers. 
As we celebrate National Police 
Week, we are reminded of the sacrifices of our many brave men and women who wear the badge. 
When law enforcement officers pay 
the ultimate price and give their lives in the line of duty, we have a responsi-bility to help take care of the families that they leave behind. 
For too long, the law has been silent 
on whether the benefits surviving spouses and dependents receive through State and Federal Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefits programs are sub-ject to Federal income tax. This bill will remove all ambiguity and codify the IRS’ 1977 ruling that PSOB benefits should not be subject to taxation. 
When a public safety officer has been 
catastrophically injured or killed in the line of duty, their families should not also have to deal with paying taxes on the benefits they receive after that loved one has paid the ultimate price while protecting their fellow Ameri-cans. The sacrifices of our men and women who wear the badge keep us safe, and now we have the opportunity to help provide for those that they leave behind. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank both Chairman R
YAN and 
Ranking Member L EVIN of the Ways 
and Means Committee for allowing the bill coming to the floor today, and I thank my good friends Representatives P
AULSEN and R EICHERT , my co-chair, 
for presenting this bill with me and for their continued support of our law en-forcement. 
Our public safety officers make ex-
traordinary sacrifices to protect our communities by putting their lives on the line day in and day out. 
Members take an oath after we are 
elected. The first part of the oath, our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.029 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2847 May 12, 2015 
chief priority, is to protect the country 
from foreign, but it also says domestic, foreign and domestic. That is our pri-ority. That is the main reason why we are in the Congress of the United States. There are a lot of other rea-sons, but that is our primary oath to the people of this country. And that is why the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) and myself—there isn’t 
a day that goes by that we are not talking about how we could support po-lice officers, not in word but in deed, those folks who put their lives on the line, be they trooper, be they sheriff of-ficer, be they municipal police officer, be they an authority police officer, re-gardless. 
We heard the tragic numbers before 
in the previous bill. 
Officer Rafael Ramos, who died with 
Officer Liu, was sitting in a squad car. Officer Ramos was a 40-year-old mar-ried father who was studying to be-come a pastor when he was killed. His friends and family remember him as a selfless man of faith. He left behind a wife and two children. Officer Ramos loved playing basketball with his sons in the park, watching the Mets, and playing Spanish gospel music. 
It is families like these that we 
honor in this legislation. The last thing a family mourning their lost loved one who died in the line of serv-ice should be faced with is a tax pen-alty. 
We have a responsibility to take care 
of the families of the officers slain in the line of duty. It is a priority. When everything is a priority, nothing is a priority. We are saying in this legisla-tion this is a priority of ours. 
This commonsense legislation en-
sures that the families of fallen public safety officers are not taxed on the death benefits they receive should a horrible tragedy occur and their family member be taken from them on the job. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge this legislation 
to be passed, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AUL-
SEN). 
Mr. PAULSEN. I thank the gen-
tleman from Washington, Chairman R
EICHERT , for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, for the past 54 years, we 
have celebrated National Police Week during the third week of May; and once again, thousands of officers and the families of law enforcement are here in Washington this week to remember and honor the sacrifices of our officers who serve and protect our homes, our small businesses, and our families every day. That is because, Mr. Speaker, every day, our Nation’s police officers— 900,000 officers across this country— wear their uniforms with pride. They go about their jobs without a second thought to the dangers that come with protecting others and in securing our community. Sadly, though, we are reminded too 
often of the dangers that these heroes face. 
Just 3 days ago, in Hattiesburg, Mis-
sissippi, Officers Benjamin Deen and Liquori Tate were shot and killed while making a routine traffic stop. They were just 34 and 24 years old. 
b1800 
Last July in Minnesota, Mendota 
Heights police officer Scott Patrick tragically lost his life in the line of duty. A 19-year veteran, Officer Pat-rick is remembered as a loving father of two children and somebody who was friendly, helpful, and was always look-ing to serve others. This year, he would have celebrated his 48th birthday. In-stead of a party, his family spent the day in court for the murder trial of his killer. 
It is not only law enforcement that 
put their lives on the line to protect and serve our community. Just last week, 44-year-old Kevin McRae, a 24- year veteran of the Washington, D.C., fire department, tragically lost his life when a high-rise building where he had been fighting a fire for nearly an hour collapsed. He leaves behind a wife and three young children. 
For these public safety officers and 
these first responders who have lost their lives in the line of duty, we have a responsibility to ensure that their families are taken care of. In fact, that is why the Federal Government and many State governments provide that public safety officer benefit to the de-pendents of those heroes that are killed in the line of duty. 
However, because current law is si-
lent on whether State or Federal sur-vivor benefits are subject to Federal income tax, there is a question of whether the IRS can collect tax on these benefits. And the last thing these families need after losing a loved one is for the IRS to come knocking. That is why I worked with Senator A
YOTTE to 
introduce the Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act. It will en-sure that families of fallen law enforce-ment officers and firefighters who die in the line of duty receive the benefits they were promised without a tax grab from the IRS. 
While the IRS ruled back in 1977 that 
Federal PSOB benefits should be treat-ed just like workers compensation and not be subject to taxation, the IRS has refused to make a similar rule for State-based payments and instead has forced families to go through a burden-some private letter ruling. 
Clarifying current law will provide 
relief. It will provide certainty to sur-viving dependents, and it will guar-antee they are not forced to pay Fed-eral income tax on survivor benefits after their loved ones have given the ultimate sacrifice. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sheriff 
R
EICHERT , my colleague, and I want to 
thank Congressman P ASCRELL for their 
bipartisan leadership of the Law En-forcement Caucus and standing up for this legislation and the other bills we 
have heard today on the floor. I also want to thank Senator A
YOTTE for her 
leadership in the Senate. It was this legislation that was a passion project of hers ever since the IRS went after one of her constituents’ survivor bene-fits. 
The bill is endorsed by many dif-
ferent law enforcement organizations: The Fraternal Order of Police, the Na-tional Association of Police Organiza-tions, the National Conference on Pub-lic Employee Retirement Systems, the National Troopers Coalition, the Ser-geants Benevolent Association, the International Union of Police Associa-tions, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, and the Major County Sheriffs’ Association. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I will close by just 
asking my colleagues to support this legislation for the families of those po-lice officers, firefighters, and first re-sponders who help keep us safe. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I in-
quire of Mr. P
ASCRELL if he has any ad-
ditional speakers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey has yielded back his time. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to reclaim the bal-ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. PASCRELL. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, currently the IRS has 
not ruled on the tax treatment of State payments, instead allowing any dis-pute, as Mr. P
AULSEN just pointed out, 
to be resolved via what they call a pri-vate letter ruling. 
This bill will provide clarity and re-
lief to surviving dependents, guaran-teeing they are not forced to pay an ex-cessive tax after their loved ones have given the ultimate sacrifice. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I think that we are 
together on this. I wish we were to-gether on a lot of other things, but we are together on this because we will do anything to support our law enforce-ment officers in the United States of America, the greatest country in the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to agree with the 
comments made by Mr. P
ASCRELL and 
Mr. P AULSEN on how important this 
legislation is to the families who have lost a loved one. They should not be burdened further with additional taxes on the benefits that that family should be receiving, the sad loss of their loved one in service to their community. This is the second bill tonight that we are considering in support of and show-ing our appreciation for and honoring those who serve across this country today and who have lost their lives in service to this country and all the com-munities across this great Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.038 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2848 May 12, 2015 
In fact, the first piece of legislation 
that we considered earlier was the Blue Alert legislation, and that was one of the recommendations that came out of the President’s own police and commu-nity task force. So, as Mr. P
ASCRELL  
said, not only are the Members of the House and the Senate in agreement here, but also the administration, which is a moment that we all need to pause and appreciate that we are all to-gether on this. We see how important and how critical this legislation is and how important and critical it is to show our support for those men and women who leave their families each and every day to keep us safe. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this 
legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, as we pass 
the bipartisan Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act, I’d like to share with you a little bit about fallen Michigan State Trooper Paul K. Butterfield II. On September 9th, 2013, Trooper Butterfield was shot on a routine traf-fic stop. 
Responding units located Trooper Butterfield 
on the ground suffering from a gunshot wound to the head. He was then flown to a regional hospital, where he eventually succumbed to his wounds while in surgery. 
Trooper Butterfield was a dedicated public 
servant; after serving in the U.S. Army, he joined the Michigan State Police where he served for 14 years until his death in the line of duty. Family and friends remember him for being soft-spoken, kind, and always smiling. 
This bill honors the legacy of not only 
Trooper Butterfield, but all first responders who have laid down their lives. Several hun-dred first responders die every year in the line of duty. These officers, and their families, should know that we support them and what they do. I am proud to cosponsor this bipar-tisan legislation to ensure that families of pub-lic safety officers will receive the full benefits they deserve should their loved ones succumb to the ultimate sacrifice. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 606. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEFENDING PUBLIC SAFETY 
EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT ACT 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty- free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2146 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defending 
Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EARLY RETIREMENT DISTRIBUTIONS TO 
FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFI-CERS, FIREFIGHTERS, AND AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS IN GOVERN-MENTAL PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 72(t)(10)(B) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘, or’’, 
(2) by striking ‘‘means any employee’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
‘‘(i) any employee’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) any Federal law enforcement officer 
described in section 8331(20) or 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code, any Federal cus-toms and border protection officer described in section 8331(31) or 8401(36) of such title, any Federal firefighter described in section 8331(21) or 8401(14) of such title, or any air traffic controller described in 8331(30) or 8401(35) of such title.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION TO DEFINED CONTRIBUTION  
PLANS .—Section 72(t)(10)(A) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘which is a defined ben-efit plan’’. 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTIONS NOTTREATED AS MODI-
FICATION OF SUBSTANTIALLY EQUAL PAY-
MENTS .—Section 72(t)(4)(A)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by inserting ‘‘or a distribution to which paragraph (10) applies’’ after ‘‘other than by reason of death or disability’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 3. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act shall not 
be entered on either PAYGO scorecard main-tained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statu-tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AS-
CRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2146 currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the Defending Public 
Safety Employees’ Retirement Act, H.R. 2146, is a straightforward bill that would simply ensure fairness to public safety officials by extending the same treatment that applies to State and local public safety officials to Federal public safety officials as well. 
I spent 33 years in law enforcement. I 
know from my own experience and from those with whom I worked just how strenuous a job protecting our fel-
low Americans can be. You never know when or what kind of situation you might be called to intervene in. It is taxing both mentally and physically. I could tell lots of stories here tonight over my 33-year career to illustrate that point, but I won’t put Congress through that. Sometimes it is so men-tally and physically draining that many law enforcement officials are subject to mandatory retirement at young ages. Think of someone who has spent an entire lifetime, 30, 35 years, in law enforcement, and the things that they have witnessed and seen. 
I was a homicide detective. I, unfor-
tunately, was in an assignment where you had to process the scenes of mur-der victims and collect the remains of people who had been victims of serious assaults resulting in death. Those memories never leave you. The stress of responding to a ‘‘person with a gun’’ call, a ‘‘man with a knife,’’ a domestic violence call, and never knowing what is going to happen day after day after day in responding to those calls—it is a stressful job. Through no fault of their own, they may need to access savings earlier than a standard retirement age. So we should ensure they are granted access without penalty. 
Under the current law, Mr. Speaker, 
individuals who attempt to access their retirement savings before the age of 59
1⁄2are hit with a 10 percent tax. In 
2006 Congress removed this penalty for State and local government public safety officers accessing their retire-ment accounts at the age of 50. This legislation would give Federal law en-forcement officers, Federal firefighters, and air traffic controllers, who often must retire early, the same treatment. They are treated equally as local offi-cials and officers. We previously recog-nized the need for this to happen at the State and local level, and it is just common sense that Federal public safe-ty officials should receive the same op-portunity. 
When it comes down to it, these men 
and women have spent a majority of their lives protecting us, and because of that, we should be able to protect them from the IRS. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank Mr. R
EICHERT for all 
the work he has done on this legisla-tion to bring it to the floor this evening. We are talking about H.R. 2146. 
Law enforcement officers face phys-
ically demanding work day in and day out. Current law recognizes this by making Federal law enforcement offi-cers and firefighters eligible to retire after 20 years and at age 50. 
By the way, if I may say something 
on this, Mr. Speaker, I don’t particu-larly like this idea because it is a way to get rid of experienced police officers throughout the United States of Amer-ica. If you dump on them the fact that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.039 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2849 May 12, 2015 
what we are going to do is we are going 
to play games with their pension funds, you force even more out. We are not saving any money, and we are not sav-ing any time when we push the most experienced officers off the payroll. 
A flaw in the system makes it impos-
sible for many of these retirees to ac-cess their earned benefits in their fif-ties. Most Federal employees—we are talking about Federal here—receive re-tirement benefits through the Federal Employees Retirement System. This three-part system is made up of a de-fined pension plan, a defined TSP con-tribution plan, and Social Security. 
However, although Federal law en-
forcement officers can retire at 50 and access two-thirds of their retirement benefits, they face a 10 percent tax pen-alty if they withdraw from the defined contribution plans like TSP before the age of 59
1⁄2. State and local law enforce-
ment officers do not face the same pen-alty because Congress rightly recog-nized they should not be penalized after a physically taxing career pro-tecting our communities. 
Federal law enforcement officers do 
not enjoy these same protections. This bill would bring equity to the men and women carrying out their sworn duty to protect and serve. It would address a fundamental unfairness in the U.S. Tax Code by removing Federal law enforce-ment from the 10 percent penalty pro-visions that currently apply to early withdrawals from government plans. 
Additionally, Mr. Speaker, the bill 
would ensure that the penalty-free withdrawals apply to both govern-mental defined benefit and defined con-tribution plans like the Federal Thrift Savings Plan. 
There is no justifiable reason that 
Federal law enforcement officers and firefighters from a diverse array of agencies and missions must wait up to 9
1⁄2years longer than their State and 
local counterparts before they can fully access their savings without in-curring a penalty. 
b1815 
The brave men and women who work 
in our law enforcement agencies, fire departments, and others who sacrifice themselves each day deserve equitable treatment under the Tax Code. 
Let’s stand up for their fair treat-
ment and well-deserved retirement benefits for the men and women who work so hard to protect us. 
The American Federation of Govern-
ment Employees writes: 
On a daily basis, Federal firefighters, BOP 
correctional workers, Customs and Border Protection officers, and Federal law enforce-ment officers secure our Federal buildings’ safety, handle the most dangerous offenders behind bars, and patrol our Nation’s borders. When these Federal employees meet all of the established requirements for Federal re-tirement, they deserve full access to their government retirement plan. 
Let’s honor the faithful commitment 
these officers have shown us by show-ing our commitment to them here on the floor of Congress. I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AUL-
SEN), a member of the Ways and Means 
Committee. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker and 
Members, I rise in support of this very commonsense bill, as Mr. P
ASCRELL  
just laid out, to correct an inequity that exists within the retirement sys-tem for Federal law enforcement offi-cers. 
Public safety employees are often 
subject to mandatory retirement upon reaching a certain age. Unfortunately, for many Federal law enforcement offi-cers, this forced retirement occurs a couple of years before they are able to legally access their retirement ac-counts without a penalty. 
It makes no sense to force these offi-
cers who protect us and who serve our communities to then retire without being able to access their own money that they have earned and diligently saved. The Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act corrects this inequity and gives these public safety officers the certainty they de-serve after years of service. 
I want to thank Sheriff R
EICHERT for 
his leadership on this issue and look forward to its passage. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I wanted to just comment on some of 
the words from my friend, Mr. P
AS-
CRELL . Again, I appreciate his partner-
ship in co-chairing the Law Enforce-
ment Caucus with me and all those who are members of the Law Enforce-ment Caucus in recognizing this is a very important week, a sad week, for a lot of families that are here in Wash-ington, D.C., putting names of their loved ones on the National Law En-forcement Officers Memorial. 
On Thursday night, there will be a 
candlelight vigil at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. On Friday afternoon, with the President, there will be a service on the front lawn of the Capitol recognizing those who lost their lives in service to their communities across this country with all of those family members present in the audience. 
There are three bills tonight that we 
considered that have come together to really, I think, show bipartisan support from the administration, to the House of Representatives, to the Senate, both Democrats and Republicans coming to-gether to show their support for the men and women who wear the badge and the uniform across this country. 
There are still things that we can do, 
and people wonder what the Federal Government can do for local law en-forcement. Well, we showed three things tonight that we can do to help local law enforcement and show our support for them. 
Mr. P
ASCRELL pointed out, I think, 
one other, and that is the retirement issue. I think that is another thing 
that we can work on. I agree with Mr. P
ASCRELL on that issue. 
I think that there is another issue 
that we can work on that some Mem-bers may not be fully aware of, and that is the delayed payment of death benefits for those killed in the line of duty. 
For example, Mr. Speaker, in my 
community, a police officer died in the line of duty over 3
1⁄2years ago—31⁄2 
years ago—and, as far as I know, today, his family has still not received the death benefit that is due. Three-and-a- half years is too long for a family to wait when their loved one has lost their life in service to this country. 
Mr. P
ASCRELL and I will continue to 
work together with the law enforce-ment organizations across this country looking for ways that we can support them and show that we care and show the families that we care. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, as we vote 
on H.R. 2146 in the House today, I would like to share with you the dire reality facing our brave first responders who put their lives on the line for the safety of the American people. 
The health-related risks associated with the 
work of our first responders, though rarely considered by the average American, are largely due to stress and overexertion. The United States Fire Administration (USFA) tracks the number of first responder fatalities each year and has provided valuable analysis for nearly four decades. The data shows that over the course of the past 10 years, 757 first responders in the United States have suffered from heart-related fatalities; including heart at-tacks, due to the extremely stressful nature of their work. 
While firefighting can be an incredibly re-
warding profession for a first responder— make no mistake—it is also one of the dead-liest. High rates of cancer and heart attacks plague our public safety defenders. Under our current law, first responders can retire at the age of 50, as long as they have completed 20 years of service. Those 20 years are con-sumed by immediate midnight response calls, the physical toll of carrying heavy equipment, ventilating smoke-filled areas, salvaging build-ing contents, rescuing victims and admin-istering emergency medical care. 
H.R. 2146 is a bipartisan proposal that 
would reform federal tax law by allowing fire-fighters, federal law enforcement officers and air traffic controllers, to access funds from their government plans after age 50 and with-out facing a 10 percent penalty fee. These first responders have more than earned their ability to access their retirement after over 20 years of strenuous service. We should feel ashamed for penalizing our public safety defenders by levying penalties and fees on those who are entitled and deserve to retire. 
When our lives are on the line and we call 
911, we expect help to come without hesi-tation and our brave first responders do not fail in their duty. For this reason we must not fail them after a lifetime of service. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.041 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2850 May 12, 2015 
REICHERT ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2146, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. 
Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 21 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa) at 6 
o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
DON’T TAX OUR FALLEN PUBLIC 
SAFETY HEROES ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 606) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 413, nays 0, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 216] 
YEAS—413 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici 
Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk 
Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—18 
Barletta 
Capps Crawford DesJarlais Engel Fincher Fleischmann 
Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Katko Lieu, Ted Lynch Marchant 
Meng Rokita Ruiz Rush Sewell (AL) 
b1857 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina and Mr. 
TIPTON changed their votes from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER laid before the House 
the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 6, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to 
transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from Mr. Robert A. Brehm and Mr. Todd D. Valentine, Co-Executive Direc-tors of the New York State Board of Elec-tions, indicating that, according to the pre-liminary results of the Special Election held May 5, 2015, the Honorable Dan Donovan was elected Representative to Congress for the Eleventh Congressional District, State of New York. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk. 
Enclosure. 
STATE OF NEWYORK, 
STATE BOARD OF ELECTIONS , 
Albany, NY, May 6, 2015. 
Hon. K AREN HAAS, 
Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MS. HAAS: This correspondence is 
being sent to advise that the unofficial re-sults as calculated after the close of polls at the Special Election held on Tuesday, May 5, 2015 for Representative in Congress from New York’s 11th Congressional District are as fol-lows: Vincent J. Gentile received 15,808 votes, Dan Donovan received 23,409 votes, James C. Lane received 527 votes. 
Absentee and provisional ballots will be 
counted pursuant to New York’s statutes, be-ginning on Wednesday, May 13, 2015, Absen-tee ballots mailed to eligible voters num-bered 5,528 and voted ballots returned to date number 2,922. The number of absentee and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.043 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2851 May 12, 2015 
provisional ballots will not alter the out-
come of this special election. 
To the best of our knowledge, there is no 
pending litigation that would alter the out-come of this contest, 
As soon as official results are certified to 
this office by the boroughs of Richmond and Kings in the City of New York, constituting the 11th Congressional District, our official Certification of Election will be prepared and transmitted, as required by law. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT A. B REHM . 
TODDD. V ALENTINE . 
f 
b1900 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE 
DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR., OF NEW YORK, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from New York, the Honorable Daniel M. Donovan, Jr., be permitted to take the oath of office today. 
His certificate of election has not ar-
rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER. Will Representative- 
elect Donovan and the members of the New York delegation present them-selves in the well. 
All Members will rise and the Rep-
resentative-elect will please raise his right hand. 
Mr. DONOVAN appeared at the bar of 
the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will 
support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you 
are now a Member of the 114th Con-gress. 
f 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE 
DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR., TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. RANGEL. My dear friends, the 
good people of Staten Island and Brooklyn of the great city and State of New York have sent to us a man to rep-resent the Empire State of New York, the open door for immigrants who have come here historically from all over the world, and we welcome him on be-half of this delegation, as well as the good Democrat and Republican Mem-bers of this House of Representatives. I welcome him to the House and look 
forward to the great contribution he will make to our city, our State, the Congress, and our great country. 
I would like to introduce someone 
also of good democratic stock from the great State of New York, P
ETER KING, 
who will join with me in welcoming our friend from Richmond County. 
Mr. KING of New York. Thank you, 
Congressman R
ANGEL . 
It is my privilege to introduce a man 
who has been a friend for many years. He has been a career prosecutor. For 12 years, he was district attorney in Stat-en Island. He was overwhelmingly elected. He is a true public servant. He is universally respected and is a man of unquestioned integrity. He is going to be an outstanding Congressman. 
It is my privilege to introduce the 
Congressman from Brooklyn and Stat-en Island, the Honorable Dan Donovan. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored to join you, and I am humbled by the confidence that the people of the 11th Congressional District of New York have placed in me. 
I want to thank all of my volunteers 
and supporters for helping me get here. I want to thank my family for every-thing that they have done for me. I promise to make all of them proud of my representation of them here as a Member of the greatest legislative body in the world. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of 
rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath to the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ), the whole 
number of the House is 433. 
f 
REGULATORY INTEGRITY 
PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to House 
Resolution 231 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1732. 
Will the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. 
Y
OUNG ) kindly resume the chair. 
b1903 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and re-sponsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other pur-poses, with Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole rose earlier today, amend-ment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–98 offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) had been 
disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2-minute 
vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 248, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 217] 
AYES—167 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—248 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.051 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2852 May 12, 2015 
Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Barletta Beyer Capps Crawford DesJarlais Fincher Fleischmann 
Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Lieu, Ted Lynch Marchant Meng 
Rokita Ruiz Rush Sewell (AL) 
b1910 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-
mittee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-
mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1732) to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 231, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on the 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the adoption of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. AGUILAR. I am, in its current 
form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Aguilar moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 1732 to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forth-with with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 4. PROTECTING THE SUPPLY OF WATER FOR 
SAFE DRINKING, TO MITIGATE AGAINST WESTERN DROUGHT, FOR AGRICULTURAL USES, AND FOR PROTECTION FROM FLOODING. 
In the process of rulemaking required by 
this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall protect the quality and in-tegrity of surface waters and wetlands that are available: 
(1) For public water supplies, which are a 
significant source of drinking water for mu-nicipalities, including in the Great Lakes where the Lake Erie algal bloom has forced cities such as Toledo, Ohio, to rely on bot-tled water. 
(2) To mitigate against the harmful impact 
of drought in California and other western States, which has reached historic propor-tions. 
(3) For agricultural uses, including irriga-
tion. 
(4) To mitigate against the adverse im-
pacts of flooding and coastal storms, such as the Mississippi River Flood of 2011 and Hurri-canes Katrina, Rita, and Sandy. 
Mr. AGUILAR (during the reading). 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. b1915 
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, this 
is a final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
This motion is simple. It requires the 
Army Corps and the EPA to ensure that important surface waters and wet-lands are protected during the new rulemaking process this bill starts. 
This motion requires that the quality 
of public water supplies be protected. Around the country, we have seen drinking water sources contaminated, like the algal bloom in Lake Erie that forced Toledo, Ohio, to use bottled water. 
In California, the historic drought 
has reduced many surface waters to stagnant pools of water. Seven million Californians rely on these streams for their drinking water. We need to make sure these drinking water sources are protected to keep families and commu-nities healthy. 
The drought in California has 
reached emergency levels, and this mo-tion ensures that waters and wetlands that help mitigate the drought in the West are protected. These waters need protection under this rule because, if they are contaminated, then we have few other options to ensure commu-nities in southern California have ac-cess to water sources. 
California is implementing water use 
restrictions to deal with the drought, but it doesn’t make sense to take these steps if we don’t make sure the wet-lands and waters that recharge them are protected. 
Finally, this motion guarantees that 
water used for agriculture, including for irrigation, are safeguarded. Califor-nia’s agriculture industry depends on clean water, and this motion preserves the exemptions agriculture already gets under regulations. 
In short, this is a commonsense 
amendment to the bill to guarantee protections for water used for the public’s drinking supply, for lessening the impact of the drought in California and the West, and for agriculture. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Speaker, I 
strongly oppose this motion to recom-mit. 
First of all, it has nothing to do with 
drought. Second, it is just a backdoor attempt to allow the EPA to take con-
trol of all the waters in America. In ad-dition to that, my colleagues from California have tried, time and time again, to work with their colleagues on the other side of the aisle to solve this drought problem in California, but my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have refused to work together. Again, this has nothing to do with drought. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.026 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2853 May 12, 2015 
The purpose of H.R. 1732 is to uphold 
the Federal-State partnership in regu-lating the Nation’s waters by main-taining the balance between the States and the Federal Government in car-rying out the Clean Water Act. 
H.R. 1732 restricts the administra-
tion’s current administrative efforts to expand Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act and requires the Agency to engage in federalism con-sultation with their State and local partners to implement the Clean Water Act. 
However, this motion is designed to 
undermine the legislation by giving the EPA unfettered discretion in making State water quality determinations in order to allow the EPA to continue to implement this flawed rule. 
In effect, the amendment says that 
the underlying bill will not apply vir-tually anywhere the EPA decides that the bill should not apply. This amend-ment would further erode the Federal and State partnership that H.R. 1732 seeks to preserve. 
Let me remind my colleagues that 32 
States have said revise or eliminate this rule. My colleagues, all day, have talked about we haven’t seen the final rule, but we have seen the proposed rule, and the proposed rule is going to be very similar to the final rule. We have seen this happen time and time again. 
We have to stop this rule. I urge my 
colleagues, all 435 Members of this body, to take notice. This is another attempt by the executive branch to take Congress’ constitutional author-ity away from us. We should all take this as a serious challenge. 
For too long, this body has allowed 
the executive branch to take our au-thority granted to us by the constitu-tion. I say, whether it is a Republican or Democrat administration, we have to stop that. 
The bill, H.R. 1732, is a step in the 
right direction. It is a good bill that maintains the balance of regulation and of our Nation’s water. 
We must preserve the Federal-State 
partnership that exists under the Clean Water Act, which has been for 40 years, until this administration’s attempting to impose an overbearing EPA on our States. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, 
and the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2146. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 175, nays 241, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 218] 
YEAS—175 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis 
Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Barletta 
Capps Crawford DesJarlais Fincher Fleischmann Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Lieu, Ted Lynch Marchant Meng Rokita 
Ruiz Rush Sewell (AL) 
b1926 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Speaker, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 261, noes 155, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 219] 
AYES—261 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin 
Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.051 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2854 May 12, 2015 
Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—155 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney 
Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Barletta Capps Crawford DesJarlais Fincher Fleischmann Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Lieu, Ted Lynch Marchant Meng Rokita 
Ruiz Rush Sewell (AL) 
b1932 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEFENDING PUBLIC SAFETY 
EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2146) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make pen-alty-free withdrawals from govern-mental plans after age 50, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 5, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 220] 
YEAS—407 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr 
Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici 
Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren 
Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.012 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2855 May 12, 2015 
Rothfus 
Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—5 
Amash Massie McClintock 
Ribble Yoho 
NOT VOTING—20 
Barletta 
Capps Crawford DesJarlais Fincher Fleischmann Goodlatte Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Lieu, Ted Lynch Marchant Meng Rokita 
Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sewell (AL) Wenstrup 
b1941 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN HONOR 
OF OFFICERS LIQUORI TATE AND BENJAMIN DEEN OF HATTIES-BURG, MISSISSIPPI 
(Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the lives of the two po-lice officers who were killed in the line of duty in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, on May 9, 2015, Officer Benjamin Deen and Officer Liquori Tate. 
I am joined tonight by my fellow col-
leagues and Mississippians, Congress-man G
REGG HARPER and Congressman 
BENNIE THOMPSON . We would like to 
take this time to lend our prayers to the families of these two young men, to the Hattiesburg Police Department, and to the community for their loss. 
This week, our Nation observes Na-
tional Police Week, and we recognize the bravery, fortitude, and sacrifice demonstrated by police officers nation-wide. They put their lives on the line to defend our communities and our citizens against criminals and thugs. 
I ask the House to join us tonight in 
honoring the lives of Liquori Tate and Benjamin Deen by joining me in a mo-ment of silence. PERMISSION FOR COMMITTEE ON 
ARMED SERVICES TO FILE SUP-PLEMENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to file a supplemental report on the bill H.R. 1735. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ILL). Is there objection to the request 
of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
WIOA TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS 
ACT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Education and the Workforce be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1124) to amend the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1124 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘WIOA Tech-
nical Amendments Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO WORKFORCE INNOVA-
TION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF AREAS SERVED BY  
RURAL CONCENTRATED EMPLOYMENT PRO-
GRAMS AS LOCAL AREAS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 106(b) of the 
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3121(b)) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) 
as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) A
REAS SERVED BY RURAL CONCENTRATED  
EMPLOYMENT PROGRAMS .—The Governor may 
approve, under paragraph (2) or (3), a request for designation as a local area from an area described in section 107(c)(1)(C).’’. 
(b) L
OCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARDS .—Section 107(i)(1)(B) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3122(i)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998’’. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY SYS-
TEM.—Section 116 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3141) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)(iv), by striking 
‘‘clause (i)(IV)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)(VI)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘for a pro-
gram described in subsection (d)(2)(A)’’. 
(d) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .—Section 132(b) of 
such Act (29 U.S.C. 3172(b)) is amended, in paragraphs (1)(B)(iv)(I) and (2)(B)(iii)(I), by inserting ‘‘less than’’ after ‘‘fiscal year that is’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 102(b)(2)(D)(i)(III) of such Act 
(29 U.S.C. 3112(b)(2)(D)(i)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 106(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(b)(6)’’. (2) Section 129(b)(1)(C) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3164(b)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(6) and (c)(2) of section 106’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b)(7) and (c)(2) of section 106’’. 
(3) Section 134(a)(2)(B)(ii) of such Act (29 
U.S.C. 3174(a)(2)(B)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 106(b)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(b)(7)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect as if included in the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL COUNCIL 
ON DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 400(b) of the Re-
habilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 780(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) Each member of the National Coun-
cil shall serve for a term of 3 years. 
‘‘(2)(A) No member of the National Council 
may serve more than two consecutive full terms beginning on the date of commence-ment of the first full term on the Council. Members may serve after the expiration of their terms until their successors have taken office. 
‘‘(B) As used in this paragraph, the term 
‘full term’ means a term of 3 years. 
‘‘(3) Any member appointed to fill a va-
cancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which such member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of such term.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall take effect as if enacted 1 day after the date of enactment of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). 
The bill was ordered to be read a 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1945 
EXPRESSING THE CONDOLENCES 
OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES ON THE DEATH OF THE HON. JAMES CLAUDE WRIGHT, JR., FORMER SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I offer a 
privileged resolution (H. Res. 254) and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 254 
Resolved , That the House has learned with 
profound sorrow of the death of the Honor-able James Claude Wright, Jr., former Mem-ber of the House for 18 terms and Speaker of the House of Representatives for the One Hundredth and One Hundred First Con-gresses. 
Resolved , That in the death of the Honor-
able James Claude Wright, Jr. the United States and the State of Texas have lost a valued and eminent public servant and cit-izen. 
Resolved , That the Clerk communicate 
these resolutions to the Senate and transmit 
a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. 
Resolved , That when the House adjourns 
today, it adjourn as a further mark of re-spect to the memory of the deceased. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 May 14, 2015 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H12MY5.REC H12MY5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2856 May 12, 2015 
will postpone further proceedings 
today on the additional motion to sus-pend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
FALLEN HEROES FLAG ACT OF 
2015 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 723) to provide Capitol-flown flags to the immediate family of fire fight-ers, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 723 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fallen He-
roes Flag Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PROVIDING CAPITOL-FLOWN FLAGS FOR 
FAMILIES OF LAW ENFORCEMENT AND RESCUE SQUAD WORKERS KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At the request of the im-
mediate family of a fire fighter, law enforce-ment officer, member of a rescue squad or ambulance crew, or public safety officer who died in the line of duty, the Representative of the family may provide the family with a Capitol-flown flag, together with the certifi-cate described in subsection (c). 
(b) N
OCOST TO FAMILY .—A flag provided 
under this section shall be provided at no cost to the family. 
(c) C
ERTIFICATE .—The certificate described 
in this subsection is a certificate which is signed by the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Representative pro-viding the flag, and which contains an ex-pression of sympathy from the House of Rep-resentatives for the family involved, as pre-pared and developed by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘Capitol-flown flag’’ means a 
United States flag flown over the United States Capitol in honor of the deceased indi-vidual for whom such flag is requested; and 
(2) the term ‘‘Representative’’ includes a 
Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress. 
SEC. 3. REGULATIONS AND PROCEDURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Clerk shall issue regulations for carrying out this Act, including regulations to establish procedures (including any appro-priate forms, guidelines, and accompanying certificates) for requesting a Capitol-flown flag. 
(b) A
PPROVAL BY COMMITTEE ON HOUSE AD-
MINISTRATION .—The regulations issued by the 
Clerk under subsection (a) shall take effect upon approval by the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for 
each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2020 such sums as may be necessary to carry out this Act, to be derived from amounts appro-priated in each such fiscal year for the oper-ation of the Capitol Visitor Center, except that the aggregate amount appropriated to carry out this Act for all such fiscal years 
may not exceed $30,000. 
SEC. 5. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall take effect on the date of its 
enactment, except that no flags may be pro-vided under section 2 until the Committee on House Administration of the House of Rep-resentatives approves the regulations issued by the Clerk of the House of Representatives under section 3. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. N
UGENT ) and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material in the R
ECORD on the 
consideration of this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support 
of H.R. 723, the Fallen Heroes Flag Act. The bill before us would allow Members of Congress to honor a firefighter, law enforcement officer, member of a res-cue squad or ambulance crew, or public safety officer who died in the line of duty by providing the family of the de-ceased individual, at their request, a United States flag flown over this Cap-itol. 
Our Nation’s flag would be accom-
panied by a certificate containing an expression of sympathy for the family of the individual who passed away, signed by both the Speaker of the House and the individual’s Representa-tive here in Congress. 
This measure, authored by the distin-
guished gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) allows our House to express its 
gratitude and recognition for an indi-vidual who made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of public service to this great country. 
Many in our country put their lives 
on the line every day to serve others. They are the firefighters who charge into burning buildings in order to save life or property; they are the police of-ficers and other law enforcement offi-cers who respond to incidents and through their actions shield others from harm; they are the members of rescue squads or ambulance crews who spend countless hours perfecting life-saving skills and rush to the scene of a disaster; and they are the public safety officers who work to patrol our roads, man the dispatch communication lines, and work within our justice system to accomplish countless other safety serv-ices for our communities. 
Our Nation is exceedingly blessed to 
have individuals who answer the call to dedicate their lives serving others. We are very grateful to be surrounded by 
individuals who work hard each day to save and protect lives. Each swore an oath to uphold our laws, and each sac-rifices safety in the defense of others. 
These individuals are our daily he-
roes. The rescue workers and law en-forcement officers are our sons and daughters, they are our mothers and fathers, they are our sisters and broth-ers who each day rise up and stand in the defense of others. And in some cases, these heroes pay the ultimate sacrifice, and they are killed in the line of duty, just as we heard earlier. It is a tragedy in the truest sense of the word when one of these extraordinarily fine individuals loses their life, most especially while in the act of saving the life of another. 
I stand here, Mr. Speaker, not just as 
a Member representing my congres-sional district but also as someone who knows firsthand the sacrifices that these men and women put forward to serve their communities. Before I came to Congress, I served my community as a police officer, as a deputy sheriff, and eventually as a sheriff in a county in Florida. I know what it means for so many men and women to come to work every day not knowing—you can never predict the events of the day and what those events may hold for you. But one thing is certain: you will answer the call for help with everything you have got. When you kiss your wife or hus-band goodbye or your children good-bye, when you start your shift, they want to know you are going to come home. But they also know that the re-alities of life are it is possible that you may make the ultimate sacrifice for your community. 
So, Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate 
that we recognize their selfless efforts of sacrifice and offer this meaningful token as an expression of our Nation’s gratitude. It is an honor to stand here today in support of this legislation. Each Member of Congress should have the ability to recognize these brave in-dividuals for their heroism and to ex-tend a gesture of sympathy and grati-tude to their immediate families. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join 
with my colleague across the aisle, Congressman N
UGENT , in support of 
H.R. 723, the Fallen Heroes Flag Act. 
This sensible bill provides for Cap-
itol-flown flags in memory of fire-
fighters, police, and emergency re-sponse personnel who are tragically killed in the line of duty. 
While we can never fully convey our 
gratitude to public safety and emer-gency personnel who risk their lives practically every day, it is my hope that this small gesture brings some level of comfort to the families of those who have given the ultimate sac-rifice in the line of duty. 
We recognize their sacrifice and that 
of their families and loved ones. We are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.061 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2857 May 12, 2015 
eternally grateful. As Members of Con-
gress, we often have the sad duty and solemn responsibility of expressing condolences to families who have lost a loved one in the line of duty. At no ex-pense to these families, this is one small way to express our condolences and gratitude for their service. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to 
support H.R. 723, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING). He is the distin-
guished sponsor of this bill. 
Mr. KING of New York. I thank the 
gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his years of service in law en-forcement and for his dedication here in the United States Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of this legislation. I think it is particu-larly appropriate that this bill will be passed during National Police Week at a time when we honor those who put their lives on the line every day. This isn’t just an abstraction. This is really very real, as we saw tonight with the delegation from Mississippi acknowl-edging their two police officers who were murdered on Saturday night. And just last week in New York a neighbor and constituent of mine, Brian Moore, a member of the NYPD, was shot down. He was murdered in Queens Village in Queens, New York, a young man, 25 years old. He already had 150 arrests. He was a member of an elite anticrime unit. He was shot down in the prime of life. His father was a retired police ser-geant. His cousins were on the NYPD and also the Nassau County Police De-partment. 
So these are real, Mr. Speaker. These 
are real lives. These are real lives that are lost. These are real people putting their lives on the line, and there are real families who suffer when they are left behind. That is why it is so impor-tant, I think, that we in Congress ac-knowledge that. One way to do that is by being able to present a flag signed by the Speaker and by the Member of Congress who represents the person who was killed in the line of duty. 
Tonight we had a new Member of 
Congress sworn in, D
ANDONOVAN from 
Staten Island. D ANwas with me on Fri-
day at the funeral of Brian Moore. Also, we had two tragic deaths in De-cember, Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, two NYPD officers who were murdered in Brooklyn. D
ANand I were 
at that funeral along with thousands and thousands, in fact, tens of thou-sands of officers from all over the coun-try. 
So it is important that we stand in 
solidarity with the men and women of blue. They come under terrible onslaughts and attacks. So much of it is untrue, so much of it is slanderous, and so much of it is carried on by the media. But, Mr. Speaker, the fact is these men and women are out there every day. They are out there doing their job, and it is really important that we stand with them. The very least we can do is stand here in Con-
gress and support them and also then pay them the tribute of standing with their family with the flag when that terrible moment comes that they lose their lives in the line of duty. 
So with that, Mr. Speaker, I again 
thank the gentleman for his leadership, I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania for his bipartisan spirit, and I strongly urge support of this legisla-tion. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to say how 
proud I am to stand with Mr. N
UGENT  
as well as with my fellow Notre Dame alumnus, Mr. K
ING, in backing this 
very sensible and decent piece of legis-lation. I would also say, as he was men-tioning the unfortunate tragedies that have happened to members of the NYPD, as a proud resident of the city of Philadelphia, I have only been a Member of Congress for a few months, but I have been in elective office for 6 years, and during that time we, unfor-tunately, lost more Philadelphia police officers killed in the line of duty, as well as three Philadelphia firefighters killed in the line of duty. That was more than in any 5- or 6-year period in the city’s history, which dates to 100 years before the founding of our coun-try. 
So it is a sad and solemn reminder of 
the sacrifice that they are willing to make on our behalf each and every day. 
I believe that supporting this legisla-
tion is a proper gesture that we can make here in this House, and I am happy to support it. With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a proud day. Mr. 
B
OYLE , I do appreciate your comments 
in regard to those who serve us. Mr. K
ING, I think your reputation precedes 
you in regard to caring about those who care for us every day. 
It is a thankless job a lot of times to 
be a fireman or a police officer or an EMT. Those folks go to work because they want to help people. They don’t go to work because they want to hurt someone. They are driven by this de-sire to do right and to do good every day. 
It is really easy sometimes, I think, 
that we forget that these are men and women who, whether they wear the badge of a law enforcement officer or a firefighter or an EMT or any other pub-lic safety officer, do their job because they are committed to their commu-nity. They do it because they love their community. So when some folks want to rush to judgment, I would just sug-gest that until you walk in their shoes, until you know what it is like to serve in that capacity, I would ask that peo-ple use a little restraint and maybe wait until investigation is complete be-fore we start making decisions in re-gards to guilt or innocence. I had to do that as sheriff. I had depu-
ties who were involved in fire fights where other folks were killed. But you wanted to make sure that—listen, we want to know the facts. We want to know the truth. And if a police officer does something that is wrong, then he should be dealt with. But not all police officers do things wrong. They are human beings, and sometimes they do make mistakes. 
Mr. Speaker, this particular bill 
talks to those who have paid the ulti-mate sacrifice, no matter how they served this great country, whether it was in the fire service or the law en-forcement service or public safety in any manner. This is about recognizing them and their families for their serv-ice. These first responders and public safety officers stand side by side with each other supporting each other in a common goal. Whether you are a fire-man or a police officer, it is a common goal to do the right thing. 
They and their families live with 
these risks. They know what the job brings, the risks that are incurred, but they do that selflessly. Every time they put on that uniform to go to work, they do it knowing that some-thing bad could happen to them that could change the lives of their children and their families forever. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill allows us in 
Congress to offer a simple yet mean-ingful expression, I believe, of sym-pathy. We can’t make up the family’s loss to them, but we can remember these fallen heroes, and we can offer their families our gratitude as we honor those loved ones’ memories, as I think this body should do every day be-cause there are folks that stand the line for us, whether it is fighting a fire, rescuing us from a trapped vehicle at a scene of horrific destruction, whether it is tornadoes or earthquakes, law en-forcement officers have to go places that no other folks want to go. 
b2000 
I just thank you, Mr. K
ING, for bring-
ing this bill forward. I want to thank my good friend on the other side of the aisle, Mr. B
OYLE , for standing for what 
is right, and I appreciate that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. N
UGENT ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 723. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS 
WEEK 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.062 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2858 May 12, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, last week was National Small Business Week; and, while back in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, I attended a ceremony hon-oring Jim and Colleen Small for receiv-ing the 2015 Western Pennsylvania Dis-trict Small Business Persons of the Year Awards. 
For Jim and Colleen, pursuing a sec-
ond career as businessowners trumped an early retirement, so they decided to open UPS Store #5642 in State College, Pennsylvania. 
Like many small-business owners 
starting out, Jim and Colleen faced challenges, but through community outreach, a dedicated staff, and lots of hard work, the Smalls now run a very successful small business. 
Mr. Speaker, small businesses are the 
backbone of our economy, and I 
couldn’t think of a better way to cele-brate National Small Business Week than by recognizing two outstanding local small-business leaders. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating Mr. and Mrs. Small on receiving this well-deserved award, and I thank them for all that they do for our community. 
f 
UCR BOURNS COLLEGE 25TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the 25th anni-versary of the University of California, Riverside’s Bourns College of Engineer-ing. In 1990, UCR opened its new public engineering college to educate the next generation of engineering leaders. Since then, the college has produced over 5,600 engineering graduates and is ranked first among public universities of the same size. 
Not only does the UCR Bourns Col-
lege of Engineering offer a quality en-gineering education, it is committed to recruiting students who are a true re-flection of the ethnic and cultural di-versity of the world in which we live. 
The college is also home to world- 
class engineering researchers who are leveraging Federal dollars to improve air quality, predicting wildfires, dis-covering alternative energy fuels, and developing new materials that will change our lives. 
I want to applaud UCR’s chancellor, 
Kim Wilcox, and dean of engineering, Reza Abbaschian. I know they will lead the Bourns College of Engineering down an even more successful path over the next 25 years. 
f 
THANKING UNNAMED GARLAND 
POLICEMEN 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is 
National Police Week, and I did want to rise in recognition of the brave law 
enforcement officers of the police de-partment in Garland, Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, just a little over a week 
ago, May 3, two heavily armed assail-ants opened fire outside an event at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. Thankfully, some of Texas’ fin-est police officers were on hand to pro-tect the innocent lives inside. 
Traffic police and SWAT officers 
from the Garland Police Department did their job. They subdued these two would-be mass murderers before they were able to take a life. 
To date, these heroes remain 
unnamed, but we cannot overlook their bravery and their willingness to put their lives on the line to protect ours. They kept this crisis from becoming a tragedy, and they averted what likely could have been the largest mass cas-ualty situation north Texas has ever seen. 
Mr. Speaker, I extend to the Garland 
Police Department my sincerest appre-ciation for their service and their brav-
ery. These heroes deserve our deepest appreciation for their selfless preserva-tion of human life. 
f 
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-
night to bring light to the secretive, job-killing global trade pact called the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the TPP. Supporters want to rush it through Congress using a procedure called fast- track authority, which forces a vote with no opportunity to amend the deal. This should alarm all Americans. 
In its current form, this deal would 
outsource even more of America’s good jobs out from under our working fami-lies, degrade global environmental and working standards, and cause investor rights to override worker rights. It pro-pels a global race to the bottom. 
The trade ambassador and the admin-
istration assert that the TPP has strong and enforceable labor standards and environmental commitments. The TPP includes four nations—Mexico, Brunei, Vietnam, and Malaysia—that are notorious labor and human rights violators. 
They are already out of compliance 
with the standards supposedly in TPP. Frankly, our U.S. Trade Representa-tive has had a bad habit of sweeping trade violations right under the rug. 
Our history of trade agreements in 
Guatemala, Honduras, and Colombia show the need for stronger obligations and a rigorous plan for implementing and overseeing them. 
Including commitments in the final 
agreement is not enough. These na-tions have to change their laws and practices, and we have to enforce them. 
Mr. Speaker, we should vote against 
TPP because what is going to happen is more American workers will be cashed out, and exploited workers around the world will find life gets harder. NEED FOR LONG-TERM HIGHWAY 
BILL 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to act swiftly to prevent the highway transit trust fund from expiring. If we do not act, this critical program will expire in just 7 legislative days. 
I am proud to be a member of the 
House Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, and my district in Il-linois is a central hub for the shipment of goods and people over road, rail, water, and air. 
I truly believe that, by investing in 
our infrastructure, we are making a down payment on our Nation’s long- term economic well-being. These in-vestments not only create jobs, but they create jobs that cannot be outsourced. By investing in our infra-structure now, as opposed to punting the ball down the field, we are saving money in the long term. 
Over half a million good-paying con-
struction jobs hang in the balance, and construction on 6,000 critical projects across the country could be put on hold. This is unacceptable and why we must act now to provide certainty that our local communities, businesses, and hard-working families deserve. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Hello, America. 
Do you know what is going to happen in just a few days? In 7 legislative days, the United States highway trust fund runs out of money—kaput, it is over— a fund established by President Eisen-hower in the 1950s, out of money. 
What is the House of Representatives 
doing? What is your Representative and your Senator doing? Well, I suspect debating the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship—the TPA—when, in fact, this is the big jobs issue. 
The trade negotiations, you can de-
bate it forever; but if you really want to create jobs in America, pay atten-tion to this, America. Pay attention to the fact that the Federal highway trust fund expires in 7 legislative days. We have got work to do here; we have got a lot of work to do, and it is not hap-pening. 
I am a Californian. I represent the 
State of California. We have a pretty high opinion of ourselves in California, maybe deserved or not; but what it means to us when the highway trust fund shuts down, what it means is a lot of jobs. 73,572 jobs will be jeopardized at the end of this month of May. We are looking at 5,692 active highway and transit projects will stop, red light stop, don’t go forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.065 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2859 May 12, 2015 
For California, in just 7 legislative 
days, a very, very important thing hap-pens—actually, far, far more important than the Trans-Pacific Partnership or the trade promotion authority. This is where the big jobs are in America. Building the infrastructure of America is how you create jobs today and on into the future because you lay the foundation for economic growth. 
If you couple those transportation 
programs with another long, long-standing American law, which is Buy America, Make It In America, you not only create the foundation, but you also create immediate manufacturing jobs of all kinds. From the bulldozers, to the tractors and the backhoes, to the steel and the concrete, you buy it in America; you build the infrastruc-ture in America, and you create imme-diate jobs. 
How many? Well, I think we all know 
Duke University. It is more than a bas-ketball school. It also happens to be one of the more thoughtful research in-stitutions in the United States. They produced a little book that about 535 of the Representatives of the American people ought to be reading. 
This ought to be the bedtime reading 
for the Senators and the Members of Congress: ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Creates American Jobs,’’ Duke Univer-sity Center on Globalization, Govern-ance, and Competitiveness. 
I am going to read just a few things 
here just to drive this point home. 
Old and broken transportation infrastruc-
ture makes the United States less competi-tive than 15 of our major trading partners and makes manufacturers less efficient in getting goods to market. 
You want to get goods to market, 
build the infrastructure. 
Underinvestment costs the United States 
over 900,000 jobs, including more than 97,000 American manufacturing jobs. 
You want to Make It In America, 
build the infrastructure. 
Maximizing American-made materials 
when rebuilding infrastructure has the po-tential to create even more jobs. Relying on American-made inputs can also mitigate safety concerns related to large-scale out-sourcing. 
It is our Make It In America policy. 
It is the agenda that we have been driv-ing for the last 5 years here. Build the infrastructure, Buy America, Make It In America. 
Competitiveness, a lot of talk, every-
body wants to talk about the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership, or the TPA. You want to be competitive; you build the American infrastructure—again, Duke University. 
The United States boasts the world’s larg-
est stock of transportation infrastructure as measured by combined bridges, airports, sea-ports, and miles of road, rail, pipeline, and inland waterways. 
It is a very good start, foundation. 
The United States is not well positioned 
compared to its major trading partners in terms of quality of transportation infra-structure. Global assessments of transpor-tation infrastructure place the United States in 16th place out of 144 nations. You want to improve our competi-
tiveness, you want to create jobs, build the infrastructure. 
b2015 
The quality of transportation infra-
structure affects the United States’ competitiveness, point No. 6, and here is what we can do about it. 
Instead of the administration’s 
spending all of its energy and all of its time talking about how we are going to deal with international trade that, in all likelihood, will create fewer jobs in America—so much so that they have to put into that Trans-Pacific Partner-ship a provision that would actually pay American workers who have lost their jobs—why don’t they talk about their own GROW AMERICA Act? 
This is the Department of Transpor-
tation. This is the President’s program, the GROW AMERICA Act. It is, really, a good piece of legislation. It is not yet introduced, unfortunately, but it calls for $7.6 billion to fix our highway sys-tem—this is all annual—$6.8 billion to improve public transportation, $3.4 bil-lion to strengthen our rail systems— Amtrak and other kinds of rail sys-tems—and $1 billion to accelerate our freight support system. If you really want to do international trade, you really have to build the freight man-agement system in this Nation. It has got to go out, not just in, and you can’t do it with the antiquated freight sys-tems that we have in the United States. This is $476 billion over a 4-year period of time. It is a good project—it is fully paid for—but we are not even talking about it here. 
We have got work to do. The purpose 
of this 1 hour, which will, actually, be significantly less than an hour, is to say, ‘‘Hello, America. Wake up. Ask your Members of Congress: ’What are you doing about transportation? What are you doing in 7 legislative days to fix the transportation system? Are you paying attention? Are you paying at-tention to your State? to your commu-nity that you represent? to the jobs that you are going to see and the high-way projects and the transit projects? Are you paying attention?’’’ In 7 legis-lative days, at the end of this month, the Federal highway trust fund termi-nates along with the projects that are supported by it. It is a problem. It is our problem. We need the courage to act, and we need to pay attention to what is really important, which hap-pens to be the transportation infra-structure of this great Nation. We need to rebuild it. 
Joining me this hour is the gentle-
woman representing the Capital of the United States, Washington, D.C., Dele-gate E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON , the 
ranking member of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee. 
Delegate N
ORTON , thank you for join-
ing us tonight. I am looking forward to your presentation. 
Ms. NORTON. I want to thank my 
good friend from California because it is you who have done a great service to 
the Nation’s infrastructure and trans-portation by taking out this hour vir-tually every week. Sometimes it is a lonely hour, but I want you to know that some of us notice. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am not lonely 
tonight with you. I am glad you have joined us. 
Ms. NORTON. I will say that the way 
in which you have persisted is really a model for how Members get things done in this House, so I have come down, first, to thank and honor you for what you have done. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you. Ms. NORTON. I have to say, in listen-
ing to you, I simply can’t figure it out, as your one-man show alone should have been enough to get this bill reau-thorized. It is a very unusual way for one Member to take one issue and just not let it rest. Our committee and this Congress owe you a great debt of thanks particularly when you consider, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , that you are talking 
about a bill that has strong bipartisan support in a Congress that is not known for bipartisanship. So I thank you from the bottom of my heart for what you have done. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you. Thank 
you for your leadership on the High-ways and Transit Subcommittee, be-cause you are carrying the weight of this particular piece of legislation. 
Ms. NORTON. And it is weighing us 
down. I am afraid we are not getting anywhere, but if we keep trying and if we keep following your leadership and the leadership of Mr. S
HUSTER on that 
side of the aisle and of Mr. D EFAZIO on 
this side of the aisle, you couldn’t have a better partnership in this Congress. I can’t believe we won’t be able to get something done, but May 31, my friend, looms, as you said in 7 days—or is it 6? The fact is that we are counting down, and there are some of us coming on the floor with you each day to count down. I was here on a 1-minute earlier today, and I think Members are beginning to understand the obligation that they have to take on, the obligation that you have taken on as a lonely Member for months now. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. It has to be done. 
We absolutely have to do this with your leadership on the subcommittee in trying to find a path to build the in-frastructure and in looking for ways to pay for it. 
Actually, the administration in the 
GROW AMERICA Act found a way to pay for it—with the earnings of Amer-ican corporations that are overseas. Bring those back; tax them; and we would have enough money, together with the existing excise tax, to build our infrastructure over the next 4 to 5 years, so we have got to do it. 
Ms. NORTON. And that would give us 
a long-term bill. The administration admits that it, too, is not the answer because, after that, we still have to come up with a new way to pay for transportation and infrastructure. You, yourself, talked about when this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.067 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2860 May 12, 2015 
all started, which was in the Eisen-
hower administration. We have gotten so efficient now. I drive a hybrid car, which doesn’t use much gas. So we have got to be prepared to really think through an entirely new way of funding transportation and infrastructure. 
You mentioned the GROW AMERICA 
Act. I will be introducing that act soon. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Good. Ms. NORTON. The administration 
does want it introduced. Mr. G
ARAMENDI , we need it, if for nothing 
else but as a marker. What are we talk-ing about? If nothing has been intro-duced, I am not sure the American peo-ple will recognize just how far we have to go. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. You have to lay 
down the marker. You laid down the first proposal, and it is really good. I said 4 years. Actually, it is a 6-year bill—$478 billion—and it covers all of the elements. All of the elements are there. If somebody has got a better idea, we haven’t heard it. 
I am delighted. When you introduce 
that bill, count me as one of the co-authors of it, and I look forward to working with your leadership to push it along. 
Ms. NORTON. Oh, you would be the 
very first one given what you have done on this floor, and I am glad you mentioned some parts of the bill and its cost. Yes. Guess what? It costs money; it costs something to do trans-portation and infrastructure; but the administration has had many Mem-bers’ support of bringing back untaxed funds abroad that want to come back and of using it for something that ev-erybody is for. 
I understand that our ranking mem-
ber, Mr. D
EFAZIO, has written Mr. 
RYAN of Ways and Means to ask for a 
joint hearing of our committee with the Ways and Means Committee so that we can work together, and there are rumors, because that is all we hear about of this bill these days, that there may be one in June. You will notice that that is after May 31. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. This is a major 
concern in that it seems as though the most common thing that happens here in Congress is a game that we used to play as children. It is called ‘‘kick the can.’’ You would get an old No. 16 can, and you would kick it around the yard. We kick the can down the road here so often instead of really gripping the issue and saying, ‘‘Okay. Let us do something that lays out a long-term, 6- year plan where the States and the counties and the cities can actually project projects and know that the funding is going to be there so they can be efficient and effective and prioritize.’’ Instead of doing that, we just kind of kick the can down the road. 
They are talking about a 6-month, 
until the end of September, with the same level of funding. We are going to lose a lot of jobs, and the opportunity to build the systems that we absolutely have to have in order to grow our econ-
omy is not going to happen. I just go, ‘‘Why would we do that? We have a good model.’’ 
I am looking forward to the introduc-
tion of the GROW AMERICA Act that you are going to introduce. Tell us what is wrong with this. Tell us where it doesn’t meet the needs. 
My Republican colleagues and Demo-
cratic colleagues, what is missing? What improvements should there be? Tell us what it is. We will deal with it. 
The funding source, as you said, 
makes sense. American corporations— Apple and others—have billions of dol-lars—almost $1 trillion—of profits overseas that are not taxed. Bring it home. Use that to invest in America. Bring the capital home so that you can put labor and capital together, starting with infrastructure, and build this Na-tion. Mr. D
ELANEY , our colleague from 
Maryland, has a good proposal, a bipar-tisan proposal, that does that. 
Run with it, Congress. Run with it, 
Senate. Let’s do something. 
Ms. NORTON. Oh, you have made 
such an important point because you say, if not this, what? 
The Democrats—we on this side of 
the aisle—are willing to sit down with you to come up with whatever bill we can compromise on. We just have to be shown a bill. The reason I am going to introduce the GROW AMERICA Act is so that we can begin there. Maybe they don’t want that. Okay. Let’s bargain down from there, but we can’t do noth-ing. We can’t go home and say, ‘‘Well, we did nothing,’’ and we certainly can’t simply wait for our friends on the other side of the aisle. 
Now, I want my friend from Cali-
fornia to know that representatives of the states were in the House today and I went to say a few words to them. They were in one of our committee rooms—a group that calls itself the ‘‘Big Seven.’’ They were the leaders in the States. They were the Governors, the National Conference of State Leg-islatures, the National League of Cit-ies, the United States Conference of Mayors. They were begging for this bill, so they had their own meeting here. 
I think that it behooves us to ramp 
up the pressure, we who are on the in-side. When you see that those who rep-resent the infrastructure we are talk-ing about are on the Hill, pleading, without an answer from either side, well, our side is trying to answer; and because there is so much bipartisan-ship, there is just no reason that we shouldn’t be sitting down and trying to figure this out. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. We really must do 
that. 
Yesterday, I was in the Central Val-
ley—Modesto, California—for a meet-ing, and I had to drive to San Fran-cisco for a speech over Interstate 580, the Altamont Pass, and it is so broken up. There is the fast lane on the Altamont Pass, as you go up over the mountain, that actually has about a 6- inch crack in the fast lane. As you 
drive down, you are driving down on one side of the crack. You have one wheel on one side and the other wheel on the other side of this crack, and you say, ‘‘Whoa, I hope I can make it through here.’’ That is a major trans-portation route with tens of thousands of cars traveling on it every day. So the state of good repair? Not in Cali-fornia. 
What does it mean? If we were to 
take the GROW AMERICA Act that you are going to introduce, it would mean that, compared to this year, 2015, we would have $7.6 billion more across the Nation to repair the highways in our Nation. The Altamont Pass, it is downright dangerous—I was shocked— but they don’t have any money to fix it. There would be $7.6 billion for all of this Nation to do it. 
Then the buses, the transit agency in 
San Francisco. I was parked in San Francisco, waiting for a stoplight. A bus pulls up, and it had to be a 1950 bus. It was rusted out, and I am sure the seats were torn apart. All good credit to San Francisco for trying, but across the Nation, it is the same way—here in Washington, D.C., with the transit agencies, Amtrak. 
By the way, Amtrak came to Con-
gress. They wanted money—this is some good news—and we actually passed an Amtrak bill out of the House of Representatives a couple of months ago. Yet do you know what they want-ed to do? They wanted to get a waiver on the Buy America provisions. They have to build, I think, 28 locomotives and train sets—high-speed—and they didn’t want to buy it in America. I am going, no, no way. If we are going to spend American taxpayer money, spend it on American-made equipment, on American jobs. Make It In America. No way are you going to get out of that. 
b2030 
I also want to talk about this, but 
you have got a bridge behind you. 
Ms. NORTON. I do. You talked about 
the project in your district, and that project with the crack in the road is emblematic of what is happening in the 
United States. 
Mr. G
ARAMENDI , they can’t even start 
on that repair because that is a major project. So another patch, as we call it, or short-term funding, means that the backlog of major projects remains. You can’t start what America needs, which are major projects. If we could put them all here in this Chamber, they would pile up to the ceiling. They sim-ply have to sit there with 6-month patches or even a 1-year patch. Yours is a major Federal highway, and Cali-fornia can’t do anything about it. 
I went to such a highway in my own 
city, and that is why I brought this poster. The Washington Post picked it up and says, ‘‘Norton Uses Bridge to Make a Point.’’ It is interesting. Al-though this bridge also has real de-fects, I was using it to make another point, that every form of transpor-tation depends upon this bridge in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.074 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2861 May 12, 2015 
Nation’s Capital: the intercity buses; 
the intracity buses; the street car, if you are going to a major highway; the Metro—all of it comes to a head there. 
A point that you touched upon, 
which is seldom made here, is a point I tried to make when I went to the H Street—or Hopscotch—Bridge, and that is that the failure to rebuild that bridge is keeping a complete overhaul of Union Station from occurring, not to mention a whole new community that would be built over it, because they can’t move on those major eco-nomic development projects until the bridge is done, and it will take 5 years to rebuild that bridge. 
So you see, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , we are 
not just holding up obvious infrastruc-ture projects; we are holding up major economic development projects that simply can’t get started until the roads and bridges are fixed. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, you couldn’t 
be more accurate, and you certainly did make the point. I was looking at the picture there. You have got the Northeast corridor, the entire Amtrak system underneath that bridge into Union Station, which I think is prob-ably just to what I would say stage left, and the rail system goes through there, and then the highway system. I didn’t realize that this is holding up the reconstruction of Union Station. 
Ms. NORTON. So that we can get 
high-speed rail. So you can’t get high- speed rail unless you dig down. You can’t do that unless people can get over this bridge. You talked about billions of dollars of highway bridge and transit that is being held up. I don’t even want to begin to try to calculate how much economic development that depends upon our fixing those major road projects is not getting done. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, also, the 
lives of our citizens. I don’t have the placards with me, but in previous pres-entations I have shown pictures of the Interstate 5 bridge that collapsed in Washington State near the Canadian border. It shut down commerce going north. You were not going north on that bridge because it collapsed. And then there was the bridge over the Mis-sissippi River in the Twin Cities, in Minneapolis. That bridge collapsed. I think five people lost their lives there. This is an ongoing issue, one that we need to deal with. 
The solution is at hand. The solution 
is at hand. Every community in this Nation has a transportation issue of one sort. It might be a transit, a bus, a train, or a bridge, or a highway, but we all have it. 
I am going to make one more point, 
and this will be my last, and then I will let you wrap it up. I am going to go back to what is the discussion of the day here in Washington, the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership and the TPA, the au-thorization of the fast track legisla-tion. Ninety-nine percent of our trade goes through the ports, and this is part of the GROW AMERICA Act. It is part of the freight system. I don’t think this trade bill should pass, but should it be-
come law, you have to have the infra-structure that goes with it, and you cannot have a robust trade program unless you have a well-built port sys-tem. 
By the way, one of the things that is 
going to happen is, because of our en-ergy boom, the United States is cre-ating an enormous amount of natural gas. That natural gas is in the process of being transported, shipped overseas in what is known as liquefied natural gas. You supercool, you supercompress the natural gas; you put it into a tank-er, a big ship, and you transport it. 
A new facility will go online in Lou-
isiana, and it is called the Cheniere fa-cility at Sabine Pass. It will take 100 tankers, ships, to handle the volume of that one export facility, and there are five others that are in the permitting process. I am saying, Wait a minute, that is a strategic national asset; that is part of our infrastructure. Why don’t we ship that strategic asset on Amer-ican-built ships with American sailors? If we passed a simple law here, which actually replicates the North Slope oil law back in the 1960s, we could rep-licate that and simply say: If we are going to export liquefied natural gas, do it on American-built ships with American sailors. We would build over the next two decades more than a hun-dred ships in American shipyards with American-built equipment and Ameri-cans doing the welding and building those ships, probably well over 100,000 jobs; and the seamen, the merchant marine, they would be American. 
It all fits together. It is part of our 
transportation infrastructure. It is using our great national assets, im-proving them, the transportation sys-tem, and then using those assets to create American jobs. Buy America, make it in America, transport that natural gas on American-built ships with American mariners, and take what will be your legislation, the GROW AMERICA Act, and build the in-frastructure. 
I am looking forward to the introduc-
tion of your legislation. I am looking forward to your leadership in making this happen. We have got to talk about this every single day until we wake up, until America wakes up, and says: Wait a minute, guys, do something for our Nation; build the foundation of eco-nomic growth. 
Thank you so very much for joining 
us, Delegate. I will let you close. 
Ms. NORTON. Well, again, Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI , you have my thanks, and 
you should have the thanks of this en-tire House. I am glad you closed with the program you did—you talked about the ports—because in the GROW AMERICA Act is a multimodal freight program. This is the first time it has ever been in the transportation bill. 
Now, you gave an example: 
multimodal, because we are trying to make sure that rail and highway and port projects are coordinated together. That is the efficient use of all modes of transportation together. Here on the 
East Coast, The Panama Canal is com-ing and now you have every single port trying to get that business, and you have the private sector investing like mad in railroads because they want that business, and the buses want that business. 
The private sector, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , 
is doing its job, but you can’t, in fact, in the States do the ports and the freight all by yourself or with the pri-vate sector alone. And so this bill, the GROW AMERICA Act, brings it all to-gether, gives us for the first time some-thing that we have had in ground transportation, multimodal, but we 
have not had it in freight transpor-tation so that those ports you are fo-cusing on would grow, and we grow them here, just as you said, buying American. 
I thank you once again for all you 
have done. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank you so 
very much. I thank you for your lead-ership. I am looking forward to the in-troduction of the bill and to push that through. Whether we can do it in 7 days or not—we could. It is possible. All the language is written. You will introduce it. The way of paying for it is known. We have just got work to do. 
I am just thinking about the great-
ness of this Nation and the enormous potential that we have, and how we 
just let that slip away, for lack of solid programs that really build this Nation. I think about Eisenhower and what he did with the great highway system that we have, the Interstate Highway System. There is much to be done. I look forward to your leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I notice that our Repub-
lican colleagues have been listening to our debate and have decided to come and take the next hour and carry forth to Make It in America, build the infra-structure and the foundation for eco-nomic growth. I look forward to hear-ing the gentlemen. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
USSELL ). The gentleman yields back 
the balance of his time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Do you have more 
you wish to say? 
Ms. NORTON. Yes, I certainly do. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thought we had 
completed, but I guess I am not yield-ing back quite yet. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized. 
Ms. NORTON. Again, I thank the 
gentleman for the leadership he has taken on not only this bill but on in-frastructure in our country. I did want to say a few more words because in these last 6 days we can’t leave words unsaid. 
I want to say that what my chief 
frustration is—there is really no seri-ous thinking going on in this House about ways to replace the highway trust fund except what is in the GROW AMERICA Act, and that, of course, would be for one 6-year period. The rea-son I bring this up is because I want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.076 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2862 May 12, 2015 
the American people to help us think 
about what has happened to the high-way trust fund. We have got to bring it together this time and grow America with repatriated taxes that would oth-erwise not be there. 
But let’s think of why we have to do 
that. The efficiency that we now have and we ought to be proud of that, but it means that that 1950s approach, which worked so magically, is now en-tirely out of date, and there have got to be other ways to fund transportation and infrastructure. I was very frus-trated that in the last bill, we call it MAP–21, there were not even pilots to guide us, like the so-called VMT miles driven that all of us, even those of us who are in hybrid cars, those who therefore don’t contribute as much on the present highway fund, would play our part. 
We need to sit around a table right 
here in the House and figure out what to do in the long run because we didn’t do that last July when this bill was ex-tended. There are even some people talking about, well, it can go to July because it runs out in July. Yeah, it runs out in July, and then look what happens. Treasury funds will have to be transferred just to make sure that we keep level funding going, and that level funding, meaning just base funding, will mean that no new major projects will be started in the States because of what has come to be called lack of cer-tainty. I know of no major project that can be finished in 6 months. If it takes you 2 or 3 years, leave alone the 5 years like my H St Bridge project I spoke about, then you don’t start it at all. So the money just lies fallow. It goes to no good major need. 
So who is to blame? They are going 
to look to us and say, What are you doing? That is why we are coming on this floor. They are going to look to us to stop doing the same thing over and over again and think of something that we didn’t do the last time. These short term patches are what we did the last time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, we have 
done it over and over again, and the general talk around this building is that we are going to kick the can down the road yet again, probably for an-other 6 months, just like we extended the last one for 9 months. It is not the way to do it, and the result is bad pub-
lic policy and an inability to really build the foundation for our economic future. 
You mentioned the funding, the no-
tion of a joint committee hearing be-tween the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means to discuss the funding options that you just de-scribed, and so we should talk about what the options are, and then select the one that makes the most sense for this Nation’s well-being. 
b2045 
We can do that. That is what we were 
hired to do and what the voters put us here for. Ms. NORTON. Meanwhile, as you in-
dicated, GROW AMERICA would be a way to do it for at least 6 years. 
I went to speak with the various or-
ganizations representing the States that were here today. I had my staff look at what the States are doing. Frankly, I found the States in a des-perate position. There are States that have already done gas tax increases or reforms of their own. You have got to be pretty desperate to raise your own tax and leave ours where it was 20 years ago. 
Iowa, Wyoming, Maryland, Massa-
chusetts, New Hampshire, Pennsyl-vania, Rhode Island, Virginia, Vermont, the District of Columbia, South Dakota, these State have noth-ing in common, except that they couldn’t continue to go on without funding. 
Six States are making progress on 
trying to raise their own gas tax in the absence of our doing something. Those States, in the same way, don’t have anything in common. When I say ‘‘making progress,’’ it generally means one House has at least done it, and they are trying to get the other House to raise the gas tax. They are Georgia, Michigan, North Carolina, Utah, and Washington State. 
Then there are another seven States 
which are considering changes because they just can’t wait any longer to get long-term projects going: Idaho, Ken-tucky, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jer-sey, South Carolina, and Vermont. 
When I came into the meeting today, 
there was someone from the South Da-kota Department of Transportation speaking, and it was interesting be-cause they raised the gas tax in South Dakota, a very red State, and it in-cluded an amendment also to raise the speed limit by 5 miles an hour. I think that would make it something like 80 miles an hour out there. 
He said—and he just laughed at 
this—that, although they had raised the gas tax on the residents in the leg-islature, nobody talked about anything except the increase the speed limit. That is how little the notion that you shouldn’t raise your gas tax had be-come in a State like South Dakota. 
The States are way ahead of us and 
looking to us for leadership. These 6- month increments are the exact oppo-site of leadership—delaying, as I indi-cated before, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , billions 
of dollars of other infrastructure that the Federal Government wouldn’t have to pay for often, that can’t get done, like a road or a bridge. That is why I went to such an example in my own district. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit for the R
ECORD a list of 
the top five critical infrastructure projects in my own district, the Na-tion’s Capital. The National Capital Region Transportation Planning Board has also written to this region’s bipar-tisan delegation, and I would like to have its resolution also included in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia? 
There was no objection. 
TOP FIVE CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE  
PROJECTS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
STALLED UNTIL THERE ISA LONG-TERM 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZA -
TION 
1. Rehab of 14th St NW, Thomas Circle to 
FL Ave. 
2. Safety & Geometric Improvements to I– 
295/DC295 
3. 11th St. SE Bridge (various components) 4. Improved Signal System and Commu-
nication Network 
5. Intersection of PA Ave. and Potomac 
Ave. SE 
N
ATIONAL CAPITAL REGION , 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING BOARD , 
April 27, 2015. 
Hon. J AMES INHOFE , 
Chairman, Senate Committee on Environment 
and Public Works, Washington DC. 
Hon. B ARBARA BOXER , 
Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Envi-
ronment and Public Works, Washington DC 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, House Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure, Washington DC. 
Hon. P ETER DEFAZIO, 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure, Washington DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMEN INHOFE AND SHUSTER , AND 
RANKING MEMBERS BOXER AND DEFAZIO: On 
behalf of the National Capital Region Trans-portation Planning Board (TPB) at the Met-ropolitan Washington Council of Govern-ments (MWCOG), I transmit the attached board resolution and policy principles for the reauthorization of the federal transportation programs. 
Our policy principles represent a common- 
sense approach to reauthorization. We urge Congress to enact legislation that will fund priority needs and promote effective plan-ning and project development. 
As we face the expiration of MAP–21, this 
moment offers an opportunity to dem-onstrate that our nation is still capable of taking care of its most basic needs as we plan for future generations. We urge Con-gress to act decisively and comprehensively. 
Sincerely yours, 
P
HILMENDELSON , 
Chairman. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION CONGRESSIONAL  
DELEGATION  
The Honorable Ben Cardin, United States 
Senate, Maryland. 
The Honorable Barbara Mikulski, United 
States Senate, Maryland. 
The Honorable Don Beyer, United States 
House of Representatives, 8th District, Vir-ginia. 
The Honorable Barbara Comstock, United 
States House of Representatives, 10th Dis-trict, Virginia. 
The Honorable Gerald Connolly, United 
States House of Representatives, 11th Dis-trict, Virginia. 
The Honorable Robert Wittman, United 
States House of Representatives, 1st Dis-trict, Virginia. 
The Honorable Tim Kaine, United States 
Senate, Virginia. 
The Honorable Mark Warner, United 
States Senate, Virginia. 
The Honorable John Delaney, United 
States House of Representatives, 6th Dis-trict, Maryland. 
The Honorable Donna Edwards, United 
States House of Representatives, 4th Dis-trict, Maryland. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.077 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2863 May 12, 2015 
The Honorable Steny Hoyer, United States 
House of Representatives, 5th District, Maryland. 
The Honorable Christopher Van Hollen, 
United States House of Representatives, 8th District, Maryland. 
The Honorable Eleanor Holmes Norton, 
United States House of Representatives, Dis-trict of Columbia. 
N
ATIONAL CAPITAL REGION , 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING BOARD , 
Washington, DC, April 15, 2015. 
RESOLUTION TOAPPROVE POLICY PRINCIPLES  
FOR THE 2015 R EAUTHORIZATION OF FEDERAL  
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAMS  
Whereas, the National Capital Region 
Transportation Planning Board (TPB), which is the metropolitan planning organization (MPO) for the Washington Region, has the responsibility under provisions of the Mov-ing Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21) for developing and carrying out a continuing, cooperative and com-prehensive transportation planning process for the Metropolitan Area; and 
Whereas, since 2000 the TPB has been call-
ing attention to the region’s long-term transportation funding shortfall, and has documented its unmet preservation, reha-bilitation and capacity expansion needs for the region’s highway and transit systems; and 
Whereas, federal funding for transpor-
tation infrastructure plays a significant role in the National Capital Region; projects such as the interstate system and the Metro sys-tem could never have been built without the leadership, long-standing commitment, and financial support of the federal government; and 
Whereas, the Washington region continues 
to face the challenges of accommodating growth in people and employment, more per-vasive congestion on highways and transit systems, and delays in completing critical rehabilitation needs and key expansion projects; and 
Whereas, MAP–21 was enacted on July 6, 
2012 as a two-year bill, and was extended on August 8, 2014 through May 31, 2015, which was the ninth time in the last decade that Congress has enacted a short-term extension of the federal highway and transit programs. 
Whereas, it is anticipated that Congress 
will likely again enact a short-term exten-sion prior to the May 31st expiration of MAP–21, but the need for sustained and long- term federal funding could remain unaddressed; and 
Whereas, the lack of predictability in fed-
eral funding programs has undermined the ability of state and local implementing agen-cies to effectively plan and build transpor-tation facilities that are vital to meet the challenges of the future; and 
Whereas, the lack of sustained and ade-
quate federal funding for transportation un-dermines economic growth in our region and across the nation and hinders our global competitiveness; and 
Whereas, both Maryland and Virginia took 
historic steps in 2013 to address their trans-portation funding shortfalls by raising new revenues, and the District of Columbia took similar steps five years ago, but nonetheless, the inadequacy of sustainable federal fund-ing remains a critical concern; and 
Whereas, the TPB has regularly commu-
nicated its positions regarding federal trans-portation legislation to Congress, including policy principles in 2002 and 2008, and a letter on May 21, 2014 calling upon Congress to pro-tect the Highway Trust Fund from insol-vency; and 
Whereas, at the November 19, 2014 meeting, 
the TPB directed staff to develop a set of policy principles for the reauthorization of the federal surface transportation program 
that the Board might communicate to the U.S. Congress; and 
Whereas, on April 3, 2015, the TPB Tech-
nical Committee received a briefing and commented on draft proposed policy prin-ciples: Now,therefore, be it 
Resolved that the National Capital Region 
Transportation Planning Board approves the attached 2015 Policy Principles for the Reau-thorization of Federal Surface Transpor-tation Programs’’ and further, be it 
Resolved that the National Capital Region 
Transportation Planning Board calls on the United States Congress to reauthorize an en-hanced federal surface transportation pro-gram for a full six-year period, consistent with the attached Policy Principles. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION  
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING BOARD , 
April 15, 2015. 
2015 P OLICY PRINCIPLES FOR THE REAUTHOR -
IZATION OF FEDERAL SURFACE TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAMS  
The federal government has an historic in-
terest in transportation. The benefits of fed-eral investment in a balanced, multimodal transportation system have long been recog-nized as critical to our national interest, promoting economic growth and providing access to opportunities for all individuals. In addition, the federal government has a unique obligation to support interstate com-merce and to meet critical emergency and security requirements, and thus should pro-vide an equitable contribution towards the cost of maintaining, operating and building our transportation infrastructure. 
The National Capital Region Transpor-
tation Planning Board supports the fol-lowing policy principles as a common-sense approach for reauthorization of the federal surface transportation programs. 
1. Increase Federal Transportation Fund-
ing 
A substantial increase in federal surface 
transportation funding levels is needed to address the current under-investment in the maintenance, operations and expansion of the nation’s transportation system. 
All reasonable and predictable strategies 
for sustained long-term funding should be pursued, including: 
Increases in federal fuel taxes or other 
user-based taxes and fees; 
Indexing fuel taxes and user fees to infla-
tion so as to maintain the buying power of transportation funds; 
Implementing pricing strategies enabled 
by emerging technology for all modes of travel, including rates that vary by time of day, type of vehicle, level of emissions, and specific infrastructure segments used; 
Incentivizing federal support and coordina-
tion of innovative financing techniques, in-cluding public/private partnerships; 
Utilizing savings from tax reform legisla-
tion; and 
Creation of national infrastructure banks 
or bonding programs. 
2. Fund Priority Needs An explicit program focus, with enhanced 
funding, is needed to put and keep the na-tion’s transportation infrastructure in a state of good repair. 
Federal transportation policy should pro-
vide for increased federal funding focused on metropolitan congestion and other metro-politan transportation challenges, with stronger partnerships between federal, state, regional and local transportation officials. 
The federal commitment to balanced 
multi-modal transportation systems must be reaffirmed including by restoring parity be-tween the transit commuter benefit and the parking commuter benefit. As communities seek to reduce dependency on driving and 
serve non-drivers, alternatives must be de-veloped and supported. In particular, federal funding for public transit and safe pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure should be en-hanced. 
3. Promote Effective Planning and Project 
Development 
More timely, detailed, and flexible require-
ments to comply with MAP–21’s mandate for performance based planning and program-ming should be promulgated. Adequate and timely federal support, including funding, should be provided to the states and metro-politan areas to adopt and implement the program requirements. 
The current set of performance measures 
outlined in MAP–21 should be allowed time to take effect and be evaluated before en-hancements are considered. 
Streamlining federal planning and environ-
mental review processes, outlined in MAP– 21, that are aimed at ensuring timely deliv-ery of transportation projects, should be sup-ported. 
Given the critical role of goods movement 
in our economy and the demands of freight on our infrastructure, a national freight pro-
gram should be a key component of a long- term reauthorization act. 
Ms. NORTON. I want to emphasize, 
as we approach the end, how little of a partisan problem we are talking about this evening. Republican Governors have signed the laws that I have re-ferred to. 
The committee—Mr. G
ARAMENDI will 
remember this—had Republican Gov-ernors, State department of transpor-tation executives, cities, counties, re-gional councils, and the rest before us, and the notion of devolution came up. 
This hearing was interesting because 
when devolution has come up, and devolution simply means that if States are raising their gas tax. Well, let’s stop doing a Federal highway or sur-face transportation bill. 
These States are raising their gas 
tax, and they are waiting for us to raise ours so that the partnership that is represented by State gas taxes and Federal gas taxes will remain whole until we find some other way to do this. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PASS A SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION BILL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) is 
recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, may I 
ask how much time is remaining in the hour? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 16 minutes remaining. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. G
ARAMENDI spoke 
about the Eisenhower years, which gave us the present highway trust fund. Its lasting effects make it a monu-mental contribution to American law. Our generation has the obligation to move on, now that we have become so efficient that the highway trust fund, as set up 50 years ago, is obsolete. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.053 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2864 May 12, 2015 
I remind the House that, during the 
Civil War, Abraham Lincoln built the railroad system. How could you do that during a time when the country is split apart, and in this House, we can’t fig-ure out a way to get a highway surface transportation bill passed? 
I looked up the latest figures—actu-
ally, 2015—on how our country ranks today. We ought to compare that to what Lincoln did, now going on 150 years ago, and what Eisenhower did 50 years ago. 
We now rank 25th in the world for in-
frastructure quality. We are behind every last one of our allies, and now, we see some developing countries creeping forward. We better watch out for China. They are not in the top 30 now, but they are going to get there soon. 
I remind this House that the way in 
which this country became the heavy-weight that it is in the world was through the development of its infra-structure. We had to somehow create a seamless infrastructure that would go from across the continental United States, from east to west and from north to south. 
With that, everything else became 
possible. Without that, we are simply going to be overtaken by nations that are far behind us now but, as I indi-cated are getting caught up. 
I wanted to say a word about at least 
one other section of the GROW AMER-ICA Act because it relates to transit systems which are under special strain and which, interestingly enough, are embraced by people, from big cities to the smallest towns. 
When I say ‘‘transit systems,’’ I am 
talking about everything from light rail and street cars that we have here in a big city like the Nation’s Capital to rapid transit and buses that rural America depends upon and that are simply breaking down and unable to handle the traffic. 
There is a very special provision of 
$115 billion to invest in these transit systems. The reason that this invest-ment would be so acceptable is that there is no part of America that it does not touch. 
I am not talking about, for example, 
subway systems of the kind we have in the District of Columbia and New York. I am talking about light rail and street cars and buses and rapid transit buses that small-town America uses and depends upon, and that is in the GROW AMERICA Act. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the Demo-
crats on the Transportation and Infra-structure committee are having a roundtable where each member is going to discuss a project that is stuck be-cause we have not passed a surface transportation bill. What we are trying to do at 2:30 p.m. tomorrow is put a face on what infrastructure means. 
What infrastructure means, for ex-
ample, in the District of Columbia, is the H Street or Hopscotch Bridge. I didn’t take on one of the bridges that is simply falling down. There are alto-gether 31 projects in the District of Co-
lumbia that are awaiting funding. I have asked that the projects be put into the R
ECORD . Some of you would be 
interested if you were from the Dis-trict, but it doesn’t matter. You all have projects like this in your dis-tricts. 
Unless we raise the ante, unless we 
make this an offer that this House can-not refuse, we are going to keep patching this bill until there is nothing left to patch. 
This is a House that does not move, 
even in a crisis. We saw that with the Department of Homeland Security ap-propriation, that they simply would not give up. Finally, when the adminis-tration wouldn’t change its immigra-tion executive order, they simply had to let it pass. That is how we figured that one out. 
Surely, there is a more rational way 
to figure out a surface transportation bill. I am working—at least on my side of the aisle—with 1-minutes this week, with the Special Order hour Mr. G
ARAMENDI has taken out, with social 
media, and with our work with the many organizations who have come here because this is National Highway and Transportation Week, as they have so declared. We are trying our best. 
In this case, we are not trying to 
reach a compromise. We are simply trying to get to a bill so that we can simply sit down and talk about it. If you don’t want to talk about the GROW AMERICA bill, put your own version of a bill, but don’t insult the American people by giving us nothing except another patch. 
I appreciate that, at least on my own 
committee, the Transportation and In-frastructure Committee, there is an earnest effort to find a solution to this crisis. I commend Chairman S
HUSTER  
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for 
working together in search of a solu-tion. I call upon the Ways and Means Committee, through whom the funds must come, to do their job. 
Together, we can do this. We are not 
going to let this House rest; we are not going to drop this issue, even on May 31, when the funds are set to run out and we have to find a patch. We are going to keep coming to this floor so that the American people know that there are at least some Members of this House who are struggling to get a sur-face transportation bill, are earnest about it, and won’t give up. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
b2100 
CONSTRUCTION OF THE KEYSTONE 
XL PIPELINE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to talk for a little while tonight about 
some challenges that we are facing as a nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I have never run for of-
fice before, and I will tell you I never had intentions of running for office. After sitting home watching from my home State of Louisiana, watching what is happening in Washington, and watching the dysfunction in this Na-tion, I think that the major motivation for running for office was more out of frustration than anything else—the disparity, the inconsistency in policies, decisions being made that lack, I think, the public interest and are being made more so as a result of political decisions. 
Unfortunately, what I am going to 
talk about tonight I don’t think will be the only subject that I end up coming back and talking about over the next several months. 
It seems that, oftentimes, the Fed-
eral Government’s decisions, their poli-cies, their regulations seem to lack any type of connectivity to what is actu-ally happening on the ground—deci-sions being made in a vacuum, deci-sions lacking, I think, the true exper-tise. What I am going to talk about to-night is an example of that. 
This picture right here is a picture or 
the result of bad Federal policy. Now, the administration would lead you to believe that this picture is what is going to happen by building the Key-stone pipeline. 
This is oil, Mr. Speaker. This is oil in 
all of these bags that was recently picked up, but the administration would make you think that this is what is going to result from con-structing, from building the Keystone pipeline. 
The irony is that these bags don’t 
have anything to do with the Keystone pipeline. This was actually oil that was picked up just in the last few months from an oil spill that happened in the Gulf of Mexico, the Deepwater Horizon oil spill 5 years ago—5 years ago, Mr. Speaker. 
This administration has been asked 
over and over and over again by the State of Louisiana and by the coastal parishes in our State to force the re-sponsible parties to go clean up the oil, and it is not happening. It hasn’t hap-pened. They haven’t been held account-able. 
It is unbelievable to me that we have 
an administration out there talking about their opposition to the Keystone pipeline because they are concerned about the environmental consequences at the exact same time—and over the last 5 years—allowing this to continue. It is hypocrisy. It is absurd, and it is obviously not in the public interest, Mr. Speaker. 
The only reason that the White 
House, the only reason that the State Department is involved in any deci-sionmaking whatsoever in the Key-stone pipeline is a result of the fact that the pipeline actually crosses the border between Canada and the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.079 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2865 May 12, 2015 
States. That is the one thing that actu-
ally introduces the Federal Govern-ment into this decision. 
For the most part, pipelines can be 
permitted and built by States, with State approval. They don’t need inter-action or approval from the Federal Government. 
Now, by not building the Keystone 
pipeline or not approving it, many folks in the administration would lead you to believe that that is actually going to benefit the environment, that it will result in less oil consumption, that it will result in less greenhouse gases being released into the environ-ment, into the atmosphere. The reality is that that is not accurate at all. 
The reality is that, first of all, if you 
don’t build the Keystone pipeline, you are still going to transport that oil. The Canadians will still be producing that oil, but what is going to happen is they will use other modes of transpor-tation. They will use things like barges. They will use things like rail. 
I think it is noteworthy to look at 
the statistics, to look at the historic performance of these other modes of transportation, which clearly indicate that transporting by pipeline is actu-ally the safest means, the safest mode of transportation to get this product into the United States. 
It is safest in regard to different inci-
dents. It is safest in regard to spills, impacts on individuals, on commu-nities, on the economy, on the environ-ment. The safest way to transport is doing it by pipeline. 
I mentioned that the oil will still be 
transported. Here is an example of what happens when you transport through other modes, when you don’t transport by pipeline. This is an exam-ple of what happens. 
As a result, you have had additional 
oil being transported by rail lines. Look at the extraordinary spike. Look at the extraordinary spike in the spills and the impacts to the environment as a result of transitioning to that mode of transportation. 
Mr. Speaker, we have all seen in the 
news the various accidents that have happened all over the Nation as a re-sult of this flawed policy of refusing to allow for this pipeline to proceed. 
The State of Louisiana is a logis-
tics—it is an intermodal hub. We have five of the top 15 ports in the United States. We have enough pipelines in our offshore region that they would go around the Equator if you put them end on end. 
We have an extraordinary network of 
pipelines, demonstrated right here. You can see this high concentration of pipelines that are all over our State and in the adjacent State of Texas and in all 48 States in this graphic here very, very clearly. 
I will say it again. The only reason 
the administration is involved in the Keystone pipeline decision is because that pipeline crosses the U.S. Canadian border. It is the sole reason. 
All of these pipeline networks in here 
probably did not include Federal ap-proval in regard to crossing over inter-
national borders. Take a look at this, Mr. Speaker. Take a look at, as I re-call, 1.5 million miles of pipelines 
across the country. 
The reality is that major components 
of the Keystone pipeline are actually already built or can be built without the approval of the Federal Govern-ment. That 1-foot section crossing over our Canadian border on the north is the only reason, again, that the adminis-tration is involved in this. 
The fact remains, number one, by 
building the Keystone pipeline, it will not result in additional greenhouse gases being released. The Canadians are going to continue to produce the oil. The oil will be sent either through other modes of transportation in the United States, or it will be sent to other countries. 
I remind you, Mr. Speaker, the Clean 
Air Act regimes of these other nations, in most cases, is not as stringent or as strict as it is in the United States, so resulting in a net increase in the green-house gases that this administration is so concerned about. 
I will say it again. By not approving 
this pipeline, you are going to force the oil onto barges, onto trucks, onto rail, or other less safe means of transpor-tation. 
I certainly have nothing against 
those other modes of transportation. They are all critically important, but to see this administration hide behind the oil spill or the suggested oil spill impacts of the pipeline is simply ab-surd. Facts prove otherwise. 
As you see here, the majority of this 
pipeline, by far, can be built without the Federal Government’s approval. It is simply nonsensical. It is nonsensical to watch this administration hide be-hind false excuses to drag this decision out for years, whenever it is contrary to our economy. 
What is going to happen if we don’t 
build this pipeline? In addition to using 
other means of transportation, we will be importing oil, not from the North American continent, but from other countries like Venezuela, like Nigeria and Middle Eastern nations that make up the top 10 nations that export oil to the United States. 
In many cases, Mr. Speaker, I will 
say again, Venezuela, countries that don’t share American values; yet we are exporting hundreds of billions of dollars and thousands and thousands of jobs to other countries. 
Who is running this place? Mr. Speaker, the House of Represent-
atives and the U.S. Senate passed a bi-partisan bill that was going to allow for the pipeline to be approved, for us to put this behind us and move towards other things, towards higher priority things that actually should have the attention of the United States Con-gress and the White House, as opposed to these things, decisions that should have been made years ago, and we should have passed on from there. 
As a result of these ridiculous deci-
sions, all these tortured reports, all the involvement of various agencies—in-
cluding the EPA, the State Depart-ment, and other agencies—we are con-tinuing to go through this long proc-ess, dragging this out, resulting again in less safe means of transportation. 
Whether it is coming in through 
ships from other countries, across the Atlantic Ocean, or it is coming in on rail lines, it is coming in tugs and barges on our waterways, it is being transported to the United States, through less safe means of transpor-tation. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to say, in 
closing, that this is what happens when you have bad Federal policy, when you are making bad Federal decisions. This is what happens. 
You result in thousands of pounds of 
oil, in miles and miles of shoreline, tens of miles of shoreline, still oil in our home State of Louisiana, as a re-sult of bad Federal policy. 
We are watching a similar bad Fed-
eral policy unroll right now as the ad-ministration continues to invent im-pediments to what makes sense, to what statistically makes the most sense—by approving a pipeline and get-ting out of the way—and obstructing our economy development, jobs for Americans, and North American en-ergy independence. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 11 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2215 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) at 10 o’clock 
and 15 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 36, PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2048, USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Ms. FOXX from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–111) on the resolution (H. Res. 255) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.069 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2866 May 12, 2015 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities of the Federal Govern-ment to require the production of cer-tain business records, conduct elec-tronic surveillance, use pen registers 
and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterror-ism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; and providing for con-sideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. B ARLETTA (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of a successful procedure to clear a blocked artery. 
Mr. R
UIZ (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of jury 
duty. 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama (at the re-
quest of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILLS AND CONCURRENT 
RESOLUTION REFERRED 
Bills and a concurrent resolution of 
the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, 
under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 136. An act to amend chapter 21 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that fa-thers of certain permanently disabled or de-ceased veterans shall be included with moth-ers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service; To The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. 179. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’; To The Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’; To The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
S. Con. Res. 16. Concurrent Resolution 
stating the policy of the United States re-garding the release of United States citizens in Iran; To The Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 10 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pur-suant to House Resolution 254, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 13, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable James Claude Wright, 
Jr. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-
DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES 
The oath of office required by the 
sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: 
‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-
firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ 
has been subscribed to in person and 
filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 113th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: 
D
ANIEL M. D ONOVAN , JR., Eleventh 
District of New York. h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SHUWANZA GOFF, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 27 AND APR. 4, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Shuwanza Goff ........................................................ 3 /28 4 /4 Burma .......................................... ......... .................... 2,079.00 .................... 15,126.10 .................... .................... ................... . 17,205.10 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,079.00 .................... 15,126.10 .................... .................... ...... .............. 17,205.10 
SHUWANZA GOFF, Apr. 21, 2015. 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, EMILY MURRY, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 27 AND APR. 4, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Emily Murry .............................................................. 3 /28 4 /4 Burma ...................................... ............. .................... 2,079.00 .................... 15,226.10 .................... .................... ............... ..... 17,305.10 
¥310.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,079.00 .................... 15,226.10 .................... .................... ...... .............. 16,995.10 
EMILY MURRY, May 4, 2015. 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K12MY7.071 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2867 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE UNITED KINGDOM, JORDAN, KUWAIT, IRAQ, SAUDI ARABIA, ISRAE L, AND SPAIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN 
MAR. 27 AND APR. 3, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom .................................... ... ................. 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. John Kline ........................................................ 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom .............................. ...... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom .................................... . ................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ............................... ..... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. George Holding ................................................ 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Mike Sommers ......................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 540.00 (3) 890.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,430.00 
Jen Stewart .............................................................. 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ............................ ........ .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ............................. ....... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Jeff Shockey ............................................................. 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ............................ ........ .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Rob Blair ................................................................. 3 /27 3 /28 United Kingdom ........................... ......... .................... 540.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 540.00 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ............................................... .... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. John Kline ........................................................ 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ...................................... ............. .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ............................................. ...... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ....................................... ............ .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. George Holding ................................................ 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 586.00 (3) 5,885.00 .................... .................... .................... 6,471.00 
Jen Stewart .............................................................. 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan .................................... ............... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ..................................... .............. .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Jeff Shockey ............................................................. 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan .................................... ............... .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Rob Blair ................................................................. 3 /28 3 /30 Jordan ................................... ................ .................... 586.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 586.00 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ......................................... .......... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ............................................... .... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. John Kline ........................................................ 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ...................................... ............. .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ......................................... .......... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ............................................. ...... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ........................................ ........... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait .......................................... ......... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ....................................... ............ .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ......................................... .......... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Jen Stewart .............................................................. 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait .................................... ............... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ..................................... .............. .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Jeff Shockey ............................................................. 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait .................................... ............... .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Rob Blair ................................................................. 3 /30 3 /31 Kuwait ................................... ................ .................... 369.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 369.00 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ............................................... ...... .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. John Kline ........................................................ 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ...................................... ............... .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ............................................. ........ .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ........................................ ............. .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 3 /31 4 /02 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ....................................... .............. .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Jen Stewart .............................................................. 3 /31 4 /02 Israel .................................... ................. .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ..................................... ................ .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Jeff Shockey ............................................................. 3 /31 4 /02 Israel .................................... ................. .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Rob Blair ................................................................. 3 /31 4 /02 Israel ................................... .................. .................... 1,000.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,000.00 
Hon. John Boehner ................................................... 4 /02 4 /03 Spain .......................................... .......... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ................................................ .... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. John Kline ........................................................ 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ....................................... ............. .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 4 /02 4 /03 Spain .......................................... .......... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ........................................ 4 /02 4 /03 Spain .............................................. ...... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ......................................... ........... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ........................................... ......... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ........................................ ............ .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Hon. Martha Roby .................................................... 4 /02 4 /03 Spain .......................................... .......... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Jen Stewart .............................................................. 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ..................................... ............... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Michael Ricci ........................................................... 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ...................................... .............. .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Jeff Shockey ............................................................. 4 /02 4 /03 Spain ..................................... ............... .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Rob Blair ................................................................. 4 /02 4 /03 Spain .................................... ................ .................... 250.00 (3) .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 37,351.00 .................... 6,775.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. 44,126.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. JOHN BOEHNER, May 4, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO TUNISIA, UKRAINE, GERMANY, AND FRANCE, 
EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 26 AND APR. 2, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia .......................................... ........ .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Mike Conaway ................................................. 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia .......................................... ........ .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Kay Granger .................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ........................................ .......... .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Fred Upton ...................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ....................................... ........... .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ....................................... ........... .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Diane Black ..................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ....................................... ........... .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Erik Paulsen .................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ....................................... ........... .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Tom Graves ..................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ........................................ .......... .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Natalie Buchanan .................................................. 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia .......................................... ........ .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Barrett Karr ............................................................. 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ................................... ............... .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Kelly Dixon ............................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia .................................. ................ .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Robert Karem ........................................................... 3 /27 3 /29 Tunisia ..................................... ............. .................... 576.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 576.00 
Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine .......................................... ....... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Hon. Mike Conaway ................................................. 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine .......................................... ....... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Hon. Kay Granger .................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ........................................ ......... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Hon. Fred Upton ...................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Hon. Diane Black ..................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Hon. Erik Paulsen .................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ....................................... .......... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2868 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO TUNISIA, UKRAINE, GERMANY, AND FRANCE, 
EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 26 AND APR. 2, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Tom Graves ..................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ........................................ ......... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Natalie Buchanan .................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ........................................ ......... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Barrett Karr ............................................................. 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ................................... .............. .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Kelly Dixon ............................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine .................................. ............... .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Robert Karem ........................................................... 3 /29 3 /31 Ukraine ..................................... ............ .................... 769.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 769.00 
Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany .......................................... ...... .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Mike Conaway ................................................. 3 /31 3 /31 Germany .......................................... ...... .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Kay Granger .................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Fred Upton ...................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Diane Black ..................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Erik Paulsen .................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ....................................... ......... .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Tom Graves ..................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Natalie Buchanan .................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ........................................ ........ .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Barrett Karr ............................................................. 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ................................... ............. .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Kelly Dixon ............................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany .................................. .............. .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Robert Karem ........................................................... 3 /31 3 /31 Germany ..................................... ........... .................... N/A .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... N/A 
Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France ............................................ ....... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Hon. Mike Conaway ................................................. 3 /31 4 /2 France ............................................ ....... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Hon. Kay Granger .................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France .......................................... ......... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Hon. Fred Upton ...................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France ......................................... .......... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Hon. Peter Welch ..................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France ......................................... .......... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Hon. Diane Black ..................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France ......................................... .......... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Hon. Erik Paulsen .................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France ......................................... .......... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Hon. Tom Graves ..................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France .......................................... ......... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Natalie Buchanan .................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France .......................................... ......... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Barrett Karr ............................................................. 3 /31 4 /2 France ..................................... .............. .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Kelly Dixon ............................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France .................................... ............... .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Robert Karem ........................................................... 3 /31 4 /2 France ....................................... ............ .................... 937.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 937.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 27,384 .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... 27,384 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY, May 1, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CAMBODIA, VIETNAM, BURMA, KOREA, AND JAPAN, 
EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 26 AND APR. 4, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ...................................... ....... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Charles Rangel ............................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ......................................... .... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Sander Levin ................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ....................................... ...... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ....................................... ...... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Zoe Lofgren ..................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ...................................... ....... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Mike Thompson ............................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia .......................................... ... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Doris Matsui .................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ...................................... ....... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Dan Kildee ....................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ..................................... ........ .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Mark Takai ...................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ...................................... ....... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ..................................... ........ .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Katherine Monge ...................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ...................................... ....... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Drew Hammill .......................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia ..................................... ........ .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia .......................................... ... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia .................................... ......... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Rachel Klay .............................................................. 3 /28 3 /30 Cambodia .................................. ........... .................... 622.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 622.00 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ........................................ ........ .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Sander Levin ................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ......................................... ....... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Charles Rangel ............................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ........................................... ..... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ......................................... ....... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Zoe Lofgren ..................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ........................................ ........ .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Mike Thompson ............................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ............................................ .... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Doris Matsui .................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ........................................ ........ .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Michael Fitzpatrick .......................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ........................................... ..... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Dan Kildee ....................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ....................................... ......... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Mark Takai ...................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ........................................ ........ .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ....................................... ......... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Katherine Monge ...................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ........................................ ........ .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Drew Hammill .......................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ....................................... ......... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ............................................ .... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam ...................................... .......... .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Rachel Klay .............................................................. 3 /30 4 /1 Vietnam .................................... ............ .................... 555.45 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 555.45 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ........................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Charles Rangel ............................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma .............................................. ..... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Sander Levin ................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ............................................ ....... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ............................................ ....... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Zoe Lofgren ..................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ........................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Mike Thompson ............................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ............................................... .... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Doris Matsui .................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ........................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Michael Fitzpatrick .......................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma .............................................. ..... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Dan Kildee ....................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma .......................................... ......... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Mark Takai ...................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ........................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma .......................................... ......... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Katherine Monge ...................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ........................................... ........ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Drew Hammill .......................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma .......................................... ......... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ............................................... .... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ......................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Rachel Klay .............................................................. 4 /1 4 /1 Burma ....................................... ............ .................... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ........................................... .......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Charles Rangel ............................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea .............................................. ....... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Sander Levin ................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ............................................ ......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ............................................ ......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Zoe Lofgren ..................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ........................................... .......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Mike Thompson ............................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ............................................... ...... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Doris Matsui .................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ........................................... .......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Michael Fitzpatrick .......................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea .............................................. ....... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Dan Kildee ....................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea .......................................... ........... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Mark Takai ...................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ........................................... .......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea .......................................... ........... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2869 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CAMBODIA, VIETNAM, BURMA, KOREA, AND JAPAN, 
EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 26 AND APR. 4, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Katherine Monge ...................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ........................................... .......... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Drew Hammill .......................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea .......................................... ........... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ............................................... ...... .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ......................................... ............ .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Rachel Klay .............................................................. 4 /1 4 /3 Korea ....................................... .............. .................... 706.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 706.00 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Charles Rangel ............................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan .............................................. ...... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Sander Levin ................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ............................................ ........ .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Anna Eshoo ..................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ............................................ ........ .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Zoe Lofgren ..................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Mike Thompson ............................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ............................................... ..... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Doris Matsui .................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Michael Fitzpatrick .......................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan .............................................. ...... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Dan Kildee ....................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Hon. Mark Takai ...................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 338.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 338.00 
Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 339.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 339.00 
Katherine Monge ...................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 339.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 339.00 
Drew Hammill .......................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan .......................................... .......... .................... 339.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 339.00 
Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ............................................... ..... .................... 339.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 339.00 
Bina Surgeon ........................................................... 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ......................................... ........... .................... 339.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 339.00 
Rachel Klay .............................................................. 4 /3 4 /4 Japan ....................................... ............. .................... 339.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 339.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... $34,927.20 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... $34,927.20 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. NANCY PELOSI, May 1, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1  AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Collin C. Peterson ........................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ............................................ .... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,56 0.48 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Magan Milam Rosenbusch ...................................... 1 /11 1 /13 Romania ............................................... . ................... 251.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2 51.10 
1 /13 1 /15 Poland ................................................... .................... 568.12 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 568.12 
1 /15 1 /17 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 741.38 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 741.38 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,721.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,721.50 
Paul Terry ................................................................ 1 /11 1 /13 Romania .................................. ............. .................... 251.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 251.10 
1 /13 1 /15 Poland ................................................... .................... 568.21 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 568.21 
1 /15 1 /17 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 741.38 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 741.38 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,620.82 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,620.82 
Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt .................................................. ... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1,436.35  
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Hon. Peter Visclosky ................................................ 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ............................................ ......... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1, 436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Hon. Kay Granger .................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ............................................ ......... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1, 436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,162.12 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,041.10 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,034.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,034.80 
Hon. Ken Calvert ..................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1 ,436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Hon. John Carter ...................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt .......................................... ........... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1,436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Hon. Steve Womack ................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt .............................................. ....... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1,43 6.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Hon. Marcy Kaptur ................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ............................................ ......... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1, 436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,162.12 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,041.10 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,636.70 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,636.70 
Hon. Steve Israel ..................................................... 3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ...................................... ........... .................... 738.59 .................... .................... .................... 222.69 .................... 96 1.28 
3 /12 3 /14 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,162.12 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,041.10 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,130.10 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,130.10 
Paul Juola ................................................................ 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ...................................... ............... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 ................ .... 1,436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Tim Prince ............................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ....................................... .............. .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 ................. ... 1,436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2870 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Brooke Boyer ............................................................ 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ........................................ ............. .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................. .. 1,436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Kaitlyn Eisner-Poor .................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 Egypt ........................................... .......... .................... 1,151.45 .................... .................... .................... 284.90 .................... 1 ,436.35 
3 /9 3 /10 Cyprus ................................................... .................... 257.79 .................... ............ ........ .................... 284.77 .................... 542.56 
3 /10 3 /12 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 738.59 .................... ............ ........ .................... 222.69 .................... 961.28 
3 /12 3 /15 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,743.18 .................... ................ .... .................... 878.98 .................... 2,622.16 
Hon. Harold Rogers ................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345.36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262.07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Mike Simpson .................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .................................... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345.36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262.07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Ander Crenshaw .............................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .................................... .. .................. 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345.36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262.07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345.36  
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262.07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Diaz Balart ...................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ................................. ... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,36  
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,382.90 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,382,90 
Hon. Chris Stewart .................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ................................... . .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. David Jolly ....................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,3 6 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Sanford Bishop ............................................... 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .................................... . ................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Charles Dutch Ruppersberger ......................... 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .................................... .......... .......... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ................................... . .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
William Smith .......................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,3 6 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Dale Oak .................................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ............................. ....... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,34 5,36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
B.G. Wright .............................................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .............................. ...... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345 ,36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Anne Marie Chotvacs .............................................. 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .................................... .. .................. 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345,36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749,00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262,07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Steve Marchese ....................................................... 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom .................................. .. .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345.36 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262.07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Clelia Alvarado ........................................................ 3 /6 3 /9 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 1,622.76 .................... .................... .................... 722.60 .................... 2,345.3 6 
3 /9 3 /12 Morocco ................................................. .................... 749.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,262.07 .................... 2,011.07 
3 /12 3 /12 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 25.14 .................... 25.14 
3 /12 3 /15 France ................................................... .................... 1,355.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 1,044.93 .................... 2,399.93 
Hon. Chaka Fattah .................................................. 3 /10 3 /11 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 439.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,652.54 .................... 3,091.54 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,786.36 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,786.36 
Hon. Nita Lowey ....................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 India ......................................... ............ .................... 906.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 906.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 911.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 911.00 
3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 546.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 546.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,135.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,135.00 
Erin Kolodjeski ......................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 India ....................................... .............. .................... 906.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 906.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 911.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 911.00 
3 /13 3 /16 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 648.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 648.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,094.80 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,094.80 
Jennifer Hing ........................................................... 3 /6 3 /10 Bahrain ..................................... ............ .................... 1,022.22 .................... .................... .................... 142.92 ................... . 1,165.14 
3 /10 3 /13 Jordan ................................................... .................... 1,066.23 .................... ......... ........... .................... 264.65 .................... 1,330.88 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,012.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,012.00 
Megan Milam Rosenbusch ...................................... 3 /6 3 /10 Bahrain ................................................. .................... 1,022.22 .................... .................... .................... 142.92 .................... 1,165.14 
3 /10 3 /13 Jordan ................................................... .................... 1,066.23 .................... ......... ........... .................... 264.65 .................... 1,330.88 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,012.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,012.00 
Ground transportation .................................... ............. ................. ........................................ ....................... .................... .................... .................... 105.44 .................... ................. ... .................... 105.44 
Tom O’Brien ............................................................. 3 /6 3 /10 Bahrain ..................................... ............ .................... 1,022.22 .................... .................... .................... 142.92 ................... . 1,165.14 
3 /10 3 /13 Jordan ................................................... .................... 1,066.23 .................... ......... ........... .................... 264.65 .................... 1,330.88 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,012.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,012.00 
Andrew Cooper ......................................................... 3 /6 3 /10 Bahrain ....................................... .......... .................... 1,022.22 .................... .................... .................... 142.92 .................... 1 ,165.14 
3 /10 3 /13 Jordan ................................................... .................... 1,066.23 .................... ......... ........... .................... 264.65 .................... 1,330.88 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,012.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,012.00 
Ground transportation .................................... ............. ................. ........................................ ....................... .................... .................... .................... 95.06 .................... .................. .. .................... 95.06 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 118,554.95 .................... 68,791.48 .................... 71,575.00 .............. ...... 258,921.43 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2871 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 
2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Adam Kinzinger ............................................... 1 /29 1 /31 Panama ........................................... ..... .................... 526.00 .................... 569.35 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,706.83 
Hon. Markwayne Mullin ........................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama .............................................. .. .................... 789.00 .................... 160.00 .................... 611.48 .................... 1,560.48 
Hon. Marsha Blackburn ........................................... 2 /13 2 /18 England ............................................ .... .................... 1,808.54 .................... 1,098.10 .................... 455.40 .................... 3,362.04 
Jessica Wilkerson ..................................................... 2 /13 2 /18 England ...................................... .......... .................... 2,069.28 .................... 1,035.00 .................... .................... ................... . 3,104.28 
Hon. John Shimkus .................................................. 3 /8 3 /12 Lithuania ........................................ ...... .................... 826.72 .................... 8,003.90 .................... 963.84 .................... 9,794.46 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 6,019.54 .................... 10,866.35 .................... 2,642.20 ................. ... 19,528.09 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. FRED UPTON, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Robert Dold ..................................................... 1 /29 2 /1 Panama ......................................... ....... .................... 665.72 .................... (3) .................... 771.48 .................... 1,437.20 
Hon. Luke Messer .................................................... 3 /7 3 /10 India ........................................... .......... .................... 906.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 906.00 
Hon. Luke Messer .................................................... 3 /10 3 /13 China .......................................... .......... .................... 911.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 911.00 
Hon. Luke Messer .................................................... 3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan ......................................... ......... .................... 546.00 .................... 1,135.00 .................... .................... .................... 1, 681.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 3,028.72 .................... 1,135.00 .................... 771.48 .................... 4,935.20 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JA N. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ......................................... ........ .................... 305.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 305.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 914.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 914.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 274.58 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 274.58 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,214.51 .................... 344.43 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,558.94 
Sophia Lafargue ...................................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ....................................... .......... .................... 305.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 305.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 844.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 844.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 261.64 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 261.64 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,214.51 .................... 344.43 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,558.94 
Thomas M. Hill ........................................................ 3 /09 3 /10 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 294.59 .................... 4,004.30 .................... .................... .................... 4 ,298.89 
3 /10 3 /12 Latvia .................................................... .................... 448.31 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 448.31 
3 /12 3 /14 Poland ................................................... .................... 550.13 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 550.13 
Timothy Mulvey ........................................................ 3 /09 3 /10 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 294.59 .................... 4,039.30 .................... .................... .................... 4 ,333.89 
3 /10 3 /12 Latvia .................................................... .................... 448.31 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 448.31 
3 /12 3 /14 Poland ................................................... .................... 550.13 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 550.13 
Douglas Seay ........................................................... 2 /15 2 /18 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 825.00 .................... 5,784.20 .................... .................... .................. .. 6,609.20 
Kyle Parker ............................................................... 2 /15 2 /17 Poland ................................... ................ .................... 562.10 .................... 7,127.70 .................... .................... ............... ..... 7,689.80 
2 /19 2 /21 Belgium ................................................ .................... 633.67 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 633.67 
2 /17 2 /19 Germany ................................................ .................... 639.17 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 639.17 
Amy Porter ............................................................... 1 /18 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo .................. . .................... 837.00 .................... 15,785.00 .................... .................... .................... 16,622.00  
Worku Gachou .......................................................... 1 /18 1 /20 Democratic Rep. of Congo ................... .. .................. 827.00 .................... 15,785.00 .................... .................... .................... 16,612.00 
Hon. Tom Emmer ..................................................... 2 /24 2 /24 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba ....................... ..... ............... .................... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Dana Rohrabacher .......................................... 3 /12 3 /13 Kuwait .............................................. ..... .................... 393.00 .................... 15,728.00 .................... .................... * 575.00 16,696.00 
3 /13 3 /16 Egypt ..................................................... .................... 1,353.50 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... * 4,636.00 5,989.50 
Hon. Reid Ribble ..................................................... 3 /10 3 /11 UK ............................................ ............. .................... 369.00 .................... 20,560.20 .................... .................... ................. ... 20,929.20 
3 /12 3 /13 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 393.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 283.00 
3 /13 3 /15 Egypt ..................................................... .................... 725.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 725.00 
Paul Behrends ......................................................... 3 /12 3 /13 Kuwait ....................................... ............ .................... 393.00 .................... 17,593.80 .................... .................... .................. .. 17,986.80 
3 /13 3 /16 Egypt ..................................................... .................... 1,353.50 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 1,353.50 
Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 3 /19 3 /22 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 1,134.00 .................... 2,410.20 .................... .................... ................... . 3,544.20 
Hon. Tom Marino ..................................................... 3 /19 3 /23 UK ............................................. ............ .................... 1,656.59 .................... 1,026.60 .................... .................... ................. ... 2,683.19 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 2 /06 2 /08 Germany ..................................... ........... .................... 819.85 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 819.85 
2 /06 2 /06 Tunisia .................................................. .................... .................... .................. .. (3) .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 3 /07 3 /10 India ............................................. ........ .................... 831.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... * 7,175.07 8,006.07 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 911.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... * 7,770.05 8,681.05 
3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 495.00 .................... 1,135.00 ... ................. .................... * 6,586.60 8,216.00 
Hon. Matthew Salmon ............................................. 3 /07 3 /10 India .............................................. ....... .................... 906.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 906.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 911.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 911.00 
3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 546.00 .................... 1,135.00 ... ................. .................... .................... 1,681.00 
Hon. Ami Bera ......................................................... 3 /07 3 /10 India ........................................ ............. .................... 746.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 746.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 751.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 751.00 
3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 386.00 .................... 1,135.00 ... ................. .................... .................... 1,521.00 
Shelley Su ................................................................ 3 /07 3 /10 India .................................... ................. .................... 881.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 881.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 841.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 841.00 
3 /13 3 /16 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 501.00 .................... 1,094.80 ... ................. .................... .................... 1,595.00 
Jennifer Hendrixson White ....................................... 3 /07 3 /10 India .............................................. ....... .................... 843.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 843.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 817.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 817.00 
3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 556.00 .................... 1,097.00 ... ................. .................... .................... 1,653.70 
Elizabeth Heng ........................................................ 3 /07 3 /10 India ........................................ ............. .................... 852.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 852.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 911.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 911.00 
3 /13 3 /16 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 587.00 .................... 986.00 ..... ............... .................... .................... 1,573.80 
Hunter Strupp .......................................................... 3 /07 3 /10 India ....................................... .............. .................... 856.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 856.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 861.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 861.00 
3 /13 3 /16 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 819.00 .................... 1,097.70 ... ................. .................... .................... 1,916.70 
Peter Freeman ......................................................... 3 /07 3 /10 India ........................................ ............. .................... 856.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 856.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 861.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 861.00 
3 /13 3 /16 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 819.00 .................... 1,097.70 ... ................. .................... .................... 1.916.70 
Greg Simpkins ......................................................... 2 /15 2 /20 Ethiopia ..................................... ........... .................... 648.00 .................... 6,259.32 .................... .................... .................... 6,907.32 
2 /16 2 /20 South Sudan ......................................... .................... 1,414.50 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... *300.00 1,714.50 
Travis Adkins ........................................................... 2 /15 2 /20 Ethiopia ................................... ............. .................... 653.00 .................... 6,259.32 .................... .................... .................. .. 6,912.32 
2 /16 2 /20 South Sudan ......................................... .................... 1,455.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 1,455.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2872 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, 
EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 43,238.18 .................... 131,831.50 .................... .................... * 27, 042.72 202,112.40 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
* Indicates Delegation Costs. 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, Apr. 28, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN.  1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Bob Goodlatte ............................................................................................. 3 /06 3 /15 * .. .................. 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Hon. Jim Sensenbrenner ..................................................................................... 3 /06 3 /15 * ...... .............. 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Hon. Tom Marino ................................................................................................. 3 /06 3 /15 * . ................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Hon. Jerrold Nadler ............................................................................................. 3 /06 3 /15 * . ................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Hon. Zoe Lofgren ................................................................................................. 3 /06 3 /15 * .................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Hon. David Cicilline ............................................................................................ 3 /06 3 /15 * . ................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Susan Jensen ...................................................................................................... 3 /06 3 /15 *  .................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Shelley Husband ................................................................................................. 3 /06 3 /15 * . ................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Allison Halataei ................................................................................................... 3 /06 3 /15 * .................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
George Fishman .................................................................................................. 3 /06 3 /15 * . ................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
John Manning ...................................................................................................... 3 /06 3 /15 *  .................... 869.00 .................... (3) .................... 2,472.00 .................... 3,341.00 
Committee total ..................................................................................... ............. .............. ... .................... .................... 9,559.00 .................... .................... .................... 27,192.00 ..... ............... 36,751.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
4Countries visited: Ireland, Turkey, Cypress, Jordan, Israel and the West Bank. 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND M AR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Pete Sessions .................................................. 3 /7 3 /10 India ........................................... .......... .................... 906.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 906.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 911.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 911.00 
3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 546.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 546.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,363.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 2,363.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. PETE SESSIONS, Chairman, Apr. 21, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Steve Chabot ........................................................... 3 /10 3 /12 Chile ....................................... .............. .................... 473.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 473.00 
3 /12 3 /13 Argentina .............................................. .................... 342.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... * 273.20 .................... 615.20 
3 /13 3 /14 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 247.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... * 1,907.00 .................... 2,154.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,020.49 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,020.49 
Kevin Fitzpatrick ...................................................... 3 /10 3 /12 Chile ....................................... .............. .................... 473.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 473.00 
3 /12 3 /13 Argentina .............................................. .................... 342.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... * 273.20 .................... 615.20 
3 /13 3 /14 Uruguay ................................................ .................... 247.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... * 1,907.00 .................... 2,154.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,027.39 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,027.39 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,124.00 .................... 23,047.88 .................... 4,360.40 ................. ... 29,532.28 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
*Transportation and overtime and translator incurred by each traveler. 
HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Apr. 22, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2873 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. JEFF MILLER, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Paul Ryan ........................................................ 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ...................................... ........... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,561.10 .................... 1,866.10 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 914.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,277.51 .................... 3,191.51 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 274.59 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,723.52 .................... 4,998.10 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,021.20 .................... 344.33 .. .................. 15,761.86 .................... 17,127.40 
Hon. David G. Reichert ............................................ 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia .......................................... ....... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 305.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 844.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 844.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 261.64 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 261.64 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,021.21 .................... 344.33 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,365.54 
Hon. Vern Buchanan ............................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ........................................... ...... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 305.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 914.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 914.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 274.58 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 274.58 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,021.21 .................... 344.33 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,365.54 
Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ........................................ ......... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 305.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 914.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 914.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 274.58 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 274.58 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,021.20 .................... 344.33 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,365.53 
Hon. Patrick J. Tiberi ............................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ....................................... .......... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 305.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 844.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 844.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 261.64 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 261.64 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 519.40 .................... 6,245.13 .. .................. .................... .................... 6,764.53 
Angela Ellard ........................................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia .................................... ............. .................... 248.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 248.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 787.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 787.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 204.64 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 204.64 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 964.20 .................... 344.33 .... ................ .................... .................... 1,308.53 
Geoff Antell .............................................................. 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia .................................. ............... .................... 277.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 277.50 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 816.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 816.50 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 234.14 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 234.14 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 993.70 .................... 344.33 .... ................ .................... .................... 1,338.03 
Steve Claeys ............................................................ 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia .................................... ............. .................... 277.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 277.50 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 816.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 816.50 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 234.14 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 234.14 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 993.70 .................... 344.33 .... ................ .................... .................... 1,338.03 
Brendan Buck .......................................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ...................................... ........... .................... 223.25 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 223.25 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 762.25 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 762.25 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 179.89 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 179.89 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 939.45 .................... 344.33 .... ................ .................... .................... 1,283.78 
Austin Smythe ......................................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ...................................... ........... .................... 207.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 207.50 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 746.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 746.50 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 181.64 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 181.64 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 906.20 .................... 344.33 .... ................ .................... .................... 1,250.53 
Hon. Charles W. Boustany ....................................... 2 /14 2 /15 Georgia ............................................. .... .................... 305.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 305.00 
2 /15 2 /17 Singapore .............................................. .................... 914.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 914.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Malaysia ............................................... .................... 274.58 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 274.58 
2 /18 2 /21 Japan .................................................... .................... 1,021.21 .................... 344.33 .. .................. .................... .................... 1,365.54 
Hon. George Holding ................................................ 3 /7 3 /10 India ............................................ ......... .................... 906.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 906.00 
3 /10 3 /13 China .................................................... .................... 911.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 911.00 
3 /13 3 /15 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 546.00 .................... 1,135.00 ... ................. .................... .................... 1,681.00 
Hon. Sander M. Levin .............................................. 2 /14 2 /15 Colombia ......................................... ...... .................... 2,069.00 .................... 222.97 .................... 4,595.00 .................... 6,886.97 
2 /15 2 /15 Panama ................................................ .................... 99.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 885.00 .................... 984.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 29,946.25 .................... 11,046.40 .................... 29,803.99 ............... ..... 70,796.63 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. PAUL RYAN, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 
31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Michael Pompeo .............................................. 2 /6 2 /6 Africa .............................................. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... . ................... ....................
2 /6 2 /8 Europe ................................................... .................... 819.85 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 819.85 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 2 /6 2 /8 Middle East ...................................... .... .................... 710.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... ....................
2 /8 2 /9 Asia ....................................................... .................... 388.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,098.81 
Jeffrey Shockey ........................................................ 2 /6 2 /8 Middle East ................................... ....... .................... 710.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... ....................
2 /8 2 /9 Asia ....................................................... .................... 388.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,098.81 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 2 /18 2 /21 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 771.02 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ ....................
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,752.20 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,523.22 
Hon. Michael Quigley ............................................... 3 /10 3 /13 Middle East ..................................... ..... .................... 1,455,00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... ....................
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,337.10 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,792.10 
Amanda Rogers Thorpe ........................................... 3 /10 3 /13 Middle East ......................................... . .................... 1,455,00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... ....................
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,604.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 15,059.70 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 3 /27 3 /28 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 543.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... ....................
3 /28 3 /30 Middle East .......................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /30 3 /30 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /30 3 /31 Middle East .......................................... .................... 368.94 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /31 3 /31 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /31 4 /2 Middle East .......................................... .................... 1,000,00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... ....................
4 /2 4 /3 Europe ................................................... .................... 233.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... ....................
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2874 May 12, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 
31, 2015—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,856.23 
Jeffrey Shockey ........................................................ 3 /27 3 /28 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 543.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. ....................
3 /28 3 /30 Middle East .......................................... .................... 710.82 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /30 3 /30 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /30 3 /31 Middle East .......................................... .................... 368.94 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /31 3 /31 Middle East .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... ....................
3 /31 4 /2 Middle East .......................................... .................... 1,000,00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... ....................
4 /2 4 /3 Europe ................................................... .................... 233.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... ....................
............. ................. ............................................................... .................... .............. ...... .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,856.23 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 12,410.95 .................... 40,694.00 .................... .................... ..... ............... 53,104.95 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. DEVIN NUNES, Apr. 28, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. PAUL RYAN, Chairman, Apr. 20, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, U.S. COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Janice Helwig ........................................................... 2 /9 3 /31 Austria ..................................... ............. Euro 15,830.00 .................... 11,675.50 .................... .................... .................... 27,505.50  
Robert Hand ............................................................ 2 /16 2 /21 Austria ..................................... ............. Euro 1,348.58 .................... 1,775.40 .................... .................... .................... 3,123.98 
Hon. Chris Smith ..................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Austria ....................................... ........... Euro 337.15 .................... 4,705.10 .................... .................... .................... 5,042.25 
Mark Milosch ........................................................... 2 /18 2 /21 Austria ..................................... ............. Euro 674.29 .................... 1,810.40 .................... .................... .................... 2,484.69 
Nathaniel Hurd ........................................................ 2 /18 2 /21 Austria ...................................... ............ Euro 674.29 .................... 1,775.50 .................... .................... .................... 2,449.79 
David Kostelancik .................................................... 2 /25 3 /3 Tajikistan ..................................... ......... Somoni 1,486.00 .................... 6,626.80 .................... .................... .................... 8,112.80 
Mischa Thompson .................................................... 3 /17 3 /24 Belgium ......................................... ....... Euro 2,505.51 .................... 1,710.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,215.51 
............. ................. Paris ..................................................... Euro .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Alex Johnson ............................................................ 3 /24 3 /27 Serbia ..................................... .............. Dinar 600.00 .................... 3,782.10 .................... .................... .................... 4,382.10 
Commitee total .......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 23,455.82 .................... 33,860.80 .................... .................... ..... ............... 57,316.62 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 29, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1419. A letter from the Administrator, 
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-
partment’s final rule — Subpart J — Value- Added Producer Grant Program (RIN: 0570- AA79) received May 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
1420. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting the Export-Import Bank’s export report for April 2015; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
1421. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the De-partment’s Annual Report on Federal Gov-ernment Energy Management and Conserva-tion Programs, Fiscal Year 2013; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1422. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2014 Performance Report to Congress, required by the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1423. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and 
Drug Administration’s FY 2014 Animal Ge-neric Drug User Fee Act Financial Report, required by the Animal Generic Drug User Fee Act, as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1424. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2014 Performance Report to Congress for the Animal Drug User 
Fee Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1425. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2014 Animal Drug User Fee Act Financial Report, required by the Animal Drug User Fee Act, as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1426. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Organ Procurement and Trans-plantation: Implementation of the HIV Organ Policy Equity Act (RIN: 0906-AB05) re-ceived May 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1427. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Ala-bama’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gasoline Volatility Standard 
for Birmingham, Alabama [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2014-0905; FRL 9927-16-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS58) received May 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1428. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Prevention of Signifi-cant Deterioration Permitting for Green-house Gases: Providing Option for Rescission of EPA-Issued Tailoring Rule Step 2 Preven-tion of Significant Deterioration Permits [EPA-HQ-OAR-2015-0071; FRL-9926-98-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS57) received May 6, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1429. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus thuringiensis Cry1A.105 Protein in Soybean; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2014-0454; FRL-9926-23] received May 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1430. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington: Infra-structure Requirements for the Fine Partic-ulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.004 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2875 May 12, 2015 
Standards [EPA-R10-OAR-2014-0744; FRL- 
9927-45-Region 10] received May 6, 2014, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1431. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA- HQ-OPPT-2014-0908; FRL-9925-42] (RIN: 2070- AB27) received May 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1432. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Penn-sylvania; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide and 2012 Fine Par-ticulate Matter National Ambient Air Qual-ity Standards [EPA-R03-OAR-2014-0910] re-ceived May 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1433. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Concentration Averaging and Encapsulation Branch Technical Position, Revision 1 received May 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1434. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Census Bureau, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Foreign Trade Regulations (FTR): Reinstatement of Exemptions Re-lated to Temporary Exports, Carnets, and Shipments Under a Temporary Import Bond [Docket No.: 140821699-5179-02] (RIN: 0607- AA53) received May 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
1435. A letter from the Special Inspector 
General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, transmitting the twenty-seventh quarterly report to the Congress on Afghanistan Re-construction, pursuant to Public Law 110-181, Sec. 1229; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
1436. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the Board’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the six-month period ending March 31, 2015, as required by the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1437. A letter from the Chief Executive Of-
ficer, Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service, transmitting the Corporation’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1438. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-50, ‘‘Pre-K Student Discipline Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1439. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-51, ‘‘Health Benefit Exchange Au-thority Financial Sustainability Amend-ment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1440. A letter from the Director, Environ-
mental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s FY 2014 annual report, pursuant to Sec. 203 of the Notification and Federal Em-ployee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
1441. A letter from the Chairman, Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s updated Strategic Plan for 
the period 2015 through 2019, in accordance with the Government Performance and Re-sults Act of 1993, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1442. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s summary presentation of final rules — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-82; In-troduction [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051, Se-quence No.: 2] received May 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1443. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Equal Employment and Affirmative Action for Veterans and In-dividuals with Disabilities [FAC 2005-82; FAR Case 2014-013; Item I; Docket 2014-0013, Se-quence 1] (RIN: 9000-AM76) received May 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1444. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Review and Jus-tification of Pass-Through Contracts [FAC 2005-82; FAR Case 2013-012; Item II; Docket No.: 2013-0012; Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000- AM57) received May 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1445. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Enhancements to Past Performance Evaluation Systems [FAC 2005-82; FAR Case 2014-010; Item III; Docket No.: 2014-0010, Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000- AM79) received May 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1446. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amend-ments [FAC 2005-82; Item IV; Docket No.: 2015-0052; Sequence No.: 1] received May 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1447. A letter from the Senior Procurement 
Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-82; Small Entity Compliance Guide [Docket No.: FAR 2015-0051, Sequence No.: 2] received May 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1448. A letter from the Executive Director, 
Interstate Commission on the Potomac River Basin, transmitting the Commission’s audited Seventy-Third Financial Statement for the period of October 1, 2013 to September 30, 2014, pursuant to the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act and the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1449. A letter from the Board of Trustees, 
National Tropical Botanical Garden, trans-mitting the Garden’s financial statements and schedules for the years 2012 and 2013, with the independent auditors’ report, pursu-ant to 36 U.S.C. 1535; Public Law 105-225, Secs. 153510 and 10101; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1450. A letter from the Chair, United States 
Sentencing Commission, transmitting the Commission’s amendments to the federal sentencing guidelines, policy statements, 
and official commentary, with reasons for amendment, in conformance with the Com-mission’s statutory obligations under 28 U.S.C. 994(o); to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
1451. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Office of the General Counsel, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s di-rect final rule — Patents and Other Intellec-tual Property Rights [Docket No.: NASA- 2015-0001] (RIN: 2700-AE02) received May 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
1452. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, 
Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting a draft bill, the ‘‘Department of Vet-erans Affairs Purchased Health Care Stream-lining and Modernization Act’’; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
1453. A letter from the Chief, Trade and 
Commercial Regulations Branch, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Technical Cor-rections to the North American Free Trade Agreement Uniform Regulations [CBP Dec. 15-07] (RIN: 1515-AE04) received May 7, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
1454. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
ODRM, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Medicare Program; Changes to the Requirements for Part D Pre-scribers [CMS-6107-IFC] (RIN: 0938-AS60) re-ceived May 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed 
Services. Supplemental report on H.R. 1735. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–102, Pt. 2). 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: Committee on 
Appropriations. H.R. 2250. A bill making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–110). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ms. FOXX: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 255. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense and for military constructions, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to pro-tect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authori-ties of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; and providing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12MY7.000 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2876 May 12, 2015 
for consideration of motions to suspend the 
rules (Rept. 114–111). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. 
HARRIS ): 
H.R. 2247. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to provide for transparent testing to assess the transition under the Medicare fee-for-service claims processing system from the ICD-9 to the ICD- 10 standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. 
L
ANCE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): 
H.R. 2248. A bill to provide that service of 
the members of the organization known as the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during World War II constituted active military service for purposes of laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. 
T
AKAI, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. 
SABLAN ): 
H.R. 2249. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Personal Responsibility and Work Oppor-tunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 to restore Medicaid coverage for citizens of the Freely Associated States lawfully residing in the United States under the Compacts of Free Association between the Government of the United States and the Governments of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 2251. A bill to prohibit the National 
Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration from relinquishing responsibil-ities with respect to Internet domain name functions unless it certifies that it has re-ceived a proposal for such relinquishment that meets certain criteria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
O’ROURKE ): 
H.R. 2252. A bill to clarify the effective 
date of certain provisions of the Border Pa-trol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself 
and Ms. S
PEIER ): 
H.R. 2253. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to extend the applica-tion of the Medicare payment rate floor to primary care services furnished under Med-icaid and to apply the rate floor to addi-tional providers of primary care services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 2254. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to include certain Federal posi-tions within the definition of law enforce-
ment officer for retirement purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. D UN-
CAN of Tennessee, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas): 
H.R. 2255. A bill to make participation in 
the American Community Survey voluntary, 
except with respect to certain basic ques-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 2256. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 2257. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the reproductive treatment provided to certain disabled vet-erans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. L UM-
MIS, and Mr. P EARCE ): 
H.R. 2258. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, United States Code, to modify the authority of the President of the United States to declare national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. RIGELL (for himself, Mr. 
M
CKINLEY , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and 
Mr. B ABIN): 
H.R. 2259. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to provide that a member of the armed forces and the spouse of that member shall have the same rights regarding the receipt of firearms at the loca-tion of any duty station of the member; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. 
G
OSAR , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. C APUANO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Ms. B ASS, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California): 
H.R. 2260. A bill to amend the Family and 
Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE (for himself, 
Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. B ABIN): 
H.R. 2261. A bill to facilitate the continued 
development of the commercial remote sens-ing industry and protect national security; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. M
CCARTHY (for himself, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
and Mr. M OOLENAAR ): H.R. 2262. A bill to facilitate a pro-growth 
environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Mr. B ABIN): 
H.R. 2263. A bill to rename the Office of 
Space Commerce and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2264. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to establish a space-available transportation priority for veterans of the Armed Forces who have a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 2265. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the work oppor-tunity credit for hiring veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself, Ms. H
AHN, Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
PAYNE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. T AKAI, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. 
TSONGAS ): 
H.R. 2266. A bill to extend the low-interest 
refinancing provisions under the Local De-velopment Business Loan Program of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-
self and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 2267. A bill to amend title 11, United 
States Code, to provide an exception to the avoidance of transactions by bankruptcy trustee under section 548 where the trans-action was a good faith payment by a parent of post secondary education tuition for that parent’s child; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM ): 
H.R. 2268. A bill to end the use of corporal 
punishment in schools, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
POLIS, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. S CHRA -
DER): 
H.R. 2269. A bill to expand the workforce of 
veterinarians specialized in the care and con-servation of wild animals and their eco-systems, and to develop educational pro-grams focused on wildlife and zoological vet-erinary medicine; to the Committee on Agri-culture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington (for him-
self, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. C OLE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 2270. A bill to redesignate the 
Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.005 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2877 May 12, 2015 
Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Ref-
uge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Historic Site within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. 
M
CNERNEY , and Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina): 
H.R. 2271. A bill to amend the Federal 
Power Act with respect to critical electric infrastructure security, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself, Mr. 
W
ELCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , 
and Mr. J ORDAN ): 
H.R. 2272. A bill to amend section 1105 of 
title 31, United States Code, to require that the annual budget submissions of the Presi-dents include the total dollar amount re-quested for intelligence or intelligence re-lated activities of each element of the Gov-ernment engaged in such activities; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 2273. A bill to amend the Colorado 
River Storage Project Act to authorize the 
use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. K
ING 
of New York, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. R USH, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
KEATING , and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 2274. A bill to authorize the National 
Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): 
H.R. 2275. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration and to improve employment services for vet-erans by consolidating various programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-
self, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. P OSEY , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): 
H.R. 2276. A bill to establish a moratorium 
on oil and gas-related seismic activities off the coastline of the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself, 
Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. R USH, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. C APPS , 
and Mr. S CHWEIKERT ): 
H.R. 2277. A bill to prohibit employers from 
compelling or coercing any person to author-ize access to a protected computer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. 
G
OODLATTE ): 
H.R. 2278. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to eliminate the diver-sity immigrant program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 2279. A bill to establish a moratorium 
on oil and gas-related seismic activities off the coastline of the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. 
G
RIFFITH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R AN-
GEL, and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 2280. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to direct the Administrator of General Services to incorporate bird-safe building materials and design features into public buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 2281. A bill to provide for the elimi-
nation of the Department of Education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and 
Mr. R
OEof Tennessee): 
H.R. 2282. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the enrollment of veterans in certain courses of education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-
self, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
SIRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN ): 
H.R. 2283. A bill to require face to face pur-
chases of ammunition, to require licensing of ammunition dealers, and to require report-ing regarding bulk purchases of ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2284. A bill to provide for the reten-
tion and future use of certain land in Point Spencer, Alaska, to support the mission of the Coast Guard, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the Bering Straits Native Corporation, to convey certain land in Point Spencer to the State of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.J. Res. 50. A joint resolution granting 
the consent of Congress to the Health Care Compact; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H. Res. 254. A resolution expressing the 
condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr., a Representative from the State of Texas; considered and agreed to. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
TIBERI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. 
BROWN of Florida): 
H. Res. 256. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of May as Stroke Awareness Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas (for herself, Mr. K
INGof New 
York, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R USH, 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. 
TORRES , and Ms. S PEIER ): 
H. Res. 257. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Nurses Week on May 6, 2015, through May 12, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H. Res. 258. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives sup-porting the Federal workforce; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. 
N
EAL): 
H. Res. 259. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of September 2015 as ‘‘Na-tional Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 2248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
ARTICLE I 
By Ms. GABBARD: 
H.R. 2249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: 
H.R. 2250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made byLa w... .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific con-
stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas: 
H.R. 2252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12MY7.100 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2878 May 12, 2015 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: 
H.R. 2253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 2254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 2255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 2256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 2257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 2258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
SUCH AS Article IV, section 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States grants Con-gress the authority to enact this bill. The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. RIGELL: 
H.R. 2259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The 2nd Amendment of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 2260. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: 
H.R. 2261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. M
CCARTHY: 
H.R. 2262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: 
The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 2263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause XII–XIV of the 
Constitution of the United States, which gives Congress the authority to: 
To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-
priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; 
To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 2265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment XVI to th U.S. Constitution. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 2266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have 
Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 2267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 2268. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HASTINGS: 
H.R. 2269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among several States, and with Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington: 
H.R. 2270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 2271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 2272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 2273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 2274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 2275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: 
H.R. 2276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER: 
H.R. 2277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment IV 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 2278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, which states 
that Congress has the power to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 2279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: 
H.R. 2280. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constituion 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 2281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution states that ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 2282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The above mentioned legislation is based 
upon the following Section 8 statement: 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: 
H.R. 2283. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.042 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2879 May 12, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 2284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article 
1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.J. Res. 50. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 10, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution: 
No State shall, without the Consent of 
Congress, lay any Duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 36: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 91: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Ms. E STY, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 93: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . 
H.R. 114: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 140: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 160: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 188: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 201: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 232: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
PERRY , and Mr. P ETERS on. 
H.R. 235: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R OSS, 
Mr. Y ODER , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. R OGERS of Ken-
tucky, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OE 
of Tennessee, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. F ARR, Mr. B LUM, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
FOXX, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G IB-
SON, and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 288: Mr. W ALZand Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 290: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 303: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. 
BEATTY , and Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 310: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 333: Mr. W ALDEN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
JONES , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 343: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 353: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 374: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 375: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 411: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 449: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 474: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 483: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 504: Mr. O LSON , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 528: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 532: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 560: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 565: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 571: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 578: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mrs. M ILLER  
of Michigan. 
H.R. 590: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 604: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 624: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California. 
H.R. 628: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S LAUGH -TER, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 653: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 662: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 690: Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 699: Ms. M OORE and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 702: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 711: Mr. K ENNEDY and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 721: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. L ONG, Mr. R OG-
ERSof Alabama, and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 723: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 726: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 802: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H IMES, and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 815: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. 
WALBERG . 
H.R. 817: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 835: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 837: Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 842: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 845: Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 863: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Indiana. 
H.R. 864: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 866: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 868: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 880: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 915: Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. 
MOULTON . 
H.R. 920: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 923: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
RIGELL . 
H.R. 990: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. W ELCH , and 
Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 999: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 1018: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee. 
H.R. 1057: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 1073: Mr. C OOKand Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1114: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1117: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1125: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1131: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1133: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. 
GUTHRIE . 
H.R. 1171: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mrs. M ILLER  
of Michigan. 
H.R. 1173: Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. W OODALL , Mr. P ETERS , and 
Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1190: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S AN-
FORD , Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of 
California, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1197: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. L ORET -
TASANCHEZ of California, Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. G IBSON , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
ROSS, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1209: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 1222: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. R USH, and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1227: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. 
ZELDIN . 
H.R. 1234: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. A LLEN , and 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1249: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1250: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut. 
H.R. 1258: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. S MITH 
of Washington. 
H.R. 1269: Mr. C ONYERS and Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 1284: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B ARLETTA , and 
Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
PETERS . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. K ATKO and Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1340: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1384: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. I SRAEL and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1404: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. G ABBARD , and 
Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1461: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1462: Ms. K USTER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Ms. 
DELBENE, and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mrs. 
NOEM, and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1482: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 1504: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1507: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1515: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. W ALZ, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 1517: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1528: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1531: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1532: Mr. K LINE, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 1548: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B EYER , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. Y ARMUTH , and 
Mrs. Napolitano. 
H.R. 1559: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. H IMES, and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. K IND, Mr. A MODEI , 
Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. 
CICILLINE . 
H.R. 1587: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1600: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Ms. K USTER , and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H.R. 1602: Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. H AHN, and Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1604: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. K IND, Ms. T SON-
GAS, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. W ALZ, and 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1611: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. H UELSKAMP , and Mr. H ECK of 
Washington. 
H.R. 1615: Mr. P ERRY and Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 1634: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. S TEWART and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:22 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.046 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2880 May 12, 2015 
H.R. 1637: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 1640: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
PERRY . 
H.R. 1644: Mr. B ARR, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
JENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1650: Mr. J ONES , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1654: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. N UNES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
LOEBSACK . 
H.R. 1657: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1664: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1669: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1674: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1677: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1708: Ms. M OORE and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1713: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 1722: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1734: Mr. B OSTand Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
HILL, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. W ELCH , 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
MCHENRY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1739: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1742: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1767: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 1773: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1785: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G ARRETT , and 
Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. D ELBENE, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. 
NORTON . 
H.R. 1818: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G IBSON , and Ms. 
ESTY. 
H.R. 1832: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 1834: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1842: Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 1846: Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. J EFFRIES , Miss 
RICEof New York, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. 
MOULTON . 
H.R. 1848: Mr. G UTIERREZ . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1884: Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. C ONYERS and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 1911: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1919: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 1932: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri. H.R. 1942: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1948: Mr. H ONDA and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1978: Ms. L EEand Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California. 
H.R. 1982: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1986: Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1989: Mr. R EICHERT and Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 2016: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. U PTON , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri, and Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. R UIZ, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
RANGEL , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 2026: Ms. K USTER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama. 
H.R. 2042: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M URPHY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama. 
H.R. 2044: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
KUSTER , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , and Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. L ONG, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2066: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
GRIJALVA . 
H.R. 2089: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2090: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 2110: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2123: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2128: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 2140: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2142: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2146: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2173: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
NOLAN , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2174: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 2191: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 2192: Mr. F ARRand Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2193: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2201: Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 2210: Mr. O LSON and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 2213: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
MULVANEY . 
H.R. 2215: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , and 
Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2216: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
CONYERS . 
H.R. 2227: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2236: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 2241: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. L EWIS, Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. 
DELANEY . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M ILLER  
of Florida, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H. Con. Res. 18: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. B EYER . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. S MITH of 
Washington. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
LATTA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
GIBSON , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , and Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 82: Mr. K ILMER . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H. Res. 130: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H. Res. 145: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Res. 147: Ms. M ENG, Mr. H IGGINS , and 
Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 161: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H. Res. 181: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida, and Mr. P ERRY . 
H. Res. 193: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H. Res. 203: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. R USH. 
H. Res. 206: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Res. 227: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Mr. K EATING . 
H. Res. 232: Mr. P OLIS and Ms. N ORTON . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S IMPSON , Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S MITH 
of New Jersey, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H URD 
of Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
RIBBLE , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H. Res. 235: Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 236: Mr. P ERRY . 
H. Res. 241: Mr. D OLD. 
H. Res. 253: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:34 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY7.020 H12MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2767 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 12, 2015 No. 72 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Eternal Lord, preserve us in our pil-
grimage through this life, using us as Your light to a dark world. Free us from hindrances that keep us from ac-complishing Your purposes on Earth. 
Today, abide with our Senators. Give 
light to guide them, faith to inspire them, courage to motivate them, and compassion to unite them now and ev-ermore. Lord, help them in the making of laws to execute justice and to set the captives free. Protect them in their work and keep them from those things that lead to ruin. Give them faith to see beyond today, to sow the seeds and cultivate the soil that will bring our Nation a bountiful harvest. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate will have the opportunity this afternoon to open the legislative proc-ess for a broad 21st century American trade agenda. 
Let me remind Senators that the 
vote we are taking today is not a vote to approve or disapprove of trade pro-
motion authority. In fact, the bill we will be voting to proceed to is simply a placeholder that will allow us to open a broad debate on trade that our country very much needs. Voting yes to open debate on a 21st century American trade agenda offers every Member of this body the chance to stand up for American workers, American farmers, American entrepreneurs, and American manufacturers. It is a chance to stand with Americans for economic growth, opportunity, and good jobs. 
Selling products stamped ‘‘Made in 
America’’ to the many customers who live beyond our borders is key. That is true across our entire country. It is true in my home State of Kentucky. We know that Kentucky already boasts more than half a million jobs related to trade. We know that nearly a quarter of Kentucky’s manufacturing workers depend on exports for their jobs. And we know that manufacturing jobs tied to exports pay about 18 percent more than non-export related jobs. 
So there is every reason to knock 
down more unfair international trade barriers and bring more benefits back to Americans, right here at home. Ac-cording to one estimate, Kentucky alone could see thousands more jobs and millions more in economic invest-ment if we enact smart agreements with countries in Europe and the Pa-cific. 
We also know how important these 
types of agreements are to our national security—especially in the Pacific re-gion. Just last week, seven former De-fense Secretaries from both political parties wrote to express their ‘‘strong-est possible support’’ for the bill before us today. ‘‘The stakes are clear,’’ they wrote. ‘‘There are tremendous stra-tegic benefits. . . . [and] America’s prestige, influence, and leadership are on the line.’’ 
If we care about preserving and ex-
tending American leadership in the 21st century, then we cannot cede the most dynamic region in the world to 
China. It is true from a national secu-rity perspective, and it is true from an economic perspective. 
But first, we need fair and enforce-
able trade legislation that expands con-gressional oversight over the adminis-tration and sets clear rules and proce-dures for our trade negotiators. We have all those things in the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act, a bill that passed out of the Finance Committee 20 to 6 with strong support from both parties. 
We should start the process of build-
ing on that bipartisan momentum right now. I know the opportunity to consider complex legislation via reg-ular order became too uncommon in re-cent years, but that is changing now. The Senate may still be a little rusty, though, so I want to be clear about what today’s vote is. This is a vote to begin a process. This is a vote to begin a debate on a broad trade agenda. Yes, TPA will be part of that debate. But trade adjustment assistance, or TAA, will be also. 
Now, there are many Members on my 
side of the aisle who have real reserva-tions about TAA. I do as well. But I ex-pect that at the end of this process, after the Senate works its will, TAA— trade adjustment assistance—will be part of the package the Senate sends to the House. 
The top Democrat on the Finance 
Committee made it clear at the mark-up of these trade bills that TAA needed to run alongside TPA. I know that the chairman of the committee, Senator H
ATCH , has also been working toward 
that end. 
Now, the Finance Committee didn’t 
just mark up TPA and TAA. It also marked up the African Growth and Op-portunity Act and passed the general-ized system of preferences bill by voice vote. It reported a customs and en-forcement bill by voice vote, too. 
So while TPA is clearly the center-
piece of the trade agenda before us, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.000 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2768 May 12, 2015 
there is also bipartisan support for 
other bills reported by the Finance Committee. 
Now, I know we have heard some con-
cern that these bills might get left be-hind. I don’t think that was anybody’s intent. I expect to have a robust amendment process that will allow trade-related amendments to be offered and considered, including on the sub-ject matters that the committee dealt with. The underlying substitute will be a compromise between the two parties, marrying TAA and TPA. 
But let me repeat so there is no mis-
understanding: The measure before us will be open for amendment, and I ex-pect that other trade policies consid-ered by the committee—and possibly even more—will be debated on the floor. I also expect that Chairman H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN will be 
working hard to get as much done as they can on all of these proposals. 
I know that Chairman H
ATCH wants 
to find a path forward on all of these bills. I know that Senator W
YDEN and 
Chairman R YAN spent a lot of time 
working through TAA, and, despite the objections of many on our side, it is likely to be included in any trade bill that passes the Senate. 
I am confident that an enduring 
agreement can be found if the Senate is allowed to work its will and debate openly. That is what we intend to have happen on this bill. So I repeat: All we are voting on today is whether to have that debate at all. 
If there are Senators with concerns 
about particular details of the trade agenda before us, that is all the more reason to vote to debate it. Let’s have these conversations in an open and transparent way. Let’s give the Amer-ican people a full-throated debate on an important issue. 
But we can’t debate any of the provi-
sions Senators want to consider if they vote to filibuster even getting on the bill. So I am calling on colleagues to prove they are serious—prove they are serious about wanting to pass this leg-islation—rather than simply looking for new and creative ways to defeat it. Voting to proceed is the way we have an opportunity to prove we want to pass trade promotion authority. 
All the good committee work I men-
tioned demonstrates a real hunger to process bipartisan trade legislation. So let’s vote to build on that today. Let’s vote to open debate on a 21st century American trade agenda. Let’s not slam the door on even the opportunity of having that debate. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
WASHINGTON, DC, NFL TEAM 
NAME CHANGE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, yesterday 
the National Football League punished one of its most recognizable players for 
allegedly having tampered with game balls. I find it stunning that the Na-tional Football League is more con-cerned about how much air is in a foot-ball than with a racist franchise name that denigrates Native Americans across the country. The Redskins name is a racist name. So I wish the commis-sioner would act as swiftly and deci-sively in changing the name of the Washington, DC, team as he did about not enough air in a football. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we know 
that later today the Senate will vote on whether to move forward with con-sideration of trade legislation. What we do not know, other than what the lead-er just said, is what is going to be in the matter before us. It seems to me he said that there will be TPA and TAA in the bill, and that dealing with Africa and these other provisions dealing with customs won’t be in the bill. That is unfortunate. 
In April, the Senate Finance Com-
mittee reported four bills out of the committee. Each of these four bills ad-dressed different trade issues. Several of these bills contain amendments that the Senate spent months and years working to pass. 
As I stand here today, Senate Demo-
crats still don’t know for sure the pro-cedure of the Republican leader. And I would say to my friend the Republican leader, and to everyone who hears me say this, that using the logic of the Re-publican leader, he should move to these four bills. If he wants a robust amendment process, which he talks about all the time, why doesn’t he put this legislation before this body and we will have a robust amendment process. 
The ranking member of the Finance 
Committee is here. He is an experi-enced legislator and he knows—he was here before the Republicans put skids on doing any legislation for 4 years. He knows what the process was before then. He knows what the process is today, and he knows that the reason a few things are being accomplished this work period—and I mean a few—is be-cause we have cooperated with Repub-licans. We still want to do that. 
But if the Republican leader is con-
cerned about a robust amendment process, then, put everything the com-mittee reported out. That is why we have been led by the good senior Sen-ator from Oregon the way we have been. 
I have been very clear. I am not a fan 
of fast track. But it is important to re-member that the Senate’s ongoing de-bate about trade is not limited to legis-lation granting President Obama fast- track trade authority. 
One of the bills reported out of the 
committee provides worker assistance for American workers who lose their jobs because of trade—important. Trade adjustment helps American workers to be trained, to look for new jobs, and to reenter the workplace. It is 
a program that has worked well. 
The second bill helps developing 
countries export their products to the United States. 
The third bill started out as a cus-
toms bill and now includes bipartisan provisions fighting currency manipula-tion and includes provisions on the im-portation of goods made with forced labor. It also ensures that American manufacturers can enforce trade laws against foreign companies that refuse to play by the rules. 
Simply put, these three other bills 
include many provisions to make sure that trade is fair for American workers and the American economy. 
My views on trade—I repeat—are well 
known. I don’t support these trade pro-visions. But if the Senate is going to talk about trade, we must consider its impact on the American workers and the middle class, and that is what the customs provision does. That is why I support combining these four bills into one piece of legislation—so no Amer-ican will be left behind by the Senate Republicans. 
It is essential that if we move to fast- 
track, we consider these other bills as part of the process. In past years, Democrats and Republicans joined to-gether to pass other important trade legislation with fast-track. For exam-ple, in 2002, when that passed, Congress adopted in that trade adjustment as-sistance, customs and trade enforce-ment and an extension of our pref-erence programs. If we did it in 2002, why can’t we do it today? 
My friend the majority leader talks 
about the motion to proceed as a way to move forward. There is also a way to move forward that would be less dis-ruptive, and it would work a lot better; that is, have the majority leader put all these four bills together and then begin—his words—a ‘‘robust amend-ment process.’’ 
The absence of assurance that these 
four bills are together is a signal that some will be left behind, and the people left behind, of course, are the American middle class. I urge the majority leader to take the necessary steps to merge these four bills reported out of the Fi-nance Committee into one piece of leg-islation; otherwise, we risk hurting every American whom we talk about protecting so much here; namely, the middle class. 
Again, logically, if you use the state-
ments of the Republican leader, we should put all four of them together. We would move forward on this legisla-tion. We could have a process—again, using his words, a ‘‘robust amendment process.’’ Last time those words came out—‘‘robust amendment process’’—we had two amendments. That was the Iran bill, two amendments. That is ro-bust? That is not very robust, in my es-timation. 
I wish my friend the ranking member 
of the Finance Committee the very best in this legislation. It is a huge re-sponsibility for his caucus. We, at this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.001 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2769 May 12, 2015 
stage, support these four bills being 
moved forward at the same time and then the process can begin of legis-lating. If we do not—if he does not do that, then it is going to be very dif-ficult to get to the guts of the bills that are reported out of committee. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I lis-
tened carefully to the remarks of the Senate majority leader, and I believe the majority leader’s statement pro-vides potential—potential—to find the bipartisan common ground on trade that we found in the Senate Finance Committee. In the Senate Finance Committee, we passed the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Ac-countability Act of 2015 by a 20-to-6 vote and the Trade Adjustment Assist-ance Act of 2015 by a 17-to-9 vote. We passed a robust trade enforcement measure and package of trade pref-erences by voice vote. 
Respectfully, I hope that the major-
ity leader would take this morning to work with those on my side of the aisle who are supportive of trade to find a similar bipartisan approach to ensure that all four of the measures I have de-scribed are actually enacted. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
f 
THE MIDDLE CLASS 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the leadership of Senator W YDEN  
on this, because if you leave out cer-tain bills that help workers, then what you are left with, essentially, is a package that ignores their needs. 
I do want to say that I hope we will 
not proceed to this debate on this free- trade agreement. I stand here as some-one who comes from California, where I had voted for half of the trade agree-ments and I voted against half. I think I am a fair voice for what we should be doing. 
If there is one unifying principle 
about the economics of today, it is this: the middle class is having a very hard time in America today, perhaps the worst time in modern history. 
A new University of California study 
released last week makes it clear how our middle class is being hollowed out. In my State, we have a dynamic work-force. We have dynamic entrepreneurs. We are doing very well. But this study found that the lowest paid 20 percent of California workers have seen their real wages decline by 12 percent since 1979. Think about that. This is a great 
country. We always say we have to be optimistic about tomorrow. You do ev-erything right, you play by the rules, and your income for your family, in real terms, goes down by 12 percent. There is something wrong with this. I think everyone will say they want to do more for the middle class, and there is a straightforward agenda we could turn to, to do just that. But instead what do we turn to: a trade agreement that threatens the middle class—that threatens the middle class. What should we be doing here? Not confab-bing in a corner over there about how to push a trade bill on this floor that doesn’t help working America, we should pass a highway bill. The high-way bill is critical—good-paying jobs, businesses that thrive in all of our communities. More than 60,000 of our bridges are structurally deficient, more than 50 percent of our roads are not in good condition. But, oh, no, even though the highway bill expires—we have no more authority to expend money out of that fund come the end of May—they are bringing forward a trade bill that is a threat to the middle class. 
Why don’t we increase the minimum 
wage? The minimum wage needs to be raised. Oh, no, they do not want to do that. They have not done it in years. The States are doing it. Oh, no, let’s keep people working full time in pov-erty. So instead of confabbing over there on how to push a trade bill onto this floor, we ought to be raising the minimum wage. 
What else should we be doing? We 
should make college more affordable. We have people here on Social Security in this country who are still paying off their student loans. That is a shame upon America. They cannot even refi-nance their student loans. 
Instead of confabbing in the corner 
about how to bring a trade bill to this floor, why don’t we fix the student loan problem? Why don’t we raise the min-imum wage? Why don’t we pass a high-way bill that is funded to help middle- class people? 
It is all a matter of perspective, my 
friends. We still have not done equal pay for equal work, so women are not making what they should. That hurts our women when they retire. They have lost more than $400,000 in income. 
Instead of standing in the corner and 
figuring out how to bring a trade bill to the floor, they ought to be fixing equal pay for equal work. They ought to be fixing student loans for our stu-dents. They ought to be passing a high-way bill. They ought to be increasing the minimum wage. They ought to deal with currency fairness because our trading partners play with their cur-rency in order to push forward their products. But oh, no, that is not on the agenda. 
We could have an agenda for a vi-
brant middle class. But instead of that, we are moving toward a trade bill. 
I know there are some who disagree 
with me and who come down to this floor and say: We are going to create 
jobs with this trade bill; it is going to be great. Let them explain how we are not going to see some of the 12 million jobs that are manufacturing jobs in America not move to countries that pay 56 cents an hour; another country, $1.19 an hour. 
I know they will disagree with me. 
They are making all of these promises. The more I hear it, the more I hear the echoes of the NAFTA debate. That was a long time ago, and I was here then. In 1988, I voted for fast-track authority to allow the administration to negotiate the North American Free Trade Agree-ment. Then, 5 years later, I saw the deal. It was a bad deal, and I voted no, but it was too late—because when I saw the deal, I knew I could not fix it be-cause that is what fast-track is. 
What this majority today is saying 
to us is vote for fast-track and give up your right, Senator B
OXER , to amend 
this trade agreement. They say: Well, it is very transparent. Go down and look at it. 
Let me tell you what you have to do 
to read this agreement. Follow this: You can only take a few of your staff-ers who have to have a security clear-ance—because, God knows why, this is secure, this is classified. It has nothing to do with defense. It has nothing to do with going after ISIS. It has nothing to do with any of that, but it is classified. 
I go down with my staff whom I can 
get to go with me, and as soon as I get there, the guard says to me: Hand over your electronics. 
OK. I give over my electronics. Then the guard says: You cannot 
take notes. 
I said: I cannot take notes? Well, you can take notes, but you 
have to give them back to me, and I will put them in a file. 
I said: Wait a minute. I am going to 
take notes, then you are going to take my notes away from me, then you are going to have them in a file and you can read my notes—not on your life. 
So instead of standing in a corner 
trying to figure out a way to bring a trade bill to the floor that does not do anything for the middle class, that is held so secretively that you need to go down there and hand over your elec-tronics and give up your right to take notes and bring them back to your of-fice, they ought to come over here and figure out how to help the middle class, how to extend the highway bill, how to raise the minimum wage, how to move toward clean energy, how to fix our currency manipulation that we see abroad. 
Anyway, I take you back to 1988. I 
voted for fast-track for NAFTA. In-stead of the millions of new jobs that were promised, by 2010 the United States had lost 700,000 jobs. 
Instead of standing in a corner fig-
uring out how we are going to lose more jobs, we ought to do something that works for the middle class. 
Let me tell you what happened with 
NAFTA. Instead of improved pay for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.003 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2770 May 12, 2015 
our workers, which was promised, 
NAFTA pushed down American wages. It empowered employers to say to their workers: Either accept lower wages and benefits or we are moving to Mexico. Instead of strengthening our economy, it increased our trade deficit to Mex-ico, which now this year hit $50 billion. Before NAFTA we had a trade surplus with Mexico. Now we have a trade def-icit. 
So instead of standing in the corner 
and figuring out how to have more trade deficits with countries, we ought to do something to help the middle class. 
I want to talk about something that 
happened in California—in Santa Ana— right after NAFTA. The city had worked hard to keep a Mitsubishi plant that assembled big-screen TVs, secur-ing tax credits to help the plant stay competitive. Even after NAFTA passed, company officials promised they would keep the plant in Santa Ana. But guess what, folks. Three years later, Mitsubishi closed the plant. Company officials said they had to cut costs, es-pecially labor costs, so they were mov-ing their operations to Mexico. 
We lost 400 good-paying, middle-class 
jobs, even though everyone promised NAFTA would never do that. This is going to be wonderful. I got suckered into voting yes on fast-track. I fear we see this pattern again. 
The definition of ‘‘insanity’’ is doing 
the same thing over and over and ex-pecting a different outcome. We have 12.3 million manufacturing jobs in this country. We are looking at a trans-pacific partnership deal, the largest trade deal in history, covering 40 per-cent of the world’s economy. Tell me, what chance do our people who work in manufacturing have against countries that pay less than $1 an hour? In one case, I think it is 70 cents an hour. 
Of the 12 countries in the TPP, 3 have 
minimum wages that are higher than ours, Australia, New Zealand, and Can-ada, but most of the countries have far lower wages, including Chile, with a minimum wage of $2.14; Peru, with a minimum wage of $1.38; and Vietnam, with a minimum wage of 70 cents. Brunei and Singapore don’t even have a minimum wage. 
I think I have laid out the argument 
as to why all of these promises about better wages and more jobs fall flat on their face when we look at that last free trade deal—and this one involves more countries. 
Then there is the investor-state dis-
pute settlement, or ISDS, which will allow polluters to sue for unlimited money damages. For example, they could use it to try to undo the incred-ible work in California on climate change by claiming that they were put at a disadvantage by having to live with California’s laws. 
Polluters could seek to undermine 
the President’s Clean Power Plan or the toxic mercury pollution under the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards or they could sue because they had to spend a little money to make sure they 
didn’t dump toxins into our water-ways—drinking water. 
We have seen this happen before. SD 
Myers, Lone Pine Resources, and the Renco Group sued. They notified Peru in 2010 and intended to launch an $800 million investor-state claim against the government because they said the fair-trade agreement was violated be-cause it said they did not really have to install all of these antipollution de-vices. Yet Peru forced them to do it, and what happened was that ‘‘polluters pay’’ turned into ‘‘polluters get paid.’’ 
So we have a trade agreement that 
threatens 12 million manufacturing jobs. We have a trade agreement that is pushing all of the things we need to do for our middle class off the floor. We have a trade agreement that sets up this extrajudicial board that can over-come America’s laws. 
As former Labor Secretary Robert 
Reich has warned, the consequences could be disastrous. He calls the TPP ‘‘a Trojan horse in a global race to the bottom, giving big corporations and Wall Street a way to eliminate any and all laws and regulations that get in the way of their profits.’’ 
We should set this aside and not go 
to this today. Let’s work together as Democrats and Republicans for a true middle-class agenda, for a robust in-vestment in our roads, bridges, and highways, and to fix our immigration system. 
I see Senator L
EAHY is on the floor. 
He put together a comprehensive im-migration reform bill that was amaz-ing, but it was stopped and never hap-pened. We have workers in the dark who are afraid to come out into the sunlight, and that puts a downward pressure on wages. Let’s pass that. Let’s make college more affordable, en-sure equal pay for equal work, and fight for currency fairness. We can do it. 
f 
TOXIC REFORM 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I will 
take about 3 minutes to talk about my last issue today, and that is the toxic reform bill that passed out of the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee. 
Mr. President, I have some great 
news about the toxic bill. The original Vitter-Udall bill was slain and is gone and in its place is a better bill. That is the great news. The bad news is it is still not a really good bill. We have to do better, and we can do better. 
What we did in this bill is to under-
stand that we had to negotiate certain items out of it, and one of the items we had to negotiate was how far the origi-nal bill went in preempting State laws, which we have now addressed. Credit goes to 450 organizations that—al-though they still oppose this bill— pushed hard for those changes. Credit also goes to Senators W
HITEHOUSE , 
MERKLEY , and B OOKER , who told me 
they wanted to try to negotiate some changes. I blessed them, and they went and did it. For that I have to thank a 
Senator who is no longer with us, Ted Kennedy. He taught me that, as a chairman, you need to understand that sometimes you have to turn to your colleagues and let them move forward. And I was happy to do that. 
The changes that came back included 
a part-way fix on preemption, a full fix on preempting air and water laws when it comes to toxics. And coenforcement has been fixed. So we are very, very pleased. 
What is not really fixed, however, is 
that we want to make sure States have even more latitude to move if they see a danger. If there is a cancer cluster among kids or adults around this coun-try, we want to make sure that the Federal Government will move to help them. We want to make sure that as-bestos is addressed directly in this bill because 10,000 people a year die from asbestos exposure. If there is a chem-ical stored near a drinking water sup-ply, we want to make sure that it, in fact, will receive priority attention. 
What chemical is in there? We saw it 
happen in West Virginia. Senator M
ANCHIN wrote a really good bill with 
me. We should address that, and I was happy to see that we had some bipar-tisan votes on those last two fixes. 
We have to fix this bill, and I just 
don’t agree with anyone who comes to the floor and says it is perfect. But what I think is not important. What is important is what 450 groups think, and they think the bill has to be fixed. 
Let’s be clear. The people who say we 
have to fix the bill with perfecting amendments include the American Public Health Association and its Pub-lic Health Nursing Section, the Asbes-tos Disease Awareness Organization, the Consumers Union, the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, the Na-tional Disease Clusters Alliance, the National Hispanic Medical Association, the Birth Defect Research for Children, Physicians for Social Responsibility, the Maryland Nurses Association, the Massachusetts Nurses Association, the National Association of Hispanic Nurses, the Association of Women’s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses, the Breast Cancer Action, the Breast Cancer Fund, Huntington Breast Can-cer Coalition, Kids v Cancer, and the Lung Cancer Alliance. It goes on and on. A full list of the organizations can be found at saferchemicals.org/coali-tion. 
I say to my colleagues that the Vit-
ter-Udall bill is much better now than when it was introduced, and these 450 groups did everything in their power to help us fix the bill. We are halfway there. I hope we can negotiate some more fixes—and maybe we can do that. 
If we can pass four or five of these 
amendments, we are on our way. But if we cannot fix the bill and it does come here, there will be a lot of talking about how to fix it. There will be a lot of talking, a lot of standing on our feet, and a lot of rallies with 450 groups. That is the choice the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.004 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2771 May 12, 2015 
faces, and in the end, we will deal with 
this. 
I took to the floor today to thank my 
colleagues who helped negotiate this from a bill that was a disaster to a bet-ter bill, and I also want to make sure that these 450 organizations, including NRDC—what they did by standing up and calling for Safer Chemicals Healthy Families—was so fantastic. They never allowed people to talk them down or bully them out of the room. I stand with them 100 percent. The Asbestos Disease Awareness Orga-nization was incredible. 
We have some hope here. All we have 
to do is keep on fixing this bill, and it could come to a good place. 
I so appreciate the patience of my 
colleagues. I talked long about two bills which are very important. I hope we will not get on this trade bill. I hope we will move to an agenda for the middle class. 
As I said, the original toxic chemi-
cals bill, S. 697, that according to a prize-winning reporter was written on the computer of the American Chem-istry Council, was deeply flawed. That bill is gone. Thanks to the public health organizations, environmental organizations such as the Environ-mental Working Group, Safer Chemi-cals, the Breast Cancer Fund, Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization, NRDC, nurses, physicians, the media, and individuals such as Deirdre Imus, Linda Reinstein, and Trevor Schaefer. Those individuals and organizations put S. 697, the original bill, front and center and, despite its beautiful name, saw it for what it was. 
The amended version that was re-
ported out of the EPW Committee last month included fixes to preemption of State air and water laws, co-enforce-ment of chemical restrictions by States, and removal of a harmful provi-sion that would have undermined EPA’s ability to restrict the import of dangerous chemicals from foreign countries. 
However, there are still critical 
changes that must be made in order for this bill to do what has been advertised and protect public health. 
Leading public health, labor, and en-
vironmental groups, including the Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families Co-alition, which represents 450 environ-mental, labor, and public health groups; the Asbestos Disease Aware-ness Organization; AFL–CIO; Environ-mental Working Group, the Breast Cancer Fund, and the Center for Envi-ronmental Health, and others have made clear that they do not support the bill reported from the EPW Com-mittee because key improvements are needed if we are to achieve real TSCA reform. 
Our common goal is real TSCA re-
form. We should fix the dangerous loop-holes that could undo the good inten-tions of so many who have worked on this effort. 
As Lisa Heinzerling, a professor at 
Georgetown University Law Center and former senior EPA official pointed out 
in a recent blog titled, ‘‘Toxic Ambi-guity: the Dangerous Mixed Messages of the Udall-Vitter Bill to Reform TSCA,’’ these are serious loopholes that must be addressed. 
I believe the needed fixes are achiev-
able. Some of these changes, which I offered in the EPW Committee, re-ceived bipartisan support. As we move forward, I ask my colleagues to join me to keep making this bill better. 
We need to address clusters of cancer, 
birth defects and other diseases, espe-cially when children are affected. Com-munities should have the tools they need to determine whether there is a connection between these clusters and contaminants in the surrounding envi-ronment. Senator C
RAPO was a cospon-
sor of this common-sense provision and voted for it in the EPW Committee. 
We must ensure the chemicals that 
could contaminate drinking water sup-plies, such as the spill that occurred in West Virginia last year, are prioritized. Senator C
APITO from West Virginia 
supported this amendment in the EPW Committee. 
We must ensure States can continue 
to act. The bill reported from the EPW Committee could still shut the States out for years from the ability to pro-tect their citizens from toxic hazards. The process for State action is com-plicated and confusing and likely to end up in the courthouse. If the inten-tion is to allow the States to act if the Federal Government has not done so, the bill needs to be amended to make that clear. 
Asbestos has been a poster child for 
this bill and it is one of the most dan-gerous substances known to human-kind—it takes 10,000 lives a year. We need to ensure that EPA can expedi-tiously review and take action to ban asbestos within 3 or less years. 
The legal standard of review in this 
bill is the same as the original TSCA. We must ensure that there are no op-portunities for the fatal flaws of cur-rent TSCA to be retained in the new law. 
These are the kind of fixes I believe 
we can accomplish. 
I think my colleagues and I can agree 
that there are safeguards that still need to be put in place. Now it is time to ensure that these safeguards become a reality. 
We need to get it right this time. The 
stakes are high. 
I look forward to working with col-
leagues to make this chemical safety bill do the job that our families and children deserve. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I wish 
to harken back about 6 months, if I could, to the election of last November. For me there were at least three takeaways from that election. No. 1, the voters of this country want us to 
work together and across party lines. No. 2, they want us to get things done. Among the things they want us to get done is to find a way to strengthen the economic recovery that has been un-derway now for several years. 
Senator B
OXER has referred to a cou-
ple of things that would be on that to- do list—a robust 6-year transportation bill that rebuilds our roads, highways, bridges, transit systems and will put a lot of people to work and helps to strengthen our economic recovery by making a more efficient and effective transportation network to move prod-ucts and goods all over this country and outside of this country. 
We need to strengthen our cyber se-
curity. We need to address data breach and all of the attacks that are going on throughout this country to businesses, colleges, and universities—you name it. 
We need tax reform that actually 
provides some predictability in the tax system and makes our Tax Code on the business side more competitive with the rest of the world. 
We also need to acknowledge, as the 
President has done, that 95 percent of the world’s market lies outside of our borders—95 percent. The fastest grow-ing part of that market around the world is Asia. The President has sug-gested and strongly supported a trade agreement that would involve 12 na-tions, including about a half dozen here in this hemisphere and the other half over in Asia. All together it encom-passes about 40 percent of the world trade market. 
The President is not suggesting that 
we just open up our markets so that other countries can sell more of their stuff here. They already do that for the most part. The goal of this trade agree-ment is to open up these other markets in other countries so we can sell our goods, our products, and our services there. This is a top priority for this ad-ministration and this should be a top priority for Democrats and Repub-licans. This is a priority that should be hammered out and worked on in a way that will be fair to workers and middle- class families. 
The majority leader has come here 
today to suggest a path forward. I hope we will not reject it. What he suggested is we allow, through a vote on the clo-ture, to move to the floor and begin de-bate on four different pieces of legisla-tion that are part of the transportation agreement. We have seen this movie before. In fact, we have seen it any number of times before because I be-lieve we have given trade promotion authority to every President since World War II except Richard Nixon. The reason why is because it is almost impossible for 535 of us in the Congress to negotiate a trade deal. Whether it is 3 nations or 11 other nations, it is pret-ty much impossible, and that is why we have trade promotion authority. 
The majority leader suggested that 
we move to these four goals and let’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.005 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2772 May 12, 2015 
begin the debate. We should realize, as 
Democrats, that we already realized a great victory here. In the past, the Re-publicans have rejected our efforts al-most every time to include trade as-sistance adjustment, so that when folks are displaced from their jobs, they can actually get help on their health care, job training, and have an opportunity to put their lives back to-gether. 
This legislation today, the trade pro-
motion authority, actually expresses what our views and our priorities are as a Congress through the trade nego-tiator and to our negotiating partners overseas, and I think that is in our in-terest. The other thing that we get out of moving TPA with TAA together is that we get the assurance upfront that we are going to look after workers who are displaced. It is the best trade ad-justment assistance we have ever had, at least in terms of the way it treats workers and displaced workers. It even helps those who are maybe not even af-fected by this agreement but are af-fected by other calamities in our econ-omy—not just in the manufacturing sector but also in the service sector as well. 
I suggest this to my colleagues: Let’s 
spend the time between now and 2:30 p.m. trying to figure out how we can establish some confidence, faith, and trust here, so that if we move to this bill, it will not be just to consider trade promotion authority and trade adjustment assistance, we will have an opportunity to consider the other two pieces of legislation as well. 
There is a lot riding on this. The eco-
nomic recovery of our country does not rise and fall simply on the passage of this legislation and the conclusion of these negotiations, but it sure would help. It would sure help bolster a stronger economic recovery, just as would the passage of a 6-year transpor-tation bill, just as would cyber security legislation, data breach legislation, and on and on. 
I will close with this thought about 
the debate we have had in recent months with respect to the negotia-tions between the five permanent members of the Security Council, the Germans, and the Iranians in our ef-forts to make sure the Iranians don’t develop a nuclear weapon. We have said again and again—we reworked the old Reagan slogan ‘‘trust but verify,’’ ex-cept with the Iranians, we have not said ‘‘trust but verify, we have said ‘‘mistrust but verify.’’ 
I would suggest to my colleagues, es-
pecially on this side of the aisle, let’s take that approach here. Maybe we don’t trust the Republicans that they are going to do what they say they are going to do, but we have an oppor-tunity to verify. The verifying comes with a vote later on. We go to the bill; we actually move to the bill, debate the amendments, and so forth. 
If at the end of the day we are not 
happy with what has happened, if we feel as though we have been given a raw deal, that workers in this country 
have been given a raw deal, middle- class families have been given a raw deal, we have a chance to verify and we vote not to move the bill off the floor. We would not provide cloture to end debate. That is where we have our final vote. I hope we keep that in mind. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to engage in a colloquy for up to 30 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I am here to 
speak in support of the USA FREE-DOM Act, a bill that would restrain the power of government to collect data on phone calls made by average, everyday, ordinary, law-abiding American citi-zens—300 million-plus Americans— without any suspicion that any one of them is engaged in any kind of crimi-nal activity, any kind of activity in-volving the collection of foreign intel-ligence. 
I appreciate the support I have re-
ceived for this bill, and I appreciate the opportunity to work with my distin-guished colleague, the senior Senator from Vermont. Senator L
EAHY and I 
feel passionate about this issue. Al-though Senator L
EAHY and I come from 
different ends of what some would per-ceive as the political spectrum and al-though we don’t agree on every issue, there are many issues on which we do agree. There are many issues, such as this one, on which we can say that these issues are neither Republican nor Democratic, they are neither liberal nor conservative, they are simply American issues, constitutional issues. They are issues that relate to the prop-er order of government. They are issues that relate to the rule of law itself. 
The Constitution of the United 
States protects the American people against unreasonable searches. It does so against a long historical backdrop of government abuse. Over time, our Founding Fathers came to an under-standing that the immense power of government needs to be constrained be-cause those in power will tend to accu-mulate more power and, in time, they will tend to abuse that power unless that power is carefully constrained. 
America’s Founding Fathers were in-
formed in many respects by what they learned from our previous national government, our London-based na-tional government. They were in-formed, in part, by the story of John Wilkes. 
John Wilkes—not to be confused with 
John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of Abraham Lincoln—John Wilkes was a member of the English Parliament. He was a member of Parliament who in 1763 found himself at the receiving end of King George III’s justice. In 1763, John Wilkes had published a 
document known as the North Briton No. 45. The North Briton was a weekly circular, a type of news magazine in England—one that, unlike most of the other weeklies in England at the time, was not dedicated to fawning praise of King George III and his ministers. No. This weekly would from time to time criticize the actions of King George III and his ministers. 
At the time John Wilkes published 
the North Briton No. 45, he became the enemy of the King because he had criti-cized certain remarks delivered by the King in his address to Parliament. While not openly directly critical of the King himself, he criticized the King’s minister who had prepared the remarks. 
For King George III, this was simply 
too much; this simply could not stand. So, before long, on Easter Sunday 1763, John Wilkes found himself arrested, and he found himself subject to an invasive search—a search performed pursuant to a general warrant and one that didn’t specify the names of the in-dividuals to be searched, the particular places to be searched, or the particular items subject to that invasive search. It said, basically, in essence: Go and find the people responsible for this hor-rendous publication, the North Briton No. 45, and go after them. Search through their papers and get every-thing you want, everything you need. 
John Wilkes decided that his rights 
as an Englishman prevented this type of action—or should have, under the law, prevented this type of action—so he chose to fight this action in court. It took time. John Wilkes spent some time in jail, but he eventually won his freedom. He was subsequently re-elected to multiple terms in Par-liament. Because he fought this battle against the administration of King George III, he became something of a folk hero across England. 
In fact, the number 45, with its asso-
ciation with the North Briton No. 45— the publication that had gotten him in trouble in the first place—the number 45 became synonymous not only with John Wilkes but also with the cause of freedom itself. The number 45 was a symbol of liberty not only in England but also in America. People would cele-brate by ordering 45 drinks for their 45 closest friends. People would recognize this symbol by writing the number 45 on the walls of taverns and saloons. The number 45 came to represent the triumph of the common citizen against the all-powerful force of an overbearing national government. 
With the example of John Wilkes in 
mind, the Founding Fathers were rightly wary of allowing government access to private activities and the communications of citizens. They feared not only that the government could seize their property but that it could gain access to details about their private lives. It was exactly for this reason that when James Madison began writing what would become the Fourth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.007 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2773 May 12, 2015 
Amendment in 1789, he used language 
to make sure that general warrants would not be the norm and, in fact, would not be acceptable in our new Re-public. 
Ultimately, Congress proposed and 
the States ratified the Fourth Amend-ment to the U.S. Constitution, which provides in pertinent part that any search warrants would have to be war-rants ‘‘particularly describing the place to be searched and the persons or things to be seized.’’ 
General warrants are not the norm in 
America. General warrants are not ac-ceptable in America. They are not compatible with our constitutional system. Yet, today, we see a disturbing trend, one that bears some eerie simi-larities to general warrants in the sense that we have the NSA collecting information—data—on every phone call that is made in America. If a person owns a telephone, if a person uses a telephone, the NSA has records going back 5 years of every number a person has called and every number from which a person has received a call. It knows when the call was placed. It knows how long the call lasted. 
While any one of these data points 
might themselves not inform the gov-ernment too much about a person, re-searchers using similar data have prov-en that the government could, if it wanted to, use that same data set, that same database to discern an awful lot of private information about a person. The government could discern private information, including a person’s reli-gious affiliation; political affiliation; level of activity politically, reli-giously, and otherwise; the condition of a person’s health; a person’s hobbies and interests. These metadata points, while themselves perhaps not revealing much in the aggregate, when put into a large database, can reveal a lot about the American people. 
This database is collected for the 
purpose of allowing the NSA to check against possible abuses by those who would do us harm, by agents, foreign intelligence agents, spies. But the problem here is that the NSA isn’t col-lecting data solely on numbers that are involved in foreign intelligence activ-ity, nor is it collecting data solely on phone numbers contacted by those numbers suspected to be involved in some type of foreign intelligence activ-ity. They are just collecting all of the data from all of the phone providers. They are putting it in one database and then allowing that database to be searched. 
This issue was recently challenged in 
court. It was challenged and was re-cently the subject of a ruling issued by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sec-ond Circuit based in New York. Just a few days ago, this last Thursday, the Second Circuit concluded that Con-gress, in enacting the PATRIOT Act, in enacting section 215 of the PATRIOT Act—the provision in the PATRIOT Act that claims to justify this bulk data collection program—the Second Circuit concluded that section 215 of 
the PATRIOT Act does not authorize bulk collection. It does not authorize the NSA to simply issue orders to tele-phone service providers saying: Send us all of your data. The language in the PATRIOT Act permitted the govern-ment to access the records that were ‘‘relevant to an authorized investiga-tion.’’ That is the language from sec-tion 215 that is at issue. 
The government argued in that case 
that the term ‘‘relevant’’ in the con-text of the NSA’s work meant and nec-essarily included every record regard-ing every telephone number used by every American. By interpreting it this way, they tried to basically strip all meaning from the word ‘‘relevant.’’ If Congress had meant every record, Con-gress could have said every record. It did not. That is not to say it would have been appropriate for Congress to do so, and had Congress legislated in such broad terms, I suspect there would have been significant concern raised, if not in court then at least within this Chamber and within the House of Representatives. But, impor-tantly, Congress did not adopt that statutory language. Congress instead authorized NSA to collect records that are ‘‘relevant to an authorized inves-tigation.’’ 
The Second Circuit agreed that this 
is a problem, holding last week that the bulk collection program exceeded the language of the statute—specifi-cally, the word ‘‘relevant.’’ While ‘‘rel-evant’’ is a broad standard, it is in-tended to be a limiting term whose bounds were read out of the statute by a government willing to overreach its bounds. 
The proper American response to 
government overreach involves setting clear limits—limits that will allow the people to hold the government ac-countable. We must not permit this type of collection to continue. 
While it is true that a single call 
record reveals relatively little informa-tion about a person, again, the impor-tant thing to remember is that when we aggregate all of this data together, the government can tell a lot about a person. I have every confidence that and I am willing to assume for pur-poses of this discussion that the hard- working, brave men and women who work at the NSA have our best inter-ests at heart. I am willing to assume for purposes of this discussion that they are not abusing this database as it stands right now. 
Some would disagree with me in that 
assumption, but let’s proceed under that assumption, that they are law- abiding individuals who are not abus-ing their access to this database. Who is to say the NSA will always be inhab-ited only by such people? Who is to say what the state of affairs might be 1 year from now or 2 years or 5 years or 10 or 15 years? We know that in time people tend to abuse these types of gov-ernment programs. 
We know from the Church report 
back in the 1970s that every adminis-tration from FDR through Nixon used 
our Nation’s intelligence-gathering ac-tivities to engage in espionage. It is not a question of if such tools will be abused; it is a question of when they will be abused. It is our job as Senators to help protect the American people against excessive risk of this type of abuse. That is why Senator L
EAHY and 
I have introduced the USA FREEDOM Act. It directly addresses the bulk data collection issue while preserving essen-tial intelligence community capabili-ties. 
Rather than relying on the govern-
ment’s interpretation of the word ‘‘rel-evant,’’ our bill requires that the NSA include a specific selection term—a term meant to identify a specific tar-get—and that the NSA then use the term to limit to the greatest extent reasonably practicable the scope of its request. 
We give the government the tools to 
make targeted requests in a manner that parallels the current practice at the NSA—in many respects, a practice that is currently limited only by Presi-dential preferences. 
This bill would enable the court to 
invite precleared privacy experts to help decide how to address novel ques-tions of law, if the court wanted input. 
The bill also would increase our secu-
rity in several ways, including by pro-viding emergency authority when a target of surveillance enters the United States to cause serious bodily harm or death and instituting the changes nec-essary to come in line with the Bush era nuclear treaties. 
This bill was negotiated in consulta-
tion with the House Judiciary Com-mittee, the House Intelligence Com-mittee, and the intelligence commu-nity at large. It is supported by the chairman and ranking members of the House Judiciary Committee, the House Intelligence Committee, and the Direc-tor of National Intelligence. It enjoys broad support from industry and from privacy groups. 
This is a compromise—an important 
compromise that will enable us to pro-tect Americans’ privacy while giving the government the tools it needs to keep us safe. This is a compromise that is expected to pass the House over-whelmingly, and it is a bill I think we should take up and pass as soon as they have voted. 
So I would ask my friend, my col-
league, the distinguished senior Sen-ator from Vermont, about his insights. My friend from Vermont has served his country well, having served a signifi-
cant amount of time in the U.S. Sen-ate. Prior to that time, he served as a prosecutor—a prosecutor who had to follow and was subject to the Fourth Amendment. 
I would ask Senator L
EAHY , in his ex-
perience as a prosecutor and as a Sen-ator, what he sees as the major bene-fits to this legislation and the major pitfalls to the NSA’s current practice of bulk data collection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Vermont. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.009 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2774 May 12, 2015 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the sen-
ior Senator from Utah has laid out very well the reasons for the changes proposed in the House and proposed by his and my bill. He also said something we should all think about. A couple of minutes ago, he said: Assuming every-body is following the rules today, are they going to follow the rules tomor-row or next year or the year after? 
When he mentioned that, he also 
mentioned my years as a prosecutor. Let me tell a short story. I became one of the officers of the National District Attorneys Association and eventually vice president. A number of us had oc-casion to meet the then-Director of the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover. I thought back to some of the frightening things he said about investigating people because of their political beliefs. You could tell Communists because they were all ‘‘hippies driving Volkswagens’’ was one of the things he said; secondly, that the New York Times was getting too leftist in some of its editorials and was coming very close to being a Com-munist paper, and he was making plans to investigate it as such. Think about that for a moment. The New York Times had criticized him editorially, and he was thinking he should inves-tigate it as a Communist paper. 
Not long thereafter, he died. We 
found out more and more about the se-cret files he had on everybody, from Presidents to Members of Congress. What if a J. Edgar Hoover had the kinds of tools that are available today? That would be my response to the Sen-ator from Utah, and that is why I to-tally agree with him that we have to think about not just today but what might happen in the future. 
For years, Section 215 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act has been used by the NSA to justify the bulk collection of innocent Americans’ phone records. Americans were appropriately outraged when they learned about this massive intrusion into their privacy. 
Look at what happened last week. 
The highly respected Federal Second Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed what we have known for some time: The NSA’s bulk collection of Ameri-cans’ phone records is unlawful, it is not essential, and it must end. That ba-sically says it all. It is unlawful, it is not essential, and it should end. 
Under the government’s interpreta-
tion of Section 215, the NSA or FBI can obtain any tangible thing so long as it is ‘‘relevant’’ to an authorized inves-tigation. Think for a moment back to J. Edgar Hoover—and I do not by any means equate the current Director of the FBI or his predecessors with what happened back then, but if you have somebody with that mindset. 
In the name of fighting terrorism, 
the government convinced a secret court that it needed to collect billions of phone records of innocent Ameri-cans—not because those phone records were relevant to any specific counter-terrorism investigation but, rather, be-cause the NSA wanted to sift through them in the future. This is an extraor-
dinarily broad reading of the statute— one that I can say, as someone who was here at the time, that Congress never intended—and the Second Circuit rightfully held that such an expansive concept of ‘‘relevance’’ is ‘‘unprece-dented and unwarranted.’’ Such an in-terpretation of ‘‘relevance’’ has no log-ical limits. 
This debate is not just about phone 
records. If we accept that the govern-ment can collect all of our phone records because it may want to sift through them someday to look for some possible connection to terrorists, where will it end? 
We know that for years the NSA col-
lected metadata about billions of emails sent by innocent Americans using the same justification. Should we allow the government to sweep up all of our credit card records, all of our banking or medical records, our fire-arms or ammunition purchases? Or how about anything we have ever post-ed on Facebook or anything we have ever searched for on Google or any other search engine? Who wants to tell their constituents that they support putting all this information into gov-ernment databases? 
I say enough is enough. I do not ac-
cept that the government will be care-ful in safeguarding this secret data—so careful that they allowed a private contractor named Edward Snowden to walk away with all this material. What is to stop anybody else from doing ex-actly the same thing? 
During one of the six Judiciary Com-
mittee hearings that I convened on these issues last Congress, I asked the then-Deputy Attorney General whether there was any limit to this interpreta-tion of Section 215. I did not get a sat-isfactory answer—that is, until the Second Circuit ruled last week and cor-rectly laid out the implication of this theory. They said that if the govern-ment’s interpretation of Section 215 is correct, the government could use Sec-tion 215 to collect and store in bulk ‘‘any other existing metadata available anywhere in the private sector, includ-ing metadata associated with financial records, medical records, and elec-tronic communications (including e- mail and social media information) re-lating to all Americans.’’ I don’t think you are going to find many Americans anywhere in the political spectrum who want to give this government or any other government that kind of power because nothing under the gov-ernment’s interpretation would stop it from collecting and storing in bulk any of this information. 
The potential significance of this in-
terpretation is staggering. It is no won-der that groups as disparate as the ACLU and the National Rifle Associa-tion have joined together to file a law-suit in the Second Circuit to stop this bulk collection program. 
Congress finally has the opportunity 
to make real reforms not only to Sec-tion 215 but to other parts of FISA that can be used to conduct bulk collection. 
Tomorrow, the House will consider the bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. Senator L
EEand I have introduced an 
identical bill in the Senate. If enacted, our bill will be the most significant re-form to government surveillance au-thorities since the USA PATRIOT Act was passed nearly 14 years ago. Our bill will end the NSA’s bulk collection pro-gram under Section 215. It also guaran-tees unprecedented transparency about government surveillance programs, al-lows the FISA Court to appoint an amicus to assist it in significant cases, and strengthens judicial review of the gag orders imposed on recipients of na-tional security letters. 
The USA FREEDOM Act is actually 
a very commonsense bill. That is why Senator L
EEand I were able to join to-
gether on it. He is right—we come from different political philosophies, dif-ferent parts of the country, and obvi-ously we don’t agree on all things, but we agreed on this because it makes common sense and it is something that should bring together Republicans and Democrats. It was crafted with signifi-cant input from privacy and civil lib-erties groups, the intelligence commu-nity, and the technology industry. It has support from Members of Congress and groups from across the political spectrum. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD edi-
torials from the Washington Times, the Washington Post, USA TODAY, and the Los Angeles Times in support of the USA FREEDOM Act. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Times, May 7, 2015] 
BIGBROTHER TAKES A HIT 
THE COURTS GIVE AN ASSIST TO REPEALING  
INTRUSIONS INTO THE PRIVACY OF EVERYONE  
Sen. Mitch McConnell, the Republican ma-
jority leader, has made it clear to his col-leagues that he wants the USA Patriot Act, including the controversial parts of the leg-islation scheduled to expire at the end of June, fully extended. He’s seems ready to do whatever he can to get his way. 
The USA Patriot Act was enacted in the 
days following Sept. 11, when the nation trembled on the verge of panic, with little debate and little opposition in Congress. The Patriot Act has been recognized since on both left and right as unfortunate legislation that granted too much power to the govern-ment to snoop into the lives, calls and emails of everyone in the name of national security. 
Mr. McConnell thought he could force the 
Senate to either let the law lapse, to panic everyone again, or get an extension without modification until the year 2020. Even as Mr. McConnell praised the National Security Agency’s reliance on the act to justify the collection of telephonic ‘‘metadata’’ from millions of Americans, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was writing the decision, released Thursday, declaring the government program, first revealed by Edward Snowden, illegal because the language of the act can-not be read to justify such sweeping govern-ment action. 
The lawsuit was brought by the American 
Civil Liberties Union and joined by groups, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.011 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2775 May 12, 2015 
including the National Rifle Association, and 
welcomed by civil libertarians across the land. To continue the program, the Obama administration would presumably have to persuade Congress to adopt language specifi-cally authorizing the NSA to collect and hold such data. That attempt might be forth-coming. 
The court’s decision gives a boost to the 
advocates for the USA Freedom Act, which would modify the Patriot Act. The Freedom Act is expected to pass in the House and Mr. McConnell’s strategy to kill it in the Senate may not work now, given the appeals court’s decision. 
Sen. Patrick Leahy, the ranking Democrat 
on the Senate Judiciary Committee, read the 97–page opinion and said, ‘‘Congress should take up and pass the bipartisan USA Free-dom Act, which would ban bulk collection under Section 215 and enact other meaning-ful surveillance reforms.’’ 
The opinion of the liberal senator from 
Vermont is shared by the conservative Rep. James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin, an au-thor of the Patriot Act who has since regret-ted its excess. He joined the ACLU lawsuit as ‘‘a friend of the court,’’ and said Thursday that ‘‘it’s time for Congress to pass the USA Freedom Act in order to protect both civil liberties and national security with legally authorized surveillance.’’ 
When the chips are down, blind partisan-
ship, with genuine cooperation, can still be put aside. 
[From the Washington Post, May 10, 2015] 
NEWRULES FOR THE NATIONAL SECURITY  
AGENCY  
For months, Congress has debated the Na-
tional Security Agency’s telephone metadata collection program, without legis-lative result. Now two factors have combined to make that frustrating situation even less sustainable. The legislative authority that first the George W. Bush administration and then the Obama administration cited for the program, Section 215 of the Patriot Act, is expiring on June 1. And, on Thursday, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit ruled that their interpretation of Section 215 was wrong anyway. 
Congress needs to respond, and the sooner 
the better. To be sure, the court’s ruling has no immediate practical impact, since the three-judge panel considered it superfluous to stop the program less than a month before Section 215 expires. The court’s reasoning, though, could, and should, influence the de-bate. Judge Gerard E. Lynch’s opinion noted that the NSA’s mass storage of data, basi-cally just in case it should be needed for a subsequent inquiry, stretched the statute’s permission of information-gathering ‘‘rel-evant to an authorized investigation’’ be-yond ‘‘any accepted understanding of the term.’’ 
Intelligence and law enforcement must be 
able to gather and analyze telephone metadata, but that requirement of national security can, and must, be balanced by ro-bust protections of privacy and civil lib-erties. Under the current system, those pro-tections consist of the NSA’s own internal limitations on access to the database, sub-ject to supervision by the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court (FISC)—which op-erates in secret and considers arguments only from the government. A democratic so-ciety requires more explicit, transparent protections. 
There is, fortunately, a promising reform 
proposal readily available: the USA Freedom bill, which enjoys bipartisan support in both chambers as well as broad endorsement from President Obama—and the affected private industries as well. In a nutshell, it would abandon the bulk collection of the NSA’s 
metadata, and warrantless searches of it, in favor of a system under which telecommuni-cations firms retained the information, sub-ject to specific requests from the govern-ment. Those queries, in turn, would have to be approved by the FISC. Along with the bill’s provisions mandating greater disclo-sure about the FISC’s proceedings, the legis-lation would go a long way toward enhancing public confidence in the NSA’s operations, at only modest cost, if any, to public safety. 
The measure has passed the House Judici-
ary Committee by a vote of 25 to 2. In the Senate, it failed to muster 60 votes last year when Democrats were in the majority, and its prospects appear even dimmer now that the Republicans are in control; their leader, Sen. Mitch McConnell (Ky.) favors reauthor-izing Section 215 as-is. 
Mr. McConnell’s view—that the statute 
does, indeed, authorize bulk metadata collec-tion—was legally tenable, barely, before the 2nd Circuit’s opinion. Now he should revise it. If the Senate renews Section 215 at all, it should only be a short-term extension to buy time for intensive legislating after June 1— with a view toward enacting reform prompt-ly. If the anti-terrorism effort is to be sus-tainable, Congress must give the intelligence agencies, and the public, a fresh, clear and, above all, sustainable set of instructions. 
[From USA Today, May 10, 2015] 
PATRIOT ACTCALLS FOR COMPROMISE IN  
CONGRESS  
PROPOSAL ON NSA AND PHONE RECORDS WOULD  
GO A LONG WAY TOWARD REBALANCING SECU -
RITY AND LIBERTY  
In the years since the USA Patriot Act was 
approved in the frantic days following 9/11, it has become steadily more apparent that the law and the way it was applied were an over-reaction to those horrific events. 
The most flagrant abuse is the govern-
ment’s collection of staggering amounts of phone ‘‘metadata’’ on virtually every Amer-ican. That program—which collects the num-ber you call, when you call and how long you talk—was secret until Edward Snowden’s leaks confirmed it in 2013. 
Last Thursday, a federal appeals court— 
the highest to rule on the issue—found that the program is illegal. You’d think the un-ambiguous ruling from a unanimous three- judge panel would finally force changes to the bulk collection program. 
But that’s not necessarily going to happen, 
even though a compromise has emerged in Congress that would go a long way toward rebalancing security and liberty. 
Under the compromise, the data would re-
main with the phone companies instead of the government. Requests to access the data-base would have to be far more limited, and each would require approval from the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Court. 
The new procedure would eliminate some 
of the phone collection program’s most in-trusive features, while keeping the security it offers at a time when the terrorist group Islamic State brings new threats. The meas-ure has support from Republicans and Demo-crats, liberals and conservatives, and a long list of civil liberties and privacy groups. 
It would also satisfy the court, which 
didn’t dispute Congress’ right to create such a program, just the executive branch’s right to do so without Congress’ assent. 
Yet instead of embracing the compromise, 
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, and others are working to sabotage it. They want the Senate to ensure that the program will continue just as it is after parts of the Patriot Act expire at the end of this month. While the phone program’s benefits are du-
bious, its costs are clear. Several major tech companies have said that privacy intrusions have hurt U.S. companies. Meanwhile, inno-cent Americans suffer an assault to their pri-vacy each day the government collects data on their calls. And if this sort of collection goes on, history demonstrates the govern-ment is likely to abuse it. 
As the appeals court ruling warned, if the 
government’s interpretation were correct in stretching the law to collect phone data, it could use the same interpretation to ‘‘collect and store in bulk any other existing metadata available anywhere,’’ including fi-nancial records, medical records, email and social media. 
Choosing between privacy and security in 
these dangerous times is difficult. But, de-spite what supporters of bulk collection in-sist, lawmakers don’t have to choose. 
A carefully built compromise allows access 
to phone records, but with genuine privacy safeguards. The nation would be no less se-cure. And the civil liberties on which the na-tion was built would be better protected. 
[From the Los Angeles Times, May 6, 2015] 
THEUSA F REEDOM ACT: A S MALLER BIG 
BROTHER  
Last fall, Congress was on the verge of 
doing away with the most troubling invasion of privacy revealed by Edward Snowden: the National Security Agency’s indiscriminate collection of the telephone records of mil-lions of Americans. But then opponents cited the emergence of Islamic State as a reason for preserving the status quo. The Senate failed to muster the 60 votes needed to pro-ceed with the so-called USA Freedom Act. 
But the legislation has staged a comeback. 
Last week the House Judiciary Committee approved a bill of the same name that would end bulk collection—leaving phone records in the possession of telecommunications pro-viders. The government could search tele-phone records only by convincing a court that there was ‘‘reasonable, articulable sus-picion’’ that a specific search term—such as a telephone number—was associated with international terrorism. And rules would be tightened so that investigators couldn’t search records from, say, an entire state, city or ZIP Code. 
Americans were understandably alarmed in 
2013 when Snowden revealed that informa-tion about the sources, destination and dura-tion of their phone calls was being vacuumed up by the NSA and stored by the govern-ment, which could then ‘‘query’’ the data-base without court approval for numbers connected to suspected terrorists. After ini-tially defending the program, President Obama modified it a bit, but he left it to Congress to make the fundamental change of ending bulk collection. 
We had hoped that Congress would take a 
fresh look at whether this program is nec-essary at all, given a presidential task force’s conclusion that it was ‘‘not essential to preventing attacks.’’ But if Congress is determined to continue the program, it must establish safeguards. The bill does this, though there is room for improvement. For example, unlike last year’s Senate bill, this measure doesn’t require the government to destroy information it obtains about individ-uals who aren’t the target of an investiga-tion or suspected agents of a foreign govern-ment or terrorist organization. 
Approval is likely in the House, but pros-
pects in the Senate are more doubtful. Sen-ate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R– Ky.) has said that ending bulk collection of phone records would amount to ‘‘tying our hands behind our backs.’’ 
That was, and is, a specious objection. 
Under this legislation, the government can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.001 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2776 May 12, 2015 
continue to search telephone records when 
there is a reasonable suspicion of a connec-tion to terrorism. But it will no longer be able to warehouse those records, and it will have to satisfy a court that it isn’t on a fish-ing expedition. Those are eminently reason-able restrictions—unless you believe that the war against Islamic State and similar groups means that Americans must sacrifice their right to privacy in perpetuity. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, addition-
ally, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter from the 
major technology industry companies and trade associations in support of the USA FREEDOM Act. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MAY11, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
The Capitol, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND DEMOCRATIC  
LEADER PELOSI : We, the undersigned tech-
nology associations and groups, write to ex-press our strong support for H.R 2048, the USA Freedom Act, as reported by the House Judiciary Committee on April 30th by a vote of 25 to two. 
Public trust in the technology sector is 
critical, and that trust has declined measur-ably among both U.S. citizens and citizens of our foreign allies since the revelations re-garding the U.S. surveillance programs began 2 years ago. As a result of increasing concern about the level of access the U.S. government has to user-generated data held by technology companies, many domestic and foreign users have turned to foreign technology providers while, simultaneously, foreign jurisdictions have implemented reac-tionary policies that threaten the fabric of the borderless internet. 
The USA Freedom Act as introduced in the 
House and Senate on April 28th offers an ef-fective balance that both protects privacy and provides the necessary tools for national security, and we congratulate those who par-ticipated in the bipartisan, bicameral effort that produced the legislative text. Critically, the bill ends the indiscriminate collection of bulk data, avoids data retention mandates, and creates a strong transparency frame-work for both government and private com-panies to report national security requests. 
Meaningful surveillance reform is vital to 
rebuilding the essential element of trust not only in the technology sector but also in the U.S. government. With 21 days remaining until the sunset of certain national security authorities, we urge you to swiftly move to consider and pass the USA Freedom Act without harmful amendments. 
Mr. LEAHY. Some would argue that 
no reforms are needed. Unfortunately, they do not go into the facts, as the Second Circuit did; they invoke fearmongering and dubious claims about the utility of the bulk collection programs to defend the status quo. These are the same arguments we heard last November when we were not even allowed to debate an earlier version of the USA FREEDOM Act be-cause of a filibuster. 
Last week, some Senators came to 
the floor to argue that the NSA’s bulk collection of phone records might have prevented 9/11. Now, this specter is al-ways raised, that it might have pre-vented 9/11 and is vital to national se-curity. We also heard that if we enact the USA FREEDOM Act, that will 
somehow return the intelligence com-munity to a pre-9/11 posture. None of these claims can withstand the light of day. 
I will go back to some of the facts— 
not just hypotheses. Richard Clarke was working in the Bush administra-tion on September 11, 2001. I asked him whether the NSA program would have prevented those attacks. He testified that the government already had the information that could have prevented the attacks, but failed to properly share that information among Federal agencies. Likewise, Senator Bob Gra-ham, who investigated the September 11 attacks as part of the Senate Intel-ligence Committee, also debunked the notion that this bulk collection pro-gram would somehow have prevented the 9/11 attacks. 
The NSA’s bulk collection of phone 
records simply has not been vital to thwarting terrorist attacks. When the NSA was embarrassed by the theft of all of their information and the news about the NSA’s phone metadata pro-gram first broke, they defended the program by saying it had helped thwart 54 terrorist attacks. Well, I con-vened public hearings on this and under public scrutiny, that figure of 54 initially shrunk to: Well, maybe a dozen. We scrutinized that further. They said: Well, maybe it was two. Ev-erybody realized that the government had to tell the truth in these open hearings. And then they said: Maybe it was one. That sole example was not a ‘‘terrorist attack’’ that was thwarted. It was a material support conviction involving $8,000 not a terrorist plot. 
Numerous independent experts also 
have concluded that the NSA’s bulk collection program is not essential to national security. I mention these things, because as soon as you come down and say: We are all going to face another 9/11, we are all going to face ISIS, we are all going to face these ter-rible attacks if we do not have this pro-gram—yet we can show that it has not stopped any attacks. 
The President’s Review Group, which 
included former national security offi-cials, stated: The bulk collection of American’s phone records was not es-sential to preventing attacks, and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conventional Sec-tion 215 orders. 
So we can go with hysteria and over-
statements or we can go with facts. In my State of Vermont, we like facts. We should not be swayed by fearmongering. Congress cannot simply reauthorize the expiring provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act without enact-ing real reforms. 
When the House passes the USA 
FREEDOM Act tomorrow and sends it to the Senate, we should take it up im-mediately, pass that bill. The Amer-ican people are counting on us to take action. They did not elect us to just kick the can down the road or blindly rubber stamp intelligence activities that now have been found by the court 
to be illegal. Congress should pass the USA FREEDOM Act this week. 
I thank my good friend from Utah for 
yielding to me. I totally agree with his position. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to extend the colloquy for a period of an additional 15 minutes to allow a couple of other Members to participate in the colloquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEE. I would like to now hear 
from my friend and colleague, the jun-ior Senator from Nevada, Mr. H
ELLER , 
and hear his thoughts on how people in his State—how people he knows across the country feel about this program and what we ought to do about it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
rise to join this bipartisan group call-ing for support of the USA FREEDOM Act. I want to begin by thanking my friend and colleague from Utah for his hard work and effort on behalf of the American people on this, my friend from Vermont for his actions also, and other Members of this Chamber. 
Together, what we are trying to do is 
bring transparency, accountability, and, most importantly, freedom to the American people—freedom from an un-necessary and what has now been de-clared an illegal invasion of Ameri-can’s privacy. I am talking specifically about section 215 under the PATRIOT Act. Just last week, a Federal appeals court ruled that this National Security Agency program that collects Ameri-cans’ calls—these records are now ille-gal. 
Our national security and protection 
of our freedom as Americans are not mutually exclusive. Allowing the Fed-eral Government to conduct vast do-mestic surveillance operations under section 215 provides the government with too much authority. This court’s ruling only reaffirms that the NSA is out of control. 
Under section 215, the FBI can seek a 
court order directing a business to turn over certain records when they have reasonable grounds to believe the infor-mation asked for is ‘‘relevant to an au-thorized investigation of international terrorism.’’ However, the NSA has wrongly interpreted this to mean that all—all—telephone records are rel-evant. 
So they are collecting and storing 
large amounts of data in an attempt to find a small amount of information that might be relevant. If we reauthor-ize these laws without significant re-forms, we are allowing millions of law- abiding U.S. citizens’ call records to be held by the Federal Government. I see this as nothing but an egregious intru-sion of Americans’ privacy. 
So what does the NSA know? They 
know someone from my State in Elko, NV, got a call from the NRA and then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.004 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2777 May 12, 2015 
called their Senator. So what does the 
NSA know? They know someone from Las Vegas called the suicide hotline for 20 minutes and then called a hospital right after. So what does the NSA know? They know you called your church or received a phone call from political action committees. 
So does the previous administration, 
does this administration or perhaps the next administration care about your party affiliation? Do they care about your religious beliefs? Do they care about your health concerns? How about your activities in nonprofit tax-exempt entities? Maybe not today, as the Sen-ator from Utah said, but what about 5 years from now, what about 10 years from now and even 15 years from now? 
That is why I have been working with 
my colleagues since the last Congress to pass the USA FREEDOM Act, and I am proud to join as an original cospon-sor of this bill in this new Congress. Those reforms are not just a pipeline dream that will die in the Senate. This is a substantive bill that carefully bal-ances the privacy rights of Americans and the needs of the intelligence com-munity as they work to keep us safe. 
That is why the House Judiciary 
Committee has passed this bill on a bi-partisan basis and the full House of Representatives is expected to pass it later this week. Let me be clear. We are not here to strip the intelligence community of the tools needed to fight terrorism. To my colleagues who feel that the USA FREEDOM Act will do this, I would ask them to read this let-ter from our intelligence community. 
In my hand, I have a letter signed by 
the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence that was sent to Senator L
EAHY last year. I would 
like to read a portion of this. ‘‘The in-telligence community believes that your bill preserves essential intel-ligence community capabilities; and the Department of Justice and the Of-fice of the Director of National Intel-ligence support your bill and believe that it is a reasonable compromise that enhances privacy and civil liberties and increases transparency.’’ 
We are not here to harm the oper-
ational capabilities of the intelligence community who safeguard us every day. What we are here to do is provide the American people the certainty that the Federal Government is working without violating their constitutional rights. That is why I have also consist-ently opposed and voted against the PATRIOT Act during my time in Con-gress. 
I will do everything I can to end the 
PATRIOT Act, but if I cannot do that, I will work to gut the PATRIOT Act of the most egregious sections that in-fringe upon American citizens’ privacy and their civil liberties. That is what the reforms of the USA FREEDOM Act begin to achieve. This legislation, among other things, will rein in the dragnet collection of data by the Na-tional Security Agency. It will stop the bulk collection of American commu-nication records by ending the specific 
authorization under section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. 
We are reaching a critical deadline as 
several Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act provisions expire at the end of May. I want to be clear that I expect reforms to our surveillance programs, and I will not consent to a straight re-authorization of the illegal activities that occur under section 215 of the PA-TRIOT Act. 
It is time for our Nation to right this 
wrong, make significant changes nec-essary to restore America’s faith in the Federal Government, and restore the civil liberties that make our Nation worth protecting. I want to again thank the Senator from Utah and my colleague from the State of Vermont for their hard work and effort on behalf of all Americans in protecting their privacies and their civil liberties. I will turn my time back over to the Senator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, we would 
like to hear next from my friend and colleague, the junior Senator from Montana, on this issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I want 
to thank the Senator from Utah, my good friend, for his leadership on the USA FREEDOM Act. I recently re-turned from an official trip to the Mid-dle East with leader M
CCONNELL and 
several of my fellow first-term Sen-ators. We met with leaders in Israel, Jordan, Iraq, Kuwait, and Afghanistan to discuss the political and security issues facing Middle Eastern nations. 
We also met with a number of Amer-
ican servicemembers who are bravely securing our country in these crisis- stricken regions and working every day to keep our Nation safe from the ex-treme forces that wish to destroy us. These meetings painted a very clear picture; that terror imposed by ex-treme forces such as ISIS and the threats facing our allies in the Middle East are real and they are growing every single day. 
But the growing presence of ISIS in 
the Middle East is not just affecting the long-term security of nations such as Iraq and Syria, it is no longer a risk isolated geographically to the Middle East. 
These extreme Islamic forces are 
working every day to harm the Amer-ican people within our borders and on our soil. It is critical our law enforce-ment officials and our intelligence agencies have the tools they need to find terrorists in the United States and abroad, identify potential terror at-tacks, and eradicate these risks. ISIS is not just working to inflict physical damage upon our country and our peo-ple, this extreme group and other like- minded terrorists are intent on de-stroying our very way of life, our Na-tion’s foundation of freedom and jus-tice for all. 
But as we strengthen our intelligence 
capabilities, we must, with equal vigor and determination, protect our Con-
stitution, our civil liberties, the very foundation of this country. If the forces of evil successfully propel lead-ers in Washington to erode our core constitutional values, we will grant these terrorists a satisfying victory. We must never allow this. We must up-hold the Constitution. We must work to protect the balance between pro-tecting our Nation’s security while also maintaining our civil liberties and our constitutional rights. 
That is why I, similar to so many 
Montanans, am deeply concerned about the NSA’s bulk metadata collection program and its impact on our con-stitutional rights. This program allows the NSA to have uninhibited access to America’s phone records. I firmly be-lieve this is a violation of America’s constitutional rights and it must come to an end. Montanans have also long been concerned that the NSA has over-reached its legal authority when imple-menting its bulk data collection pro-gram. 
The recent ruling from the New 
York-based Second Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals confirmed it. The court ruled unanimously that section 215 of the PATRIOT Act does not authorize the NSA’s bulk collection of Ameri-cans’ phone metadata, but this is not the first time the legality of NSA’s bulk data practices have been ques-tioned. 
A 2015 report from the Privacy and 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board, which is a nonpartisan, independent privacy board, found that section 215 does not provide authority for the NSA’s collec-tion program. The report raised serious concerns that the NSA’s program vio-lated the rights guaranteed under the First and Fourth Amendments. The re-port states: 
Under the section 215 bulk records pro-
gram, the NSA acquires a massive number of calling records from telephone companies every day, potentially including the records of every call made across the Nation. Yet Section 215 does not authorize the NSA to acquire anything at all. 
The report concludes: 
The program lacks a viable legal founda-
tion under section 215. It implicates Con-stitutional concerns of the first and fourth amendments, raises serious threats to pri-vacy and civil liberties as a policy matter, and has shown only limited value. For these reasons the government should end the pro-gram. 
I strongly agree. In addition, the 
independent Commission found that the bulk collection program contrib-uted only minimal value in combatting terrorism beyond what the government already achieves through other alter-native means. So claims that this pro-gram provides unique value to our se-curity were not validated, and, in fact, were refused by the Commission. 
As Montana’s Senator, I took an oath 
to protect and defend the Constitution. It is a responsibility and a promise I take very seriously. That is why I have joined Senators L
EE, LEAHY , and others 
to introduce the USA FREEDOM Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.015 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2778 May 12, 2015 
of 2015. This bipartisan legislation will 
end the NSA’s bulk data collection pro-gram, while also implementing greater oversight, transparency, and account-ability in the government’s surveil-lance activities. 
The USA FREEDOM Act strikes the 
right balance between protecting our security and protecting our privacy. It still allows necessary access to infor-mation specific to an investigation, with an appropriate court order, and provides the flexibility to be able to move quickly in response to emer-gencies, but it stops the indiscriminate government collection of data on inno-cent Americans once and for all. 
I have long fought to defend Mon-
tanans’ civil liberties, protecting pri-vacy and constitutional rights from Big Government overreach. After spending 12 years in the technology sector, I know firsthand the power that data holds and the threats to American civil liberties that come with mass col-lection. 
As Montana’s loan representative in 
the U.S. House, I cosponsored the origi-nal USA FREEDOM ACT that would have ended the NSA’s abuses and over-reach. I also supported efforts led by Congressman J
USTIN AMASH to amend 
the 2014 Defense appropriations bill and end the NSA’s blanket collection of Americans’ telephone records. 
We made significant ground last year 
in raising awareness of this overreach, but the fight to protect America’s civil liberties and constitutional freedoms is far from over. That is why I am proud to stand today as a cosponsor of the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 and a strong advocate and defender of Amer-ica’s right to privacy. As risks facing our homeland and our interests over-seas remain ever present, it is critical that our law enforcement has the tools they need to protect our national secu-rity from extremists who would de-stroy our Nation and our very way of life. 
The USA FREEDOM Act provides 
these tools, but we must also remain vigilant to ensure that American civil liberties aren’t needlessly abandoned in the process. We need to protect and defend the homeland. We need to pro-tect and defend the Constitution. 
I stand today with the full confidence 
that the USA FREEDOM Act achieves both, and I urge the Senate to pass it. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent to extend the colloquy by an additional 5 minutes so we can hear from my friend and colleague, the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from Utah, my friend and very distinguished col-league, as well as our friend from the State of Vermont for their leadership this morning and throughout the draft-
ing and formulating of this very well- balanced compromise—a balance be-tween security, which we must be able to preserve and defend, and our privacy and other essential constitutional rights, which we need to protect just as zealously, because the reason for fight-ing to preserve our security is so we maintain and preserve our great con-stitutional rights. 
That balance can be struck. It is fea-
sible, achievable, and this measure of the USA FREEDOM Act is a strong step in the right direction. 
I wish to talk today about one of its 
great virtues, which is an American virtue, the virtue of due process having an effective adversarial process, one that is transparent and provides for ef-fective appellate view. The lack of an adversarial process, as well as trans-parency and effective appellate review, is one of the reasons the USA FREE-DOM Act is absolutely necessary. 
We know bulk collection of megadata 
is unnecessary. The President’s own re-view group made that fact clear. We also know bulk metadata collection is, essentially, un-American. This country was founded by people who, rightly, ab-horred the so-called general warrant that permitted the King’s officials to rummage through their homes and doc-uments. No general warrant in our his-tory has swept up as much information about innocent Americans as orders al-lowing bulk collection. 
Last week, the Second Circuit Court 
of Appeals told us something more; that we now know bulk collection is unauthorized. It is illegal. It is unau-thorized by statute and has been so for the last 9 years that the government has collected bulk data of this kind. 
The question is, How did it happen? 
How did we arrive at a point where the Government of the United States has been collecting data illegally for 9 years? We know that in May of 2006, the FISA Court—the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Court—first was asked whether the Federal Government could collect the phone records of po-tentially every single American, and it said yes. 
It failed the most crucial test of any 
court, which is to uphold our liberties against any legal onslaught. It got it wrong because the government’s argu-ment hinged on a single word, the word ‘‘relevance.’’ The court ruled that rel-evance means all information. In other words, the court had to decide whether relevant information means all infor-mation, and it said yes. 
That judgment was just plain wrong, 
and it did not strike the Second Circuit as a difficult question. It doesn’t strike us—now in retrospect—as a difficult question. The Second Circuit held that the Federal Government’s interpreta-tion is ‘‘unprecedented and unwar-ranted.’’ Never before, in the history of 
the Nation, has this kind of bizarre overreaching been successfully enter-tained. 
Now, the court—the Foreign Intel-
ligence Surveillance Court—didn’t even issue an opinion. There was no way for 
anyone to know that this bulk metadata collection had been author-ized because the court never told any-one, never explained itself. One can hope the Court knew what it was thinking at the time, but we don’t know what it was thinking. 
Now, I don’t mean any disrespect to 
the FISA Court, which is composed of judges who have been confirmed by this body, article 3 judges who serve be-cause they have been appointed by the Chief Justice of the United States. 
The reason the court got this issue so 
fundamentally wrong, I think, is be-cause it heard only one side of the ar-gument. It heard only the govern-ment’s side. It heard only the advo-cates seeking to collect in this sweep-ing way that was contrary to statute and, in my view, also contrary to fun-damental rights and principles. 
The USA FREEDOM Act corrects 
that systemic problem. It not only en-ables, but it requires the court to hear both sides. 
We know from our life’s experience 
that people make better decisions when they hear both sides of an argument. Judges on the courts know they want to hear both sides of the argument be-fore they make a decision. Often they will appoint someone to make the other side of the argument, if there isn’t anyone to do so effectively. They want effective representation in the courtroom. 
That is why I have advocated from 
the very start and proposed—and the President affirmed—that there needs to be advocacy for our constitutional rights before the court. The other side of the government’s argument needs to be represented. 
We need a FISA Court we can trust 
to get it right because this proposal for an adversarial proceeding in no way contemplates an abridgement of se-crecy or unnecessary delay. Warrants could proceed without delay. They could proceed without violation of con-fidentiality and secrecy, but the sys-temic problem would be fixed so the FISA Court would hear from both sides. 
This act also is important because it 
would bring more transparency to FISA Court decisions, requiring opin-ions to be released, unless there is good reason not to do so. It would require some form of effective appellate review so mistakes could be corrected. 
These kinds of changes in the law 
are, in fact, basic due process. They are the rule of law throughout the United States in article 3 courts, and these changes will make the FISA Court look like the courts Americans are accus-tomed to seeing in their everyday expe-rience. When they walk into a court-room in any town in the State of Con-necticut or the State of Utah or the State of Montana, what they are accus-tomed to seeing is two sides arguing before a judge, and that is what the FISA Court would look like—rather than one side making one argument, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.015 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2779 May 12, 2015 
whether it is for bulk collection of 
metadata or any other intrusion on civil rights and civil liberties, there would be an advocate on the other side to make the case that it is over-reaching, that it is unnecessary, that it is unauthorized. In fact, that is what the Second Circuit said the govern-ment was doing by this incredibly over-extended overreach in bulk collection of metadata. 
Unless and until this essential reform 
is enacted, along with other critical re-forms that are contained in the USA FREEDOM Act, I will oppose reauthor-ization of section 215, and I urge my colleagues to do so as well. 
I thank my colleagues from Utah and 
Vermont for their leadership and all who have joined in this morning’s dis-cussion. The colloquy today, I think, illustrates some important points of why the USA FREEDOM Act is impor-tant at this point in our Nation’s his-tory. 
I yield the floor. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I appreciate 
the patience of Senator H
ATCH and his 
willingness to wait while we finished this exercise. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, later 
today, the Senate will vote on whether to begin debate on the future of the U.S. trade policy. It is a debate that has been a long time coming. In fact, we haven’t had a real trade debate in this Chamber since at least 2002. That was 13 years ago. 
Think about that. Let’s keep in mind 
that 95 percent of the world’s con-sumers live outside of the United States and that if we want our farmers, our ranchers, manufacturers, and en-trepreneurs to be able to compete in the world marketplace, we need to be actively working to break down bar-riers for American exports. This is how we can grow our economy and create good, high-paying jobs for American workers. 
While the chatter in the media and 
behind the scenes surrounding today’s vote has been nearly deafening, no one should make today’s vote more than it is. It is, once again, quite simply, a vote to begin debate on these impor-tant issues. 
Now, I know some around here are 
unwilling to even consider having a de-bate if they can’t dictate the terms in advance, but that is not how the Sen-ate works and, thankfully, that is not the path we are going to take. 
I have been in Congress for a long 
time, so I think I can speak with some authority about how this Chamber is— under normal conditions and regular order—supposed to operate. Of course, before this year, it had been a while be-fore this body had worked the way it was supposed to. Hopefully, today’s vote can serve as a reminder, and we can go to regular order on these bills 
and do it in a way that brings dignity to this Chamber again. 
Once again, today’s vote will decide 
only whether we will begin a debate on trade policy. It will not in any way de-cide the outcome of that debate. In-deed, the question for today is not how this debate will proceed but whether it will proceed at all. 
Right now, everyone’s focus seems to 
be on whether we will renew trade pro-motion authority—or TPA—and that will, of course, be part of the trade de-bate. TPA is a vital element of U.S. trade policy. Indeed, it is the best way to ensure that Congress sets the objec-tives for our trade negotiators and pro-vides assurances to our trading part-ners that if a trade agreement is signed, the United States can deliver on the deal. 
As you know, the Finance Committee 
reported a strong bipartisan TPA bill on April 22. The committee vote was 20 to 6 in favor of the bill. It was a bipar-tisan vote. That was a historic day. Be-fore that day, the last time the Fi-nance Committee reported a TPA bill was in 1988, almost three decades ago. 
But that is not all we did on that 
day. In addition to our TPA bill, we re-ported a bill to reauthorize trade ad-justment assistance, or TAA, a bill to reauthorize expired trade preference programs, and a customs and trade en-forcement bill. 
These are all important bills—each 
one of them. They all have bipartisan support. I was a principal author of three of these four bills, and I don’t in-tend to see any of them left by the wayside. However, that looks like it is becoming increasingly what might really happen here if we don’t get to-gether. 
Everyone here knows that I am anx-
ious to get TPA across the finish line. And though it pains me a little to say it, TAA is part of that effort. We know our colleagues on the left have to have that. While I oppose TAA, I have recog-nized—and I have from the beginning— that the program is important to many of my colleagues, some of whom are on this side of the aisle as well, and it is a necessary component to win their support for TPA. 
On a number of occasions, including 
at the Finance Committee markup, I have committed to helping make sure that TPA and TAA move on parallel tracks, and I intend to honor that com-mitment. Toward that end, if we get cloture on the motion to proceed later today, I plan to combine TPA and TAA into basically a single package that can be split by the House, and move them as a substitute amendment to the trade vehicle. And, I have to say, Con-gressman R
YAN, the chairman of the 
Ways and Means Committee, under-stands that TAA has to pass over there as well. 
In other words, no one should be con-
cerned about a path forward for TPA and TAA. That was the big debate throughout the whole procedural proc-ess. And even though it raises concerns 
for a number of Republicans, including myself, these two bills will move to-gether. 
The question ultimately becomes 
this: What about the preferences and customs bills? There are two other bills here. I have committed in the past to work on getting all four of these bills across the finish line or at least to a vote on the floor, and I will reaffirm that commitment here on the floor today. I will work in good faith with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both the House and Senate to get this done. 
Regarding preferences, the House and 
Senate have introduced very similar bills, and, in the past, these preference programs—programs such as the Afri-can Growth and Opportunity Act and the generalized system of preferences— have enjoyed broad bipartisan support. My guess is that support will continue and that there is a path forward on moving that legislation in short order. 
Admittedly, the customs bill is a bit 
more complicated. However, I am a principal author of most of the provi-sions in the customs bill. Indeed, many of my own enforcement positions and priorities are in that bill. Put simply, I have a vested interest in seeing the customs bill become law, and I will do all I can to make sure that happens. I will work with Senator W
YDEN and the 
rest of my colleagues to find a path for-ward on these bills. I don’t want any of them to be left behind. 
But we all know that the customs 
bill has language in there that cannot be passed in the House. I don’t know what to do about that. All I can say is that we can provide a vote here in this body, and who knows what that vote will be. I am quite certain that if we are allowed to proceed today, these bills—not to mention any others—will be offered as amendments. But in the end, we can’t do any of that—we can’t pass a single one of these bills—if we don’t even begin the trade debate. 
If Senators are concerned about the 
substance of the legislation we are de-bating, the best way to address these problems is to come to the floor, offer some amendments, and take some votes. That is how the Senate is sup-posed to operate, and we are prepared to operate it that way. 
I might add, though, we have to get 
the bill up. And if there is a cloture vote and cloture fails, Katy bar the door. 
I know there are some deeply held 
convictions on all sides of these issues and that not everyone in the Senate agrees with me. That is all the more reason to let this debate move forward and let’s see where it goes. Let’s talk about our positions. Let’s make all of our voices heard. I am ready and will-ing to defend my support for free trade and TPA here on the Senate floor. I will happily stand here and make the case for open markets and expanded ac-cess for U.S. exporters and refute any arguments made to the contrary. And I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.017 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2780 May 12, 2015 
am quite certain there are a number of 
my colleagues who would relish the op-portunity to tell me why they think I am wrong. They should have that right. None of that happens if people vote today to prevent the debate from even taking place. 
We need to keep in mind that we are 
talking about bipartisan legislation here. All of these bills are supported by Senators on both sides of the aisle. This isn’t some partisan gambit to force a Republican bill through the Senate. And, of course, let’s not forget that, with TPA, we are talking about President Obama’s top legislative pri-ority and one of the most important bills in this President’s service as President of the United States of America. 
This is a debate we need to have. I 
am prepared to have it. The American people deserve to see us talk about these issues on the floor instead of hid-ing behind procedural excuses. 
I urge all of my colleagues, regard-
less of where they stand substantively on these issues, to vote to begin this important and, hopefully, historic de-bate on U.S. trade policy. 
Let me say, I am basically shocked 
that after all we have done—the large vote in the committee, the importance of these two bills in particular but all four of them, and the importance of trade promotion authority and trade adjustment assistance to the Presi-dent—that we now have a bunch of pro-cedural mechanisms that could make this all impossible. It is hard for me to believe that this could take place. We had an agreement—the two sides—and I am concerned about that agreement being broken at this late date, when we were so happy to get these bills out of the committee and get them the oppor-tunity of being on the floor. 
I have to say, as a Republican and as 
a conservative, I have been willing to carry the water for the President on this because he is absolutely right that TPA and TAA should pass, especially TPA. On TAA, I have questions on it and I wish we didn’t have to pass it, but I have agreed to see that it is on the Senate floor as part of passing TPA. 
The bill deserves to pass. However, 
we know that the President does not like the language that was put into the customs bill and neither do I, at this point, because I think it could foul up the whole process, the way I am hear-ing from the other side. We understood we were going to have votes on TPA and TAA, without getting into the cur-rency problem that will still be alive on the customs bill. I am very con-cerned about this because we have come this far, and we should follow through and get this done. The Presi-dent will be better off, the country will be better off, and all of us will be bet-ter off. And we can walk away from this, I believe, in the end feeling that we have done the right thing. This is the best thing that could be done for our country. We have to be part of the free-trade movement in this country 
and in this world. There are 400 trade agreements out there. We have only agreed to 20 of them. 
These trade agreements generally 
bring jobs that are much better paid than other jobs in our society, between 13 and 18 percent more. For the life of me, I will never understand why the unions are so opposed to it and, thus, so many Democrats are opposed to it. I can’t understand it, because this will create jobs, and generally the better jobs—the jobs that unions can then fight to unionize if they want to, which they have a right to do under our laws. Yet every time these matters come up, they are a principal impediment to get-ting free-trade agreements passed. 
Look, I think Ambassador Froman 
has done a very good job up to now, but his hands are tied. If we don’t pass TPA, he is going to have a very dif-ficult time, ever, bringing about the TPP, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TTIP, which is 28 European countries plus ours. TPP is 11 countries plus ours, mainly in Asia—not the least of which is Japan, which our Trade Rep-resentative believes he can get to sign a trade agreement with us. I believe he can. But I don’t believe he can do it without TPA. We have already been told by the Ambassador from New Zea-land that they are not going to sign without TPA. 
So to hamper the passage of TPA be-
cause of some desire to do otherwise is not only a mistake, but it flies in the face of the support this President needs and should have on this particular bill. 
Now, I understand there are folks on 
the other side who just aren’t for free trade and they are not for trade bills. And they have a right to feel that way. I don’t have a problem with that. What I have a problem with is making it im-possible to pass these bills and get them through the Senate, which is the path we are on right now. If the votes are against cloture, I suspect our path to getting this done—to improving our trade throughout the world, to allow-ing us to compete worldwide the way we should—is going to be severely ham-
pered, if not completely hurt. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). The Senator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how 
much time is remaining on the Demo-cratic side? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democrat side has 12
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, most 
people who are following this debate may be a little bit put off by some of the initials that we use around here— TPP, TPA, TAA. What is it all about? 
It is about a trade agreement. It in-
volves a dozen countries, including the United States. Most of them are in Asia. We are preparing to discuss and debate it, and that trade agreement is known as the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, or TPP. I think that is what that stands for. I will correct the record if I am wrong on that. But before we get to the trade agree-
ment, we have to decide how we are going to consider it, and that is known as TPA, trade promotion authority, or fast track. The question is whether the Senate will agree that we cannot amend the trade agreement—no amendments—and that it is a simple majority vote. That is what is known as fast track. Virtually every President in modern time has had that authority. It has expired, and now it has to be re-created by a vote on the floor. 
What we are anticipating this after-
noon is whether we go to the argu-ments about these various issues, and the uncertainty is what leads my friend from Utah, Senator H
ATCH , to 
come to the floor. 
The uncertainty from our side is this: 
How are we going to consider this? Four bills came out of the Finance Committee related to trade. How are they going to be brought to the floor? Are they going to be part of one pack-age? Are they separate votes? Which one will come out of the Senate? Will more than one come out of the Senate? These are unanswered questions, and because these questions are unan-swered, the vote at 2:30 or so is in doubt. 
Senator H
ATCH is upset. He believed 
that there was an agreement. I wasn’t a party to it. I don’t know. But this much I do know: Trade is a controver-sial issue. It is important to America’s economy. But when you take it home and meet with the people you rep-resent, there are strong mixed feelings about trade. 
Some who work for the Caterpillar 
tractor company in Illinois want to promote trade, sell more of those big yellow tractors, and put more Ameri-cans to work to build them. 
But many look at trade and say: I 
could be a casualty. I could be a vic-tim. They could ship my job overseas, Senator. So what are you going to do to make sure I am protected in this? 
That is why trade isn’t an easy issue. 
It is a controversial issue. 
TAA, which Senator H
ATCH referred 
to, is trade adjustment assistance. What it says is that if you lost your job because of a trade agreement, we will help pay for your training for a new job. Senator H
ATCH said he opposed 
that. I fully support it. 
I just visited a high school in 
downstate Illinois. There was a man there teaching high school students— good, gifted high school students—how to repair computers. I said: How did you get into this business? He said: It is a funny thing. I lost my job in a fac-tory years ago because of a trade agreement. But because of trade ad-justment assistance, I was able to go back to college, got a degree, and now I am a teacher. 
Do I support trade adjustment assist-
ance? You bet I do—for that teacher and for many others who want to tran-sition into a new job if they lose their job because of trade. So including trade adjustment assistance in any part of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.018 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2781 May 12, 2015 
trade agreement is important to many 
of us. We want to make sure it is in-cluded on the floor of the Senate. 
Equally so, we want to make sure 
that trade agreements are enforceable. It wasn’t that long ago that we had thriving steel production companies in America that were victimized by many foreign countries that started dumping steel in the United States. 
What does it mean to dump steel? 
These countries—Brazil, Japan, and Russia—were selling steel in the United States at prices lower than the cost of production. Why? They knew they could run the Americans out of business—and they did. By the time we filed an unfair trade grievance, went through the hearings and won our case, the American companies disappeared. Enforcement is an important part of any conversation about trade. We want to know from Senator H
ATCH and the 
Republicans who bring this to the floor, if we are going to enforce the trade agreements so Americans are treated fairly. 
I think that is a pretty legitimate 
question. Until it is answered, there is uncertainty. Maybe the vote at 2:30 will reflect it. I hope we can get an an-swer before 2:30, but if not, then soon after, on how Senator M
CCONNELL  
wants to bring this issue to the floor. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, May 31— 
today is May 12. On May 31, the Federal highway trust fund authorization ex-pires. What it means is at that point in time, the Federal Government will stop sending Federal dollars back to our States to build highways and bridges and support buses and mass transit— May 31. 
What are we going to do about it? We 
have 19 days to do something about it. Sadly, we know what we are going to do about it. The Republicans who con-trol the House and the Senate have failed to come up with any means of extending the highway trust fund. What they are going to do probably is ask us for a short-term extension—1 month, 2 months. 
The reason we think this will happen 
is that in the past 6 years, there have been 32 extensions of the highway trust fund. We used to pass highway trust fund bills to last 6 years, for obvious reasons. You cannot build highways a month at a time. You have to know you have money that is going to be there for years to build a highway, to repair a bridge, to make certain you have new mass transit modernization. But the Republicans have been unable to reauthorize the highway trust fund for any period of time. They want to extend it 30 days at a time, 60 days at a time. 
There are some realities that we need 
to accept. We cannot patch our way to prosperity in America. You cannot fill enough potholes to build a highway. If we are going to accept our responsi-bility to be a great nation and a great leader in the world economy, we need 
an infrastructure to support it. 
The Republican failure to extend the 
highway trust fund for 5 or 6 years, sadly, is going to cost us jobs in Amer-ica—not just good-paying construction jobs but jobs in businesses that count on infrastructure. I have them all over Illinois. There are thousands of work-ers in Illinois who depend on them. But because the Republicans have failed to come up with an extension of the high-way trust fund, we are going to limp along here and, sadly, not meet our na-tional obligation to create an infra-structure to support our economy. 
I am hoping that cooler heads will 
prevail and leadership will prevail, and that the Republican leadership in the House and the Senate—they are in the majority in both Chambers—will step forward with a plan to create a high-way trust fund for 6 years. The Presi-dent has; he put it on the table. Repub-licans rejected it. They have no alter-native—none. 
Let’s get down to business. Let’s put 
America back to work. Let’s create the infrastructure we need to build our economy. 
Mr. President, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democrats have 5 minutes remaining. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want 
to make a statement on Syria and hu-manitarian concerns in Syria, but it will take longer than that. I know my colleague from Vermont is here, and I would like to yield the remaining 5 minutes. 
Mr. SANDERS. Let me say this, if I 
might. If I can get unanimous consent to speak after Senator T
HUNE , that 
would be fine, and I would yield back to the Senator. 
How is that? Mr. DURBIN. If the Senator wants to 
make that unanimous consent re-quest—— 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for up to 15 minutes after Sen-ator T
HUNE speaks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
CRUZ). Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I believe 
the previous Presiding Officer sug-gested I had 5 minutes remaining of Democratic time at this point. 
f 
HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN SYRIA 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to say, very briefly, a word about the situation in Syria. On May 13, 1994, a Senator from Illinois named Paul Simon was then chairman of the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa. His ranking Republican was Senator Jim Jeffords of Vermont. Sen-ators Jim Jeffords and Paul Simon had been told that there was a looming genocide about to occur in Rwanda. They went on the phone together and spoke to U.N. General Romeo Dallaire in Kigali, Rwanda, in May of 1994. They asked: What can we do to stop the kill-
ing in Rwanda? General Dallaire said: If you would send 5,000 uniformed troops, I could stop this genocide. 
Senators Simon and Jeffords wrote 
to the Clinton White House imme-diately at that time and asked for the administration to call on the United Nations to act. 
Their letter said in part: ‘‘Obviously 
there are risks involved but we cannot continue to sit idly by while this trag-edy continues to unfold.’’ 
The Senators received no reply from 
the White House. In less than 8 weeks, 800,000 Rwandans were massacred. Today, President William Clinton ac-knowledges that he should have done more—we should have done more. What happened in Rwanda was a classic genocide. Today, what is happening in Syria may not meet the classic defini-tion of a genocide, but it certainly meets every standard and every defini-tion as the looming humanitarian cri-sis of our time. The question before us and the United States is this: What will we do? 
I think it has reached the point 
where we must act. That is why I have joined three of my colleagues—fellow Democrat T
IMKAINE of Virginia and 
Republicans L INDSEY GRAHAM of South 
Carolina and J OHNMCCAINof Arizona— 
and we have written to President Obama, urging him to call together world leaders and to establish a hu-manitarian zone—a safe zone, a no-fly zone—in Syria, where modern medical treatment can be provided and dis-placed persons can escape. We think it should be done under the auspices—I do—of the United Nations and that the United States can join other countries in providing a defensive security force. 
We need to turn to our NATO allies, 
such as Turkey. We need to reach out to Saudi Arabia, even Iran, and try to find an international consensus to spare the suffering and death which has been occurring now for years. We do not know the exact number of casual-ties. We estimate that some 400,000 may have died in Syria. Millions have been displaced. 
This is a picture of just one of the 
refugee camps to which the people of Syria have fled. I have visited camps such as this in Turkey. They are in Lebanon and Jordan. They cannot ac-commodate all of the people who are evacuating that country. 
Once every few months a friend of 
mine comes to visit in Chicago. He is an extraordinary man. His name is Dr. Sahloul. He heads up a group of Syrian Americans who travel to Syria on a regular basis. They have to sneak into the country—this war-torn country. As doctors, they are providing basic med-ical care to the victims of the violence that is taking place in Syria. 
Dr. Sahloul brings heartbreaking 
photographs to show me. The last pho-tographs were of children who had been victims of barrel bombs, which Bashar al-Assad, the leader of Syria, drops on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2782 May 12, 2015 
his own people. These are literally gar-
bage cans filled with munitions and ex-
plosives that explode, killing civilian populations. The photos showed chil-dren who had been maimed, lost their limbs, and some had been killed by these barrel bombs that continue. Now Assad has decided to up the ante. He is including chlorine gas in the barrel bombs as well. 
These doctors try to save these chil-
dren and save these victims. Many times they are operating on tables in abandoned schools. They are begging for medicines, which are at a high pre-mium. Many times they are not suc-cessful. What will we do? What can the United States do? 
I hope that we can be part of an ef-
fort—an international effort—to pro-vide safe zones for medical treatment and for the displaced persons in Syria. I hope to join with others on a bipar-tisan basis in urging that alternative. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, later 
today the Senate will vote on whether to proceed to a bill that was reported out of the Senate Finance Committee, on which I serve, the trade promotion authority legislation. What is so re-markable about this is that we are on the cusp here in the Senate of passing a major piece of legislation—bipartisan legislation on which a Republican ma-jority in the Senate is working with a Democratic President to give him trade promotion authority—something that would be very good for our econ-omy. If the Democrats in the Senate do not blow it, this could be a major hall-mark achievement of this Congress. But my understanding is there is an ef-fort on the other side now to prevent us from even getting on the bill to debate it. I hope that as Democrats con-template that move, they will think long and hard about what they will be doing. Not only will they be under-mining their own President, who is very much for this, but they will be hurting the American economy. Al-most every President, literally back to FDR, has had trade promotion author-ity in which he has the ability to nego-tiate trade agreements with our trad-ing partners in a way that Congress ul-timately has to approve but in a way that expedites and gives the maximum amount of leverage to get the best trade agreement possible. 
We are taking up that legislation, 
hopefully, later today. But it is all going to depend on Senate Democrats and whether they want to proceed to this bill or not. I certainly hope, as I said, that they will come to the conclu-sion that it is in the best interests of our country, of our economy, and cer-tainly, I think, in the best interests of creating a bipartisan achievement here in which they are working with their own President and with Republicans here in the Senate. With 96 percent of the world’s con-
sumers outside the borders of the United States, trade is essential to growing our economy and opening new 
markets for products marked ‘‘Made in the USA.’’ 
Over the past few years, exports have 
been a bright spot in our economy, sup-porting an increasing number of Amer-ican jobs each and every year. In fact, in 2014 exports supported 11.7 million U.S. jobs and made up 13 percent of our Nation’s economy. 
In my home State of South Dakota 
alone, exports support more than 15,000 jobs in industries that range from farming and ranching to machinery and electronics. We need to continue to open markets around the globe to American goods and services. The best way to do that is through new trade agreements. Countries with which we have free and fair trade agreements purchase substantially more from us than other countries. 
In fact, in 2013, free-trade agreement 
countries purchased 12 times more goods and services per capita from the United States than non-free-trade agreement countries. Let me restate that. In 2013, those countries with which we have a free-trade agreement purchased 12 times more goods per cap-ita from the United States than those countries with which we do not have a free-trade agreement. 
It is not just American farmers, 
ranchers, and manufacturers who ben-efit from trade agreements. American consumers benefit as well. Trade agree-ments give American families access to a greater variety of goods at lower prices. 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce esti-
mates that trade increases American families’ purchasing power by $10,000 annually. For American workers, in-creased trade means more opportunity and increased access to high-paying jobs. Manufacturing jobs tied to ex-ports pay on average 13 to 18 percent more than wages in other areas of our economy. 
Unfortunately, while trade agree-
ments were proliferated around the globe over the past several years, the United States has not signed a new trade agreement in 5 years. Altogether, the United States has just 14 trade agreements currently in effect. That is a lot of lost opportunity for American workers and businesses, since trade agreements have proved to be the best way to increase demand for American products and services. 
A big reason for the lack of trade 
agreements in recent years is the fact that trade promotion authority expired in 2007. As I said earlier, since 1934— you have to go back to the administra-tion of FDR—almost all of the United States’ free-trade agreements have been negotiated using trade promotion authority or a similar streamlined process. Trade promotion authority is designed to put the United States in the strongest possible position when it comes to negotiating trade agree-ments. Under TPA, Congress sets guidelines 
for trade negotiations and outlines the priorities the administration has to follow. In return, Congress promises a simple up-or-down vote on the result-ing trade agreement, instead of a long amendment process that could leave the final deal looking nothing like what was negotiated. That simple up- or-down vote is the key. It lets our ne-gotiating partners know that Congress and trade negotiators are on the same page, which gives other countries the confidence they need to put their best offers on the table, and that in turn al-lows for a successful and timely con-clusion to negotiations. 
Currently, the administration is ne-
gotiating two major trade agreements that have the potential to vastly ex-pand the market for American goods and services in the European Union and in the Pacific. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is 
being negotiated with a number of Asia-Pacific nations, including Aus-tralia, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam. 
If this agreement is done right, there 
could be huge benefits for American agriculture, among other industries. Currently, American agricultural prod-ucts face heavy tariffs in many Trans- Pacific Partnership countries. Poultry tariffs in TPP countries, for example, can reach a staggering 240 percent. Re-ducing the barriers to American agri-cultural products in these countries would have enormous benefits for American farmers and ranchers. 
Agricultural producers in my State 
of South Dakota have contacted me to tell me how trade benefits their indus-tries and to urge support for trade pro-motion authority as the most effective way to secure trade agreements that will benefit South Dakota farmers and ranchers. 
The leader of the South Dakota 
Dairy Producers Association wrote to me about the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship Agreement, which could have sig-nificant benefits for South Dakota dairy farmers, and urged me to vote in favor of trade promotion authority. He said the Trans-Pacific Partnership talks ‘‘have the potential to be positive for our dairy industry, but only if the U.S. insists on settling for nothing less than a balanced deal that delivers net trade benefits for the dairy industry. Passing TPA is a key part of getting there.’’ That is from a dairy producer in my State of South Dakota. 
Mr. President, passing TPA is a key 
part of getting there. Neither the Trans-Pacific Partnership nor the United States-European Union trade agreement is likely to be completed in a timely fashion without trade pro-motion authority. If we want to make sure that trade negotiations achieve the goals of American farmers and manufacturers, trade promotion au-thority is essential. 
The bipartisan bill we are consid-
ering on the Senate floor this week re-authorizes trade promotion authority, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.021 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2783 May 12, 2015 
and it includes a number of important 
updates, such as provisions to strengthen the transparency of the ne-gotiating process and ensure that the American people stay informed. 
It also contains provisions that I 
pushed for to require negotiators to en-sure that trade agreements promote digital trade as well as trade in phys-ical goods and services. Given the in-creasing importance of digitally en-abled commerce in the 21st-century economy, it is essential that our trade agreements include new rules that keep digital trade free from unneces-sary government interference. 
This trade promotion authority bill 
will help ensure that any trade deals the United States enters into will be favorable to American farmers, ranch-ers, and manufacturers, and it will hold other countries accountable for their unfair practices. Passing this bill is es-sential to prevent American workers and businesses from being left behind in the global economy. 
Since Republicans took control of 
the Senate in January, Democrats and Republicans have come together on a number of issues to pass legislation to address challenges that are facing our country. I hope this bill will be our next bipartisan achievement. 
The President has made it clear that 
he supports this bill, and key Demo-cratic Senators are working to make sure it passes. I hope the rest of the Democratic Party here in the Senate will come together with the President and Republicans to get this done. 
As President Obama said the other 
day, ‘‘We have to make sure that America writes the rules of the global economy. . . . Because if we don’t write the rules for trade around the world— guess what—China will. And they’ll write those rules in a way that gives Chinese workers and Chinese busi-nesses the upper hand, and locks Amer-ican-made goods out.’’ Again, that is a quote from President Obama. 
To put it another way, if America 
fails to lead on trade, other nations will step in to fill the void, and those nations will not have the best interests of American workers and American families in mind. 
It is time to pass trade promotion au-
thority so we can secure favorable new trade deals and ensure that American goods and services can compete on a level playing field around the globe and that American workers and American consumers receive the benefits that come along with that. I hope that will be the outcome of the vote today, and I hope it will be a major achievement for this Senate—a bipartisan achieve-ment where both sides work together for the good of our economy, for the good of jobs, for the good of higher wage levels for American workers, and for the good of a more competitive economy in which our consumers ben-efit. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. TRADE 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, at 2:30 
this afternoon, the Senate will vote on a motion to proceed to the fast-track bill which was recently approved by the Finance Committee. I will be strongly opposing that legislation. 
In a nutshell, here is the reality of 
the American economy today: While we are certainly better off than we were 6
1⁄2years ago, the truth is that for the 
last 40 years the American middle class has been disappearing. The truth is that today we have some 45 million Americans living in poverty, and that is almost at the highest rate in the modern history of America. 
While the middle class continues to 
shrink, we are seeing more income and wealth inequality than at any time in our country since 1929, and it is worse in America than any other major coun-try on Earth. Today, 99 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 per-cent. Today, the top one-tenth of 1 per-cent owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. In the last 2 years, the 14 wealthiest people in this country have seen an increase in their wealth of $157 billion, and that $157 bil-lion is more wealth than is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans. 
How is that happening? Why is it 
happening? We have seen a huge in-crease in technology, productivity is way up, and the reality is that most working people should be seeing an in-crease in their income. Yet, median family income has gone down by al-most $5,000 since 1999. How does that happen? Why is it that the richest country in the history of the world has almost all of its new wealth in the hands of the few, while the vast major-ity of the American people are working longer hours for lower wages? How does that happen? Well, there are a lot of factors, but I will tell everyone that our disastrous trade agreements, such as NAFTA, CAFTA, and permanent normal trade relations with China, are certainly one of the major reasons why the middle class is in decline and why more and more income and wealth goes to a handful of people on the top. 
The sad truth is that many of the 
new jobs created in this country today are part-time and low-paying jobs. Thirty or forty years ago, people who maybe had a high school degree could go out and get a job in a factory. They never got rich and it wasn’t a glam-orous job, but they had enough wages and benefits to make it into the middle class. 
Since 2001, we have lost almost 60,000 
factories in America. When young peo-ple graduate from high school today, they don’t have the opportunity to work in a factory and have a union job and make middle-class wages; their op-tions are Walmart and McDonald’s, where there are low wages and minimal benefits. Those are companies which are vehemently anti-union. 
The sad truth is that we are in a race 
to the bottom. Not only have our trade agreements cost us millions of decent- paying jobs, they have depressed wages 
in this country because companies— virtually every major multinational corporation in this country has outsourced jobs and shed millions of American jobs. What they say to work-ers is: If you don’t like the cuts in health care and wages, we will go to China. We can hire people there for $1 an hour. 
Sadly, the Trans-Pacific Partnership 
Agreement follows in the footsteps of the other disastrous free-trade agree-ments that have forced American workers to compete against desperate and low-wage workers around the world. 
Over and over again—and I have 
heard this so many times, including on the floor this morning—supporters of fast-track have told us that unfettered free trade will increase American jobs and wages and will be just wonderful for the American economy. Sadly, how-ever, these folks have been proven wrong and wrong and wrong time after time after time. I hear the same lan-guage, and what they say proves not to be true every time. 
I will mention some quotes from the 
supporters of NAFTA. These are people who were telling us how great the NAFTA free-trade agreement would be. 
President Bill Clinton was pushing 
NAFTA in the same way that President Obama is pushing TPP today. On Sep-tember 19, 1993, President Clinton said: 
I believe NAFTA will create 200,000 Amer-
ican jobs in the first two years of its effect. . . . I believe that NAFTA will create a mil-lion jobs in the first five years of its impact. 
It wasn’t just liberals, such as Bill 
Clinton, who supported NAFTA. I have a quote from the very conservative Heritage Foundation in 1993: ‘‘Vir-tually all economists agree that NAFTA will produce a net increase of U.S. jobs over the next decade.’’ 
In 1993, the distinguished Senator 
from Kentucky, our majority leader 
M
ITCH MCCONNELL , said: ‘‘American 
firms will not move to Mexico just for lower wages.’’ 
Were President Clinton, the Heritage 
Foundation, and M
ITCH MCCONNELL  
correct? Well, of course they were not. In fact, what happened was exactly the opposite of what they said. 
According to the well-respected 
economists at the Economic Policy In-stitute, NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680,000 jobs. In 1993, the year before NAFTA was implemented, the United States had a trade surplus with Mexico of more than $1.6 billion. Last year, the trade deficit with Mexico was $53 billion. So all of the verbiage we heard about NAFTA being so good for American workers turned out to be dead wrong. 
What about China? We were told: Oh 
my God, China will open up the Chi-nese market, and there are billions of people. What an opportunity to create good-paying jobs in America. 
Here is what President Clinton, one 
of the proponents of permanent normal trade relations with China, had to say in 1999: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.025 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2784 May 12, 2015 
In opening the economy of China, the 
agreement will create unprecedented oppor-tunities for American farmers, workers and companies to compete successfully in Chi-
na’s market . . . This is a hundred-to-noth-ing deal for America when it comes to the economic consequences. 
In 1999, conservative economists at 
the Cato Institute said: 
The silliest argument against PNTR is 
that Chinese imports would overwhelm U.S. industry. In fact, American workers are far more productive than their Chinese counter-parts . . . PNTR would create far more ex-port opportunities for America than the Chi-nese. 
Wow, were they wrong. 
The Economic Policy Institute has 
estimated that PNTR with China has led to the net loss of over 2.7 million Americans jobs. 
Go to any department store in Amer-
ica and walk in the door. Where are the 
products made? China, China, China. They are made in Vietnam and in other low-wage countries. In fact, it is harder and harder to buy a product not made in China. 
So all of those people who told us 
what a great deal PNTR with China would be turned out to be dead wrong. In fact, our trade agreement with China has cost us almost 3 million jobs. 
In 2001, the trade deficit with China 
was $83 billion. Today, it is $342 billion. In 2011, on another trade agreement, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—a big proponent of unfettered free trade— strongly supported TPP. The Chamber of Commerce told us we had to pass a free-trade agreement with South Korea because it would create some 280,000 jobs in America. That is a lot of jobs. It turns out they were wrong again. In reality, the Economic Policy Institute recently found that the Korea Free Trade Agreement has led to the loss of some 75,000 jobs. 
Now, the Obama administration says, 
trust us. Forget what they said about NAFTA. Forget what they said about Korea. Forget what they said about China. This one is different. Really, really, cross our fingers, hope to die, this one is really, really different. Yes, it may be true that every corporation in America—corporations that have shut down factories in this country and moved to China—they are supporting this agreement. Yes, it is true Wall Street, whose greed and recklessness have almost destroyed the American economy, is supporting this agreement. Yes, it is true the pharmaceutical in-dustry, which charges us the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs, is supporting this agreement— but not to worry, we should trust these guys. They really are thinking of the American middle class and working families. Trust us when they tell us a trade agreement will be good for work-ing people. Yes, we should really trust them. Meanwhile, every trade union in America and the vast majority of envi-ronmental groups in this country are saying be careful about TPP; vote no on fast-track. 
Here is the reality of the American 
economy. Since 2001, we have lost 60,000 factories in this country and we have 
lost over 4.7 million manufacturing jobs. In 1970, 25 percent of all the jobs in this country were in manufacturing. Today, that figure is down to 9 percent. 
The point is that, by and large, espe-
cially if there were unions, those man-ufacturing jobs paid working people a living wage, not a Walmart wage, not a McDonald’s wage. 
Our demand must be to corporate 
America—which tells us every night on TV to buy this product, to buy this pair of sneakers, to buy this television, to buy whatever it is—that maybe, just maybe, they might want to start man-ufacturing those products here in the United States of America and pay our workers a decent wage, rather than looking all over the world for the low-est possible wages in which they can exploit workers who are desperate. 
I was very disappointed that Presi-
dent Obama chose the headquarters of Nike to tout the so-called benefits of the TPP. Nike epitomizes why disas-trous, unfettered free-trade policies during the past four decades have failed American workers. Nike does not employ a single manufacturing worker who makes shoes in the United States of America—not one worker. One hun-dred percent of the shoes sold by Nike are made overseas in low-wage coun-tries. That is the transformation of the American economy, and it is not just Nike. 
When Nike was founded in 1964, just 4 
percent of U.S. footwear was imported. In other words, we manufactured the vast majority of the shoes and the sneakers we wore. Today, nearly all of the shoes that are bought in the United States are manufactured overseas. Today, over 330,000 workers manufac-ture Nike’s products in Vietnam, where the minimum wage is 56 cents an hour. 
I hear President Obama and other 
proponents of TPP talking about a level playing field. We have to compete on a level playing field. Does anybody think competing against desperate peo-ple who make 56 cents an hour is a level playing field, is fair to American workers? Of course, we want the poor people all over the world to see an in-crease in their standard of living, and we have to play an important role in that, but we don’t have to destroy the American middle class to help low-in-come workers around the world. 
In Vietnam, not only is the minimum 
wage 56 cents an hour, independent labor unions are banned, and people are thrown in jail for expressing their po-litical beliefs. Is that the level playing field President Obama and other pro-ponents of unfettered free trade are talking about? 
Back in 1988, Phil Knight—Phil 
Knight is the founder and the owner of Nike—said Nike had ‘‘become synony-mous with slave wages, forced over-time, and arbitrary abuse.’’ Phil Knight was right. In fact, factories in Vietnam where Nike shoes are manu-factured have been cited by the Worker Rights Consortium for excessive over-time, wage theft, and physical mis-
treatment of workers. Today, Mr. Knight is one of the wealthiest people on this planet, worth more than $22 bil-lion. While Mr. Knight’s net worth has more than tripled since 1999, the aver-age Vietnamese worker who makes Nike shoes earns pennies an hour. That is pretty much synonymous with what unfettered free trade is about. A hand-ful of people such as Phil Knight be-come multi-multi-multibillionaires and poor people all over the world are exploited and paid pennies an hour. 
It is not just Nike and it is not just 
Vietnam. Another country that is part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership is Ma-laysia. Today, there are nearly 200 elec-tronics factories in Malaysia where high-tech products from Apple, Dell, Intel, Motorola, and Texas Instruments are manufactured and brought back to the United States. If the TPP is ap-proved, that number will go up sub-stantially. What is wrong with that? It turns out that many of the workers at the electronics plants in Malaysia are being forced to work there under hor-rible working conditions. According to Verite, which conducted a 2-year inves-tigation into labor abuses in Malay-sia—an investigation which was com-missioned by the U.S. Department of Labor—32 percent of the industry’s nearly 200,000 migrant workers in Ma-laysia were employed in forced situa-tions because their passports had been taken away or because they were straining to pay back illegally high re-cruitment fees. In other words, Amer-ican workers are going to be forced to compete against people in Malaysia— immigrant workers there whose pass-ports have been taken away and who can’t leave the country and who are working under forced labor situations. 
So let me conclude by saying this: 
All of us understand trade is good. It is a good thing. But I think most of us now have caught on to the fact that the trade agreements pushed by cor-porate America, pushed by Wall Street, pushed by the pharmaceutical industry are very, very good if you are the CEO of a major corporation, but they are a disaster if you are an American work-er. 
It is my view that we have to rebuild 
manufacturing in America. It is my view that we have to create millions of decent-paying jobs in America. It is my view that we need to fundamentally re-write our trade agreements so our larg-est export does not become decent-pay-ing American jobs. 
I urge my colleagues to vote no on 
the fast-track agreement. Let us sit down and work on trade agreements that work for the American middle class, that work for our working people and not just for the CEOs of the largest 
corporations in this country. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.026 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2785 May 12, 2015 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:39 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 2:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Colorado. 
Mr. GARDNER. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
In just a few minutes, we will be 
holding a vote on whether to invoke cloture to cut off debate and move to the trade promotion authority bill, granting trade promotion authority to the President—a very important con-versation this country needs to have in terms of what we are going to do to ex-pand our opportunities in a region of the world that represents 50 percent of the population of this world and that represents 40 percent of our trade op-portunities. It is a great opportunity for this Congress, this Senate, to show how serious we are about truly rebal-ancing our efforts with Asian nations. 
In Colorado alone, we exported near-
ly $8.4 billion in goods in 2014. In Colo-rado, 48 percent of all goods were ex-ported in 2014. 
Over 260,000 jobs are derived from 
trade with nations represented by the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiating group. The TPP represents an oppor-tunity for Colorado to create nearly 4,000 new jobs, and that is just a start. 
So today’s conversation is not just a 
vote on whether we will have more delay on an important bill; this is about something that represents far greater opportunity than that. The fact is, over the past several years we have focused our time on the Middle East, and rightfully so, but as our day- to-day attention gets grabbed by the Middle East, our long-term interests lie in Asia and the Trans-Pacific Part-nership region. 
So I hope today that Members will 
put aside tendencies to decide they want to play politics with the trade promotion authority and instead, in-deed, pursue policies that will give us a chance to grow our economy, to make more products representative with the symbol and the label ‘‘Made in Amer-ica.’’ That is the chance we have today—to give our workers a competi-tive advantage, to create an oppor-tunity for increased trade in an area of the world where we face increasing competition and regional threats, to show that the United States will in-deed be a part of a region in the world 
that represents so much opportunity. 
As we have seen increases in Colo-
rado and beyond in trade and trade op-portunities, this bill represents a chance for us to continue improving our ability to grow Colorado’s economy and Colorado trade. 
So to our colleagues across the Sen-
ate, I indeed hope that we will invoke cloture today, that we will move for-ward on debate, and that we will have an opportunity to continue our work to support trade and to move toward pas-sage of the final TPP. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
The trade package we are considering 
today is missing important provisions that support American companies and American workers. We cannot have trade promotion without trade enforce-ment. Even supporters of fast-track and TPP—those cheerleaders, the most outspoken cheerleaders for free trade— even those supporters acknowledge there will be winners and losers from this agreement. 
Past deals show how widespread the 
losses will be. Travel the State the Pre-siding Officer and I represent in the Senate and look at what NAFTA has done, look at what PNTR with China has done, look at what the Central America Free Trade Agreement has done, and look at what the South Korea trade agreement has done to us. 
It would be a tragedy if the Senate 
acted and failed to help the American companies and the American workers and the communities that we acknowl-edge will be hurt by TPP. In other words, we take an action in this body, working with the administration, and there are losers and winners from this action. The losers are those who lose their jobs, the small businesses that go out of business, and the communities 
that get hurt by this. Those are the losers. How do you ignore them when it comes to these trade agreements? 
By excluding two of the four bills 
from the initial trade package, we are excluding critical bipartisan provisions that protect workers and ensure strong trade enforcement. 
We need to make sure that our steel 
manufacturers and other companies in our country are protected from unfair dumping. That is why I introduced— along with my colleagues, Senators P
ORTMAN , CASEY , BURR, BENNET , and 
COATS —the Leveling the Playing Field 
Act. We included it in the Customs and Border Protection reauthorization with bipartisan support. It would strengthen enforcement of trade laws. It would in-crease the ability of industries—such as the steel industry, which is so im-portant in my State—to fight back against unfair trade practices. It passed the Senate Finance Committee, but in the majority leader’s package and Senator H
ATCH ’s package, it is no-
where to be found on the floor today. We need to make sure strong cur-
rency provisions are included. The Fi-nance Committee overwhelmingly sup-ported my amendment 18 to 8. We had the support of Republican colleagues: Senators P
ORTMAN , GRASSLEY , CRAPO , 
ROBERTS , BURR, ISAKSON —who is sit-
ting in the Chamber—and S COTT. 
Again, this provision, which passed the Finance Committee overwhelmingly, ensures a level playing field for Amer-ican businesses. It is nowhere to be found in the majority leader’s package on the floor today. 
Finally, any trade package needs to 
ensure we are not importing products made with child labor. That is why the Finance Committee passed an amend-ment with overwhelming bipartisan support to close a 75-year-old loophole that allowed products made with forced labor and child labor into this country. For 75 years, that loophole stood. We passed that amendment 21 to 5. We had the support of Republican colleagues: Senators G
RASSLEY , CRAPO , ROBERTS , 
CORNYN , T HUNE , T OOMEY , P ORTMAN , 
COATS , and H ELLER . But, again, this bi-
partisan provision is nowhere to be found in the majority leader’s package. 
That is why I call on my Republican 
colleagues—many of whom I have named; almost every one on them on the Finance Committee—who have voted for either the currency amend-ment or the level the playing field amendment or the prohibition on child labor amendment. Some Republican members of the Finance Committee voted for all three of those amend-ments, but they are not in the package. 
I am hopeful my Republican col-
leagues will join Democratic colleagues to vote no on cloture so we can bring a package to the floor that does trade promotion authority, that takes cares of workers, and also takes care of en-forcing trade rules. 
The trade package which passed out 
of the Finance Committee is far from perfect. I still have grave concerns about fast-track. I know what bad trade rules have done to my State. There is a reason these provisions were included in the trade package. The Senate should consider all four of them. Majority Leader M
CCONNELL  
says he wants to respect committee work on legislation. Well, here is his chance. 
The only way to get these important 
provisions to the President’s desk is to combine all four into one. We have done it in the past. Keep in mind, every time Congress does major trade laws— 2002 fast-track included provisions on enforcement, and it included provisions to help workers through trade adjust-ment assistance; the same thing in 1988 in the trade package; the same thing in 1974 in the trade package. Why would we bifurcate this? Why would we take out enforcement when that is a very important part of trade? 
We should not move forward with 
any trade package that does not in-clude all four bills. I ask my colleagues in both parties, those who supported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.028 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2786 May 12, 2015 
our enforcement efforts in both parties 
in Finance, to join us and vote no on cloture when we take the vote in the next few minutes. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the time during the quorum call be charged evenly to both parties. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, a few 
moments ago, we heard an argument that this envisioned trade agreement will increase the number of products that are stamped ‘‘Made in America,’’ 
‘‘Made in the United States of Amer-ica.’’ Certainly that is the argument that has been put forward for trade agreement after trade agreement after trade agreement. 
The first step in the process is to say: 
Look at those markets. Wouldn’t it be wonderful in that nation if we had di-rect access, improved access? 
Particularly, we have done a series of 
agreements with very low-wage, low- environmental standards, low-enforce-ment nations. Well, that is the first stage. 
Then the second stage becomes: Now 
that we have this broader connection, we are competing with products made in that country, so we better make sure we open a factory there as well. And then suddenly, instead of those products coming from the United States to a foreign nation, in fact, those products are being made in that foreign nation. 
Then comes stage three: Oh, now that 
we are making those products overseas at a much lower price because of the lower wages and lower environmental standards and lower enforcement, it does not make sense to make those products in the United States anymore. 
So that is how we lost 5 million man-
ufacturing jobs in America. That is how we lost 50,000 factories in America. So for those who want to put forward the chimera, the illusion, the mirage that somehow this is going to increase American production, American citi-zens should know, in fact, that is a false promise—a false promise that has been put out time after time after time and shown to be wrong again and again and again. 
Let’s think about this: Why would 
you pave a path to put the workers in your State directly in competition with workers earning 60 cents an hour? Tell me that is advantageous to mak-ing things in your nation, and I will tell you, you are wrong. 
So let’s not go down a path in which 
we pave a highway to essentially de-stroy American manufacturing, to dis-rupt American manufacturing, to de-crease the competitiveness of living wages here in the United States of America. Let’s enhance and strengthen our position in the world, not under-mine it. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, in the re-
maining 2
1⁄2minutes we have, I want to 
take a few seconds of it. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
motion to proceed. All this does is get us on the bill. We need to have a robust debate about the trade agenda, and I am willing to do that. Of course, the centerpiece is TPA—no question about it. I know our staffs have been working together to find a path forward on En-force Customs. 
This is an important bill, and we 
need to get it through the Senate, but to do that, we need to begin debate today. 
Trade promotion authority is the key 
to our economic future. I hope my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle will stand with me and President Obama and vote yes so we may update and modernize our trade laws, including TPA, and help lay the groundwork for a healthy economy for our children and our grandchildren. 
Ninety-five percent of the world’s 
trade is outside of our country. Trade produces better salaries—13 to 18 per-cent. We have worked through all the problems in the committee. We have had plenty of amendments, lots of de-bate, and we put this on the floor with the understanding that it would be voted on. 
Mr. BROWN. Would the Finance 
chair yield for a question? 
Mr. HATCH. My time is just about 
gone, but go ahead. 
Mr. BROWN. I would just ask, the 
four bills that we passed in com-mittee—African growth and oppor-tunity, trade adjustment assistance, trade promotion authority, and the Customs bill—all passed out of com-mittee by strong bipartisan majorities, right, and we hoped at the time they would come together in the motion to proceed to a vote. 
Mr. HATCH. I understand the ques-
tion. They passed out with an under-standing between the vice chairman of the committee and me that we would vote on them separately but would move TPA and TAA—which most Re-publicans hate—we would move them together, and then we would move the third one, and then we would move the fourth one. It was supposed to be done that way because everybody knew that putting the Schumer amendment on the one bill would not be acceptable in the House and would not be acceptable to the President, and that is the prob-lem here. We all are prepared to have a vote on that bill, but the agreement was that we would vote individually on all four bills. Finally, we agreed to do TPA and TAA because your side was concerned about whether this side would allow TAA to go through. There never had been a question that we were willing to do that even though most of us hate that bill. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 1 minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? Mr. ISAKSON. I object. 
Mr. BURR. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. HATCH. If we could get a 
minute, too, I would be happy to have that. OK. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the right to an administrative appeal re-lating to adverse determinations of tax-ex-empt status of certain organizations. 
Mitch McConnell, Bob Corker, Joni 
Ernst, Bill Cassidy, John Cornyn, Thad Cochran, Shelley Moore Capito, Deb Fischer, John McCain, James Lankford, Patrick J. Toomey, Roy Blunt, Ron Johnson, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, David Vitter, Ben Sasse. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the right to an administra-tive appeal relating to adverse deter-minations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 176 Leg.] 
YEAS—52 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal 
Boxer Brown 
Cantwell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.029 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2787 May 12, 2015 
Cardin 
Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar 
Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed 
Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Graham Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 45. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 1314. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 58, H.R. 
1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that Senators be permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
well, what we just saw here is pretty shocking. There are always limits to what can be accomplished when the American people choose divided gov-ernment, but of course it does not mean Washington should not work to-ward bipartisan solutions that make sense for our country. Trade offers a perfect opportunity to do just that. We on this side believe strongly in lifting up the middle class and knocking down unfair barriers that discriminate against American workers and Amer-ican products in the 21st century. 
On this issue, the President agrees. 
So we worked in good faith all year— all year long—to formulate a package that both parties could support. The top Republican on the Finance Com-mittee, Senator H
ATCH , engaged in 
months of good-faith negotiations with the top Democrat on the committee, Senator W
YDEN . They consulted closely 
with colleagues over in the House such as Chairman R
YAN. They consulted closely with President Obama, with 
Democrats, with Republicans. 
The issues they had to work through 
were tough. Difficult concessions had to be made. Many believed an agree-ment would never emerge, but in the end a strong bipartisan trade package came together that was able to pass through the committee by an over-whelming margin of 20 to 6—20 to 6. It was a significant win for the people we represent. It was a win for the Ameri-cans who look to us to secure economic growth and good jobs for them, not give in to the special interests who, ap-parently, would rather see those jobs end up in countries like China. 
It was a win for the security of our 
country and for our leadership around the world. The Secretary of Defense, for example, was at lunch with Repub-licans today talking about the impor-tance to our repositioning to the Pa-cific, from a defense and foreign policy point of view, to get TPP. He was ac-companied by seven—not at our lunch, but seven former Defense Secretaries of both parties said this just last week, ‘‘The stakes are clear and America’s prestige, influence and leadership are on the line.’’ 
So the rationale for voting yes today, 
a vote that would have simply allowed the Senate to debate the issue, was overwhelming. It was supported by the facts, and yet voices in the President’s party who rail against the future won out today. I do not routinely quote President Obama, but today is no ordi-nary day. So when the President said, ‘‘The hard left is just making stuff up,’’ when the President said their increas-ingly bizarre arguments didn’t ‘‘stand the test of fact and scrutiny,’’ it was hard to argue with him. 
‘‘You don’t make change through slo-
gans,’’ the President reminded his ad-versaries on this issue. ‘‘You don’t make change through ignoring reali-ties.’’ 
I think that is something worth re-
flecting on. 
Now this doesn’t have to be the end 
of the story. Trade has traditionally been a bipartisan issue that cuts across the partisan divide. I suspect we have colleagues on the other side who aren’t that comfortable filibustering eco-nomic benefits for their constituents or a President who leads their party. 
What we have just witnessed is that 
the Democratic Senate shut down the opportunity to debate the top eco-nomic priority of the Democratic President of the United States. 
I suspect some may be parking their 
vote, rather than buying the out-landish rhetoric we have heard from the left. Certainly, that is my hope. 
But to get the best outcome for the 
country, we have to be realistic. For instance, the idea that any Senator can make a guarantee that a particular bill will be enacted into law is simply im-possible. 
I assure you that we would have had 
a different outcome on today’s cloture motion if Senators actually wielded the power to force things through by 
sheer will alone. Obviously, we don’t. What we can guarantee is that Sen-ators receive a fair shake once we pro-ceed to the debate our country deserves on a 21st century American trade agen-da. 
We will have an open and fair amend-
ment process. How many times have I said that this year? That is what we in-tend to do when we get on TPA. For my part, I can restate my commitment to processing TPA, TAA, and other policies that Chairman H
ATCH and Sen-
ator W YDEN can agree to. 
The Senate has historically been a 
place where our country debates and considers big issues. This is an issue worthy of our consideration. Yet today we have voted to not even consider it. It doesn’t mean we can predetermine outcomes. It doesn’t mean we can even guarantee the successful passage of leg-islation once we proceed to debate it. We can’t make those kinds of guaran-tees that the other side was saying are preconditions to even considering the President’s No. 1 domestic priority. 
But blocking the Senate from even 
having a debate of such an important issue is not the answer. Senators who do so are choosing to stand with spe-cial interests and against the American jobs that knocking down more unfair trade barriers could support. 
So I sure hope that some of our col-
leagues across the aisle will heed the words of President Obama and rethink their choice. I hope they will vote with us to open debate on this issue. 
Let me reiterate. We will continue to 
engage with both sides. We will con-tinue to engage with both sides. We will have an open amendment process. We will continue to cooperate in the same spirit that got us through so many impossible hurdles already in getting this bill to the floor. 
This was no small accomplishment to 
get it as far as it has come, given the various points of view on the Finance Committee. Chairman H
ATCH and Sen-
ator W YDEN deserve a lot of credit for 
that. But they didn’t go through all of that to stall out on the floor before we have the chance to do something im-portant for the American people. 
So I hope that folks on the other side 
who are preventing this debate will se-riously consider the implications. Other countries are taking a look at us. They are wondering whether we can deliver. We hear TPP is close to being finalized, and here is the headline they see—that every single one—with one exception, I believe—of the President’s own party in the Senate prevented the mechanism for having trade consid-ered, prevented it from even coming to the Senate floor. That is not the kind of headline that we want to send around the world—that America can-not be depended upon, that America cannot deliver trade agreements. To our allies in the Pacific that are appre-hensive about the Chinese—and who thought this was not only good for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.006 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2788 May 12, 2015 
their commerce but good for their se-
curity—what kind of message does that send? 
So I moved to reconsider. Hopefully, 
it will be an opportunity for people to think this over, and we will be able to come together and go forward on a bi-partisan basis to achieve an important accomplishment for the American peo-ple. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend, 
the majority leader, has one person to blame for our not being on the floor now debating this important piece of legislation, and that person is the ma-jority leader. The next time he looks in the mirror, he can understand who is responsible for not having debate, as he said, with robust amendments. It is he. 
The reason for this situation we are 
in today is very simple. The Finance Committee reported four bills out by a large, bipartisan vote of the Finance Committee. The majority leader de-cided, on his own, that he would con-sider two of those and that the others would have to figure out some other way to get done. 
As the Republican leader said this 
morning in his opening statement, let’s move to those two bills, and then we will start the amendment process. Do all four and start the amendment proc-ess. It is very logical. 
It is illogical what he is saying. Why 
should we only do two of the four re-ported out of the Finance Committee? It doesn’t make sense. 
Now, my friend the Republican leader 
is very aware of motions to proceed. During the last 4 years, because of the Republicans’ cynical approach to gov-ernment, they basically defeated ev-erything we tried to do while not al-lowing us to proceed on legislation. However, we are saying we are willing to work with you on this legislation. We don’t want to stop moving forward on this bill. We think, though, the bill should be what was reported out of the Finance Committee. That seems the fair thing to do. 
That is all we ask—a path forward, a 
realistic path for all of us to proceed on this legislation. If we are stuck here, it is too bad. We shouldn’t be. 
I say to my friend the Republican 
leader, I am always available to speak with him—here, telephone, my office, his office—to figure a way forward on this legislation. 
I have stated the last week or so that 
the way we should go forward is to have all four of the measures that came out of the Finance Committee lumped together and start legislating on those—to have, in the words of the Republican leader, a robust amend-ment process on those bills as lumped together. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader of the Senate. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, ob-
viously the most sensitive political issue surrounding this is the currency issue. I want to make sure everybody has a clear understanding of where we 
are on that. 
In committee a Senator stated: I ex-
plicitly did not offer the currency amendment to the TPA bill. We were told that it would not be a part—if it were a part of TPA, we all know it would kill it, the President wouldn’t sign the bill. So my goal is not to use currency to kill the TPA bill and not to kill the TPA bill, it is to get cur-rency passed. That is why we offered it to the Customs bill, a separate bill, on the strong view that no one disputed in committee—no one disputed this in committee—that we would get a vote separately—separately, I repeat—on the Customs bill on the floor and that it would come to the floor just like the other bills. 
As for currency, in the committee 
they agreed they would deal with it on the Customs bill and not on TPA. And now our friends on the other side are trying to bunch it all together. 
But look, we need to be clear. The 
currency issue on TPA is a killer. The President would veto the bill. It would defeat the bill. That is why in com-mittee they sensibly reached the con-clusion to deal with currency on the Customs bill. So I want to be clear about that. So when we get on the bill, everybody will understand the signifi-cance of that issue. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, one word 
before my friend from Oregon is recog-nized— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
that is exactly what Senator S CHUMER  
said in committee, what I just read. That was what Senator S
CHUMER said 
in committee. It was not clear from my notes who said it, but that is exactly what Senator S
CHUMER said in com-
mittee: 
And, explicitly I did not offer the currency 
amendment to the TPA bill. We were told that it would not be part—if it were part of TPA it might kill it. 
Senator S CHUMER : 
My goal is not to use currency to kill the 
TPA bill and not to kill the TPA bill, it’s to get currency passed. 
Senator S CHUMER , further: 
And that’s why we offered it to the cus-
toms bill, on the view, strong view, that no one disputed in committee that we’d get a vote separately on the customs bill on the floor, that it would come to the floor just like the other bills. 
That is Senator S CHUMER in com-
mittee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, Senator 
SCHUMER has been involved in the cur-
rency issue from basically the time he came to the Senate. It has been an im-portant issue for him, and he can speak for himself. 
I am not an expert on the bill, and I 
don’t intend to debate anyone here on the merits of the bill. People know how I feel about the legislation generally, 
but I am kind of an expert on the pro-cedural aspect of what goes on around here. 
I suggest the best way to move for-
ward is to come up with a program to have all of these bills discussed at the same time, and that is why we have felt the way we did and we indicated that in the vote we just took. So I think everybody should just take a deep breath, and I think there are prob-ably ways we can move forward with this without disparaging either side. 
I think the vote was important, pro-
cedurally. We, as a minority—as the Republican leader certainly can under-stand, having been in the minority for a number of years—I think we would be better off with the minority having a say in what goes on in this body. 
That is the way we spoke today. We 
believe that, and we look forward to continuing the process of moving for-ward on this bill. We cannot be debat-ing the merits of this legislation unless we figure out some way to move for-ward, and right now that process is not looking very good. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, will the 
Senator briefly yield for a unanimous consent request? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator yield? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that after the bill manager, the ranking member of the Finance Committee is recognized to speak, that I be recognized to speak, and that following me, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee be rec-ognized to speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Oregon is recog-
nized. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, the ma-
jority leader has entered a motion to reconsider the trade legislation. I want to be clear, both for the majority lead-er and all our colleagues here, that I am very interested in working with the majority leader and our colleague from the other side of the aisle to find a bi-partisan path to get back to the trade legislation at the earliest possible time. 
This morning, 14 protrade Democrats 
met, and I can assure all the Senators here that these are Senators who are committed—strongly committed—to ensuring that this bill passes. 
Now, with respect to just another 
brief description about where we are, all the hard work that the majority leader correctly described as going on in connection with this legislation has been about four bills: the trade pro-motion act, Customs—which is really trade enforcement to help displaced workers—and then trade preferences for developing countries. 
Just briefly, I want to describe why 
it was so important for Senators on a bipartisan basis in the Finance Com-mittee to tackle these issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.040 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2789 May 12, 2015 
The first, trade promotion authority, 
helps strip the secrecy out of trade pol-icy. The second is the support system for American workers. This is known as trade adjustment assistance, which has been expanded. The third finally puts our trade enforcement policies into high gear so America can crack down on the trade cheats. The fourth 
renews trade programs that are crucial to American manufacturers. Together, these bills would form a legislative package that throws out the 1990s NAFTA playbook on trade. It is an op-portunity to enact fresh, middle-class trade policies that will create high- skill, high-wage jobs in Oregon and across our land. That opportunity is lost if this package of four bills gets winnowed down to two. 
In particular, dropping the enforce-
ment bill in my view is legislative mal-practice. The calculation is quite sim-ple. The Finance Committee gave the Senate a bipartisan trade enforcement bill that will protect American jobs and promote American exports, which are two propositions that I believe every Member of this body supports. The enforcement legislation closes a shameful loophole that allows for prod-ucts made with forced and child labor to be sold in our country. This is 2015, and there is absolutely no room for a loophole that allows slavery in Amer-ican trade policies. If the decision is made to drop this bipartisan legisla-tion, that shameful loophole would live on. 
Now, any Senator who goes home and 
speaks, as I do, about the virtues of job-creating trade policies has, in my view, a special obligation to ensure that American trade enforcement is tough, effective, and built on American values. That is what the Finance Com-mittee’s bipartisan enforcement bill is all about. Without proper enforcement, no trade deal can ever live up to the hype. This enforcement bill is a jobs bill, plain and simple, and it needs to get to the President’s desk. 
Some elements of this package rep-
resent priorities that have tradition-ally belonged to Republicans. Other elements are traditionally Democratic. But taken as a whole, this is a bipar-tisan package that both sides of the Fi-nance Committee supported strongly, with the understanding that its compo-nent parts would be linked together. You can’t make this stool stand up with just two legs. 
The Senate should not begin debate 
until there is a clear path forward for each of these four bills, and I use that word specifically because I have talked with colleagues about it. We are going to work together in a bipartisan fash-ion. That is what Chairman H
ATCH and 
I have done since he became chairman, and I have been grateful to him be-cause that is the way he sought to carry out his responsibilities when I was chairman. We are going to work together, but the challenge has always been to find a clear path forward for each of these four bills. So I urge my colleagues to continue 
down the Finance Committee’s bipar-tisan route and find a path that moves all four of these bills forward. 
In closing, I want to reiterate that 
with the majority leader having en-tered into a motion to have the trade bill reconsidered, I want to express to my colleagues—and I see several Fi-nance members here, Chairman H
ATCH  
and Senator C ORNYN , a senior member 
of the committee, a member of the leadership—that I am very interested in working closely with both of them to find a bipartisan path and get back to this legislation just as soon as pos-sible. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the chairman of the Finance Committee be recog-nized and then I be recognized fol-lowing his remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague for his kindness in doing that. 
I listened to the debate, and I have to 
say I am very disappointed. 
Everybody knew that Senator S
CHU-
MER accommodated us—the ranking 
member and myself—in putting the language on the Customs bill. In fact, here is what Senator S
CHUMER said: 
And, explicitly I did not offer the currency 
amendment to the TPA bill. We were told that it would not be part—if it were part of TPA it might kill it. My goal is not to use currency to kill the TPA bill and not to kill the TPA bill, it’s to get currency passed. And that’s why we offered it to the customs bill, on the view, strong view, that no one dis-puted in committee that we’d get a vote sep-arately on the customs bill on the floor, that it would come to the floor just like the other bills. 
That was the agreement. The distin-
guished Senator from Oregon knows that was the agreement; that we were going to lump the two together, the TPA and TAA—although I would have preferred to have those voted on sepa-rately, but we agreed to do that be-cause there was a concern on the Democratic side that maybe we wouldn’t put TAA out. That was a ri-diculous concern because we know TPA can’t pass unless you give the unions what they want on TAA. So we grit our teeth and we were willing to do that. We put them together so we could ac-commodate again. And it was com-pletely understood that the AGOA bill, the next two bills, would be voted on separately. Senator S
CHUMER knew, 
and said so; that he realized it would give the House a very, very bad stom-achache because they probably couldn’t put this bill through with that language on it. 
I even agreed with Senator S
CHUMER  
that we could have hearings later. He could bring up a bill. We would have hearings. We would have a markup on the currency matters because there are a lot of people who would like to see something done on currency—but not 
to destroy the TPA bill or, should I say, all of the negotiations that this administration has been conducting with regard to TPP—the Trans-Pacific Partnership—with 11 nations, including Japan, which has always been difficult to get to the table because they have very great concerns there, but they were willing to come to the table. And it might ruin TTIP, which is 28 nations in Europe. 
Forty to sixty percent of all trade in 
the world would come through these two agreements that would be done by the Trade Representative, subject to the review by Congress provided in TPA, which happens to be the proce-dural mechanism pursuant to which we can assert congressional control over these foreign policy agreements, these trade agreements. 
So there was no agreement to bring 
these up all at one time. The first time I heard that was, I think, yesterday or the day before, and I was flabbergasted. To have our colleagues vote against cloture on a bill the President wants more than any other bill, after he talked to them, is astounding to me. 
So I am going to take a moment to 
talk about what transpired this after-noon because I think it warrants fur-ther discussion. 
As I stated this morning, with to-
day’s vote, we were trying to do some-thing good for the American people, to advance our Nation’s trade agenda and to provide good jobs for American workers, all of which would happen should we get this through both Houses of Congress and the President signs it into law. 
Now, to do that, we can’t have killer 
amendments put on bills that every-body knows will kill it and that the President can’t sign. I know people dis-agree with us on how we intended to get there. That much was clear from the outset. Sadly, these colleagues— who have always been against TPA— were unwilling to have a discussion about their disagreements in a fair and open debate, and, I have to say, that was all of them on the other side today. Instead, they voted this after-noon to prevent any such debate from taking place. 
We are willing to debate, we are will-
ing to have amendments, but I am also only willing to abide by the agreement we have with Senator S
CHUMER with 
regard to the Customs bill. That was the agreement, and I compliment Sen-ator S
CHUMER for being willing to put 
it on there because he knew it would kill TPA. 
Needless to say, I am disappointed by 
this outcome. 
While we are talking about trade pol-
icy at large, the bill receiving the most attention was, of course, the TPA bill, which is bipartisan. I made sure it was bipartisan—that we could work to-gether, that we could come together, that we could all basically feel good about it—and it passed 20 to 6, which is astounding to even me. I didn’t know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.042 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2790 May 12, 2015 
we would get seven Democrats on the 
bill, and I compliment the distin-guished ranking member for working hard to get seven Democrats on the bill. But still, that doesn’t take away the fact that the minority leader and others don’t want any bill at all. 
While we are talking about trade pol-
icy at large, I would just say the bill receiving the most attention was, of course, the TPA bill, which is bipar-tisan, supported by Republicans and Democrats in both the House and the Senate, by the way, not to mention the President of the United States and his administration. 
On April 22, the bill was voted out of 
the Senate Finance Committee by a historic vote of 20 to 6, with seven Democrats on the committee voting to report the bill. The bill which was President Obama’s top legislative pri-ority, by the way, was riding a wave of amendments headed to the floor. Yet, today, the mere thought of even debat-ing this bill was apparently too much for my Democratic colleagues to bear. Nothing changed. It is the same bill we reported out of committee. I can re-member the happy time we had talking about how wonderful it was to finally get this bill out of the committee, after going to 10 p.m. one night and actually beyond that for staff. 
This is the same bill we have been 
talking about for months. The only thing that was different today than just a few days ago was the strategy being employed by the opposition. 
As we all know, the TPA bill wasn’t 
the only trade bill reported out of the Finance Committee in April. We also reported a bill to reauthorize Trade Ad-justment Assistance, a bill to reauthor-ize some trade preference programs and a Customs and Enforcement bill. 
A few days before we were to begin 
the floor debate on trade policy, we heard rumblings from our colleagues on the other side, and we started hear-ing statements from some Senators, in-cluding some who had generally been supportive of TPA, that they would only support the pending motion to proceed if they had assurances that all four bills—TPA, TAA, preferences, and Customs—would be debated and passed at the same time. That never was the agreement, and everybody understood that. These new demands brought for-ward at the eleventh hour were prob-lematic for a number of reasons, most notably because, as reported out of the Finance Committee, the Customs bill faces a number of problems both with the White House and the House of Rep-resentatives, and my friends on the other side realized that in this bipar-tisan effort that we were making to-gether. They recognized that there were problems for both the White House and House of Representatives that would prevent it from being en-acted into law any time soon. I will not detail all the problems, but I think most of my colleagues know what they are. But I will say that those problems existed from the beginning and we knew about them at the outset. We had 
people on the committee who were to-tally opposed to this bill. I made sure they had a right to bring up their amendments. I respect them. I don’t agree with them. I can’t even agree on how they ever reached the positions that they do. But the fact is they have a right to do that, and we protected that right. 
Now, I might say these problems ex-
isted from the beginning. We knew about them from the onset. That is why the ranking member of the Fi-nance Committee and I agreed at our markup to move our four trade bills separately. 
As one of the principal authors of 
three of the four trade bills, I want to be very clear because there has appar-ently been some confusion on this point. There was never a plan to move all four of these bills together or as part of TPA. 
While we agreed that TPA and TAA 
would have to move on parallel tracks—we did agree to that—there was no such agreement with regard to the other bills, only a commitment that we would do our best to try to get all four enacted into law, with no guar-antees that they would be but to do our very best. 
The agreement with TPA and TAA 
was honored. Both the majority leader and I made clear today that if cloture was invoked on the motion to proceed, we would file a substitute amendment that included both of these bills—TPA and TAA. 
We also made commitments—com-
mitments I had already made—to work with our colleagues to find a path for-ward on the Customs and the pref-erences legislation. But that was not enough, apparently. We have had nu-merous discussions regarding alter-native paths for other trade bills. That was not enough, either. The only thing they would accept was full inclusion of all the trade bills at the outset of the debate. We could not agree to that, and they knew it. 
Of course, to be fair, some of the 
Democrats were not necessarily insist-ing that the four bills be part of the same package. Instead, they just want-ed guarantees that all of them would be enacted into law. That is not the way it works around here. 
I do not even know how to comment 
on that. It is, to put it bluntly, simply absurd to think that a Senate leader can guarantee any bill will become law before a debate even begins. Yet those were the demands we faced over the last few days. Although they were obvi-ously impossible, we worked in good faith to try to reach an accommoda-tion with those who—in my opinion— were not working in good faith. And I am willing to forgive that. Even then, there was no path to yes. 
Of course, as we all know that the 
idea for demanding a ‘‘four bills or no bills’’ strategy did not originate in the Finance Committee. This demand ma-terialized last week and came directly from the Senate Democratic leader-
ship, virtually all of whom oppose TPA and their President on this bill, out-right. Sadly, it seems they were able to 
sell this idea to other Members of their caucus, including more than a few who should know better. 
We were never talking about reach-
ing an agreement with people who wanted a path forward on good trade legislation. We have been talking about an idea devised for the sole pur-pose of stopping progress on TPA. At least for today, it appears they have been successful. 
Once again, I am disappointed. A lot 
of work has gone into this effort in both the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives—not to mention the ad-ministration. I, personally, have been at this from the very moment I took over as the lead Republican on the Sen-ate Finance Committee in January 2011. 
In January 2014—more than a year 
ago—I introduced legislation with the former chairmen, Max Baucus and Dave Camp, that formed the basis of the bill that we had hoped to start de-bating this week. Both Baucus and Camp were committed to this effort. Sadly, Chairman Camp retired and Chairman Baucus was sent off to China. 
When Senator W
YDEN took over the 
committee, I worked with him to ad-dress his concerns about the bill, and that work continued after I took over as chairman this year. Even though I thought some of his proposals were un-workable, I bent over backwards to ac-commodate his desires, because in the end, I thought it would broaden sup-port for TPA, and I wanted to please him, as my partner on the committee. 
Chairman R
YAN joined us in this ef-
fort, and we did all we could to put to-gether a bill and a path forward that both parties could support. We met with Chairman R
YAN regularly. Until 
the last few days and the advent of these new demands materializing out of whole cloth, I thought we had been successful. Even after these new de-mands came up, I did my best to find an agreement, working right up to the vote to find a reasonable path forward. But, apparently, something reasonable was not in the cards. 
Everyone here knows I am an opti-
mist. I still believe we can get some-thing done, that we can work some-thing out. I have told the President the same. I am still willing to do what it takes to pass these bills. I hope my col-leagues will see the light here and come to the table with some realistic alternatives for a path forward. Until that happens, the President is going to have to wait on these trade agree-ments, as will all the farmers, ranch-ers, manufacturers, and other job cre-ators in our country who desperately need market access and a level inter-national playing field in order to com-pete. 
In the future, if we see a sharp de-
cline in U.S. agriculture and manufac-turing and if the United States retreats 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.043 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2791 May 12, 2015 
from the world, ceding the Asia-Pacific 
region, in particular, to China’s over-whelming economic influence, people may very well look back at today’s events and wonder why we could not get our act together. I am already thinking that. Why couldn’t we get our act together? 
I certainly hope that does not hap-
pen—that these other nations—particu-larly China—take advantage of our not getting our act together. Perhaps, in my frustration, I am being a little dra-matic. Still, I have no doubt that some will come to regret what went on here today—one way or another. 
As for me, I have no regrets. I have 
done all I can to get these important bills across the finish line. I am going to continue to do all I can in the future to get these bills across the finish line. 
Unfortunately, after today, it is very 
unclear how many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are willing to do the same. I believe there are honest, good people on that side of the aisle who want to make this right, who want to make up for what happened here today. I feel confident that is so. I am going to proceed on the basis that that is so. I sure hope it is so because, my gosh, to put this Nation’s foreign pol-icy—especially in the Asia-Pacific re-gion, in particular—on hold when we could be building relationships in these countries as never before and at the same time spurring on international trade as never before is a matter of grave concern to me. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want 
to congratulate the chairman of the Fi-nance Committee, who I know has la-bored long and hard to get this bill where it is today. I know how dis-appointed he is at the filibuster by our friends across the aisle on the Presi-dent’s No. 1 domestic priority. 
I have heard it said that the U.S. 
economy is just one or two steps away—a few policy choices away—from awakening that slumbering giant known as the U.S. economy and grow-ing it for the benefit of all Americans. Unfortunately, the filibuster that oc-curred today is a backwards step. 
I know there are some people that 
say to Republicans: Why would you want to work with President Obama? The truth of the matter is that is what we are here for, if we agree on the prin-ciple. We are not here to agree with him just to agree with him. As a mat-ter of fact, sometimes it is easier to go back home and say: Well, I disagreed with the President. 
But this is one area where the Presi-
dent of the United States is absolutely correct. We are here not to do what he wants us to do, but we are here to do what our constituents—what the Amer-ican people—want us to do. What they want is the better jobs, the improved wages, the sort of robust economic growth that comes along with trade agreements. It has been said numerous times, but 
I will say it again: 95 percent of the world lies out beyond our borders; 80 percent of the purchasing power in the world lies beyond the borders of the United States. Why in the world would we not want to open markets to the things that we grow, that our ranchers raise, and that our manufacturers make? Why in the world would we not want to do it? 
You will have to ask our colleagues 
across the aisle, who today, with the exception of one Democrat, chose to filibuster this bill. I am intrigued to hear the numbers that were mentioned earlier: 14 protrade Democrats—14. I guess that means there are at least 32 antitrade Democrats. But I must say, on this side of the aisle, we are by and large a protrade party—for the very reasons that I mentioned earlier. We would like to work with anybody—in-cluding the President of the United States—to try to get our economy growing again, to open markets to the things that we make and grow and manufacture here in the United States, because it benefits the entire country, including hard-working families. 
The irony is that last week the Sen-
ate overwhelmingly voted on a bill that would guarantee Congress the time and opportunity to review a po-tential agreement between President Obama and Iran. That bill passed 98 to 1 and will prevent implementation by the President until the American peo-ple, through their elected representa-tives, are given the chance to scruti-nize, study, and debate that particular agreement and vote on it up or down. So far, the so-called deal or framework has been incredibly vague, and I think it is important that we understand what is in it. 
You can imagine that if we voted 98 
to 1 to require the President to lay be-fore the American people this impor-tant negotiation with Iran, why it is so strange that our Democratic friends do not want us to participate in the same process by which to vote up or down on trade agreements. 
Trade promotion authority, histori-
cally, has had bipartisan support here in the Chamber. By the way, this is not just something that will be extended for the next 20 months of President Obama’s administration. This will be extended 6 years into the Presidency of the next President of the United States. 
The Chairman mentioned that this 
legislation sailed through the Finance Committee by a wide margin of 20 to 6. And, of course, as I said—and I will say it again—it is supported by the admin-istration, by President Obama’s admin-istration. 
It is very strange to see Democrats 
blocking a bill supported by the leader of their political party, the President of the United States. The excuses they gave here today are that all of a sudden they woke up and decided that the deal that Senator W
YDEN and Senator 
HATCH agreed to—which is to combine trade promotion authority with trade 
adjustment assistance—was not good 
enough and they wanted to renegotiate the deal. 
I think, from my perspective, there 
are really two types of folks in the camp across the aisle. There are those who, perhaps, would like to get to yes, and that means that you can have a ne-gotiation and try to find a way to get to yes. But I can only gather from what was said earlier that there are probably 32 Senators on that side of the aisle who are antitrade. They are not inter-ested in getting to yes. What they do is they throw up phony barriers, such as this attempt to renegotiate the pack-age that was brought here to the floor. This is sort of typical obstructionism. 
We saw this happen in the 
antitrafficking legislation as well, when a piece of legislation passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously and came to the floor. And then all of a sudden, someone woke up and said: Well, we did not read the bill, and now we object. 
This trade tool will give Congress the 
opportunity to examine any upcoming deal that the President is trying to cut and make sure—we make sure; we do not take the President’s word for it. We make sure the American people get a fair shake. 
Many of the provisions in trade pro-
motion authority are common sense and they are nonpartisan. For example, if passed, TPA would give Congress the authority to read the full text of the trade agreement. It is hard to argue that this is a bad thing. It is hard to get more straightforward than that, but we have no guarantee without this provision. 
Trade promotion authority would 
promote greater transparency and ac-countability in the negotiations proc-ess. Some, understandably, have com-plained that up to this point the Obama administration has relayed very little information about this unfolding trade agreement—known as the Trans- Pacific Partnership—or the affected in-dustries—that it has relayed very little information about the negotiations taking place with countries along the Pacific Rim and in Europe. 
This bill prioritizes transparency and 
accountability front and center and will require the administration to brief Members of Congress regularly on the progress of the negotiations. It will ac-tually allow Members of Congress to attend the negotiations. How more transparent can you get than that? 
That way Congress can work directly with those who are finalizing this agreement to ensure, again, that the American people are getting a good deal. 
So through the trade promotion au-
thority, the bill that has been filibus-tered today, Congress would have been able to get to know important details regarding the actual implementation of the trade deal. 
I am disappointed our Democratic 
colleagues were not able to see how im-portant this legislation is, not to us, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.045 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2792 May 12, 2015 
not to the President but to the people 
they represent and to the economy and wages we need to see grow. 
Well, as we heard from Secretary Ash 
Carter today at lunch, this is impor-tant for national security reasons as well. It is important America thor-oughly engage in Asia with our trading partners because there is a strange but simple phenomenon that occurs when two countries trade with each other. They are sure a lot less likely to go to war with each other if they are doing business and talking to each other. 
From a national security perspective, 
we want to make sure we make the rules with regard to trading in Asia and that we don’t default and let China fill the void, which they will be happy if we don’t take care of our business. 
Trade is important to my State, and 
as I said, it is important to the United States. In the 20th century all we need-ed back in Texas were farm-to-market roads to find customers for our goods. But in the 21st century, our customers are not just in the next town over, they are all around the world. As I said, 95 percent of our potential customers live outside of the United States. 
This legislation would help connect 
American farmers, ranchers, and small businesses to the markets around the world which would help our economy. As the country’s largest exporter, we in Texas know the value of trade first-hand because we depend on it. I know a lot of people think, well, Texas is just about oil and gas. Well, that is not ac-tually true. We have a very diversified economy. But part of what we have done, which has set us apart from the rest of the country in terms of eco-nomic growth and job creation, is trade. 
Last year, Texas reported $289 billion 
of exported goods, with some 41,000 businesses exporting goods from Texas to outside the country. Now, this type of trade has helped our economy grow and keep people employed, able to pro-vide food for their families and other necessities of life. We have prospered, relatively speaking, during a time when much of the American economy has been relatively stagnant and trade has been an important part of that. 
Opening up our country to greater 
trade through the trade promotion au-thority would help American busi-nesses send their goods to even more markets. The United States is the lead-ing exporter of agricultural products. Last year alone, America’s farmers and ranchers who could benefit tremen-dously from this legislation exported more than $152 billion in agricultural commodities and products to cus-tomers around the world. 
In Texas, for example, in the agri-
culture sector, we lead the Nation in exports of beef and cotton. By opening up more international opportunities for these products, our economy would 
grow and our Texas commodities, such as beef and cotton, would become sta-ples in fast-growing markets like Asia. 
We also know, as I suggested earlier, 
that trade is not just about selling products, it is about the jobs that are 
necessary to make and grow the prod-ucts we sell. According to a report re-leased last month by the International Trade Administration, as of 2014, more than 1 million jobs in Texas alone are supported by exporting, and in the en-tire country that figure is 11 million. So with 11 million jobs dependent on exports, why in the world wouldn’t we want to improve our ability to export more abroad to other markets around the world and to create more jobs in the process? 
Well, TPA is important because it 
would allow Congress to also have clear oversight over the pending trade agree-ments. I know there is a lot of skep-ticism about the kind of deal that is being cut behind closed doors. We would open those doors and bring it out into the open and allow all Americans to examine it. And we, as their rep-resentatives, will exam it as well and ask the hard questions, such as why is this in the best interest of the Amer-ican farmer, rancher, and manufac-turer. 
We know that TPP—the Trans-Pa-
cific Partnership, which is the big Asia trade agreement—alone makes up about 40 percent of the world’s econ-omy. 
I admit I am a little disappointed 
that the Democrats, with the exception of one Senator, would choose to block this important piece of legislation. With so much of the world’s purchasing power located beyond our borders, one would think that on a bipartisan basis we would all support opening up new access to consumers and markets for America’s farmers, ranchers, and man-ufactured goods, and that should be a top priority. 
Unfortunately, our colleagues across 
the aisle did not see our Nation’s busi-nesses and our economy as their main priority today. I hope that after to-day’s failure of this particular legisla-tion, we will engage in serious negotia-tions. 
I agree with the majority leader, that 
after November 4, the American people gave the U.S. Senate new management. They were dissatisfied with the man-agement of last year and previous years because all they saw was dys-function. Well, now the U.S. Senate is starting to function again. We are starting to produce important pieces of legislation, such as the first budget since 2009. This is a great opportunity for us on a bipartisan basis—on a non-partisan basis—to do something really good. 
I hope, after making the mistake of 
blocking this legislation, that our col-leagues—the 14 so-called progrowth Democrats out of the 46 across the aisle—will see fit to work with us to try and move this legislation forward. 
ORDER FOR RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF  
THE CHAIR  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that at 4 p.m., the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF 
THE CHAIR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 3:59 p.m., 
recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 5:29 p.m. when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Ms. A
YOTTE ). 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, yes-
terday I missed the vote on S. Con. Res. 16, which states U.S. policy on the release of American citizens in Iran, because I was touring tornado damage in Delmont, in my home State of South Dakota. Had I been able to be here, I would have voted in support of this concurrent resolution. Iran’s treat-ment of these detained Americans is reprehensible, and I believe we should be using every diplomatic tool at our disposal to obtain their release. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
was necessarily absent during the Sen-ate’s consideration of S. Con. Res. 16, which states that Iran should imme-diately release Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian, and co-operate with the U.S. Government to locate and return Robert Levinson. The resolution also states that the U.S. Government should use every diplo-matic tool at its disposal to secure their immediate release. Had I been present, I would have voted in support of S. Con. Res. 16. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY 
Mrs. STABENOW. Madam President, 
I wish to reflect on this year’s Memo-rial Day and the importance of this holiday in American life. 
As I attend Memorial Day parades 
and commemorations, I am struck by our spirit of national unity. I know that across Michigan—and across our Nation—our fellow Americans are tak-ing part in similar gatherings where we stop and reflect on our history and the sacrifice made by so many in order to bring our Nation to where we are today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.047 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2793 May 12, 2015 
Memorial Day is unique among 
American holidays. On Memorial Day, we do not honor a particular date or event, a battle or the end of a war. On Memorial Day, we do not honor an in-dividual leader—a President or a gen-eral. 
On Memorial Day, we pay homage to 
the thousands and thousands of indi-vidual acts of bravery and sacrifice that stretch back to the battlefields of our Revolution and to those taking place today in conflicts across our world. 
Last month, I was reminded of the 
significance of this day when I wel-comed 76 Michigan World War II and Korean war veterans to Washington from Michigan’s Upper Peninsula as part of the Honor Flight Network. 
These veterans visited the World War 
II and Korean war memorials, and at the end of the day, received personal-ized notes thanking them for their service. The mission of the Honor Flight Network is a fitting tribute to our ‘‘greatest generation.’’ 
This Memorial Day we not only 
honor past generations, but our current generation of young men and women who are serving or have come home. In April, 350 airmen and 12 A–10 Thunder-bolt II planes from our Selfridge Air National Guard Base deployed to the Middle East to fight the terrorist group ISIL as part of Operation Inherent Re-solve. 
This Memorial Day is a reminder of 
our obligation to honor our commit-ment to all our generations of veterans by making sure they have the support they need and the benefits they de-serve. 
As we observe this holiday, let us re-
member the centuries of sacrifice by the many men and women that this day represents. And let us make sure that all who served with honor are hon-ored in return. 
f 
REMEMBERING CORPORAL BRYON 
K. DICKSON 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I wish 
to honor Corporal Bryon K. Dickson, a Pennsylvania State trooper who was killed in the line of duty on September 12, 2014. Corporal Dickson was a resi-dent of Dunmore, PA, who served our Commonwealth and our Nation with honor, valor and distinction. 
Corporal Dickson spent the majority 
of his life in service to others. A grad-uate of Wyoming Area High School, he entered the Marines after high school and served with honor for 4 years. Fol-lowing his discharge, Corporal Dickson went on to study at the Pennsylvania State University, where he earned a de-gree in the administration of justice before entering the Pennsylvania State Police Academy. 
As a member of the Pennsylvania 
State Police, Corporal Dickson distin-guished himself as a passionate and dedicated officer. He became a certified drug recognition expert and devoted himself to removing impaired drivers from Pennsylvania’s roads. In recogni-
tion of his efforts, Corporal Dickson re-ceived several awards from the Penn-sylvania DUI Association, and numer-ous State police commendations. At the time of his death, he was a 7-year veteran of the force, serving as the pa-trol unit supervisor for Troop R at the Blooming Grove Barracks. 
Corporal Dickson represented the 
very best of law enforcement in Penn-sylvania and around the country. He wanted to help his community, so he put himself at risk every day to keep us safe. He ultimately gave, as Abra-ham Lincoln once said, ‘‘the last full measure of devotion’’ to his Common-wealth and his country. We owe him a debt of gratitude for that sacrifice. 
As he was laid to rest, thousands of 
police officers from around the coun-try, some from as far away as Alaska, lined the streets of Scranton, PA to pay their final respects to Corporal Dickson. He was eulogized by police commissioner Frank Noonan as a ‘‘steadfast soldier of the law.’’ But Cor-poral Dickson was more than just a brave public servant. In addition to being an honored marine, and distin-guished State trooper, he was a de-voted family man who ‘‘took perfect care of his wife’’ and handcrafted flaw-less wood toys for his two young sons. He was, most importantly, a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle, and friend; and that is how he will be most dearly remembered. 
My thoughts and prayers will remain 
with his wife Tiffany, his two children Bryon III and Adam, and all those who knew and loved Corporal Dickson. May he rest in peace. And may his sacrifice never be forgotten. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE LOUISIANA 
VETERANS FESTIVAL 
∑Mr. VITTER. Madam President, 
today, I recognize the Second Annual Louisiana Veterans Festival taking place on May 16, at the Northshore Harbor Center in Slidell, LA. The event is hosted by the East St. Tammany Habitat for Humanity, which con-structs homes for low-income families in Louisiana, including veterans. The event offers an opportunity for families of military personnel and members of the community to celebrate and thank veterans for their service to our Na-tion. 
Habitat for Humanity’s efforts are 
incredibly important, especially for our veterans. When we send our Amer-ican citizens to war, we make a prom-ise to protect them and a commitment to support them when they return home. Habitat for Humanity’s work en-sures that many will have a home when they return. 
Throughout America’s history, our 
military has bravely defended our Na-tion—especially our beliefs and val-ues—from the threat of tyranny and oppression. Our service men and 
women have defended us in all corners of the Earth, and they continue to de-fend us today. It is through the service and devotion of the military members and our veterans that our Nation has remained the strong America we know today. For their sacrifices, we owe them a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid. 
Through my work in the United 
States Congress, I have had the privi-lege of meeting with veterans through-out the State of Louisiana, from World War II veterans to recent veterans from Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. I am hum-bled by the stories of heroism and self-lessness. May we never forget those who have made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedoms. 
It is our responsibility to remember 
their courage, not only in ceremonies such as the Veterans Festival in Sli-dell, but also every day. Louisiana is blessed to have such a successful orga-nization with so many dedicated work-ers and volunteers building a better fu-
ture for our veterans and their fami-lies. We honor those who have served for us and have given so much, and I am pleased to recognize the Second An-nual Louisiana Veterans Festival and the East St. Tammany Habitat for Hu-manity for its role in building homes for veterans. ∑ 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance: 
Report to accompany S. 995, A bill to es-
tablish congressional trade negotiating ob-jectives and enhanced consultation require-ments for trade negotiations, to provide for consideration of trade agreements, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–42). 
Report to accompany S. 1267, An original 
bill to extend the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment pro-gram for Haiti, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–43). 
Report to accompany S. 1268, An original 
bill to extend the trade adjustment assist-ance program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–44). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. 
MERKLEY ): 
S. 1287. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to revise and extend the program for viral hepatitis surveillance, education, and testing in order to prevent deaths from chronic liver disease and liver cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1288. A bill to require States to imple-
ment a cash withdrawal daily limit for re-cipients of cash assistance under the tem-porary assistance for needy families pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12MY6.037 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2794 May 12, 2015 
By Mr. ROUNDS: 
S. 1289. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain contractor personnel in matters on the defense acquisition workforce in the an-nual strategic workforce plan of the Depart-ment of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. ROUNDS: 
S. 1290. A bill to ensure the ability of cov-
ered beneficiaries under the TRICARE pro-gram to access care under a health plan under such program in each TRICARE pro-gram region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. FISCHER: 
S. 1291. A bill to authorize early repayment 
of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
K
ING): 
S. 1292. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to treat certain qualified disaster areas as HUBZones and to extend the period for HUBZone treatment for certain base closure areas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 1293. A bill to establish the Department 
of Energy as the lead agency for coordi-nating all requirements under Federal law with respect to eligible clean coal and ad-vanced coal technology generating projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1294. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy and the Secretary of Agriculture to collaborate in promoting the development of efficient, economical, and environmentally sustainable thermally led wood energy sys-tems; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
G
ARDNER ): 
S. 1295. A bill to adjust the boundary of the 
Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. FISCHER: 
S. 1296. A bill to establish the American In-
frastructure Bank to offer States the option for more flexibility in financing and funding infrastructure projects; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. 
GARDNER ): 
S. 1297. A bill to update the Commercial 
Space Launch Act by amending title 51, United States Code, to promote competitive-ness of the U.S. commercial space sector, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mrs. 
F
ISCHER , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. 
ALEXANDER ): 
S. 1298. A bill to provide nationally con-
sistent measures of performance of the Na-tion’s ports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. U DALL , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
COONS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
TESTER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. 
COLLINS , and Mr. R EID): 
S. 1299. A bill to revise and extend provi-
sions under the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mrs. B OXER , 
and Mr. C ORKER ): 
S. 1300. A bill to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa feeds in certain situations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1301. A bill to amend title IV of the Per-
sonal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 to restore Med-icaid coverage for citizens of the Freely As-sociated States lawfully residing in the United States under the Compacts of Free Association between the Government of the United States and the Governments of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
COONS , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 1302. A bill to amend the Family and 
Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide leave because of the death of a son or daughter; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ): 
S. 1303. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the enrollment of veterans in certain courses of education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 1304. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled en-ergy workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BARRASSO: 
S. 1305. A bill to amend the Colorado River 
Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Res-ervoir; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 1306. A bill to amend the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 to use existing funding available to further projects that would improve en-ergy efficiency and reduce emissions; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1307. A bill to amend section 1105 of title 
31, United States Code , to require that the annual budget submissions of the Presidents include the total dollar amount requested for intelligence or intelligence related activities of each element of the Government engaged in such activities; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1308. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 
18, United States Code, to more comprehen-sively address the interstate transportation of firearms or ammunition; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. 
C
APITO ): 
S. 1309. A bill to provide for the removal of 
default information from a borrower’s credit report with respect to certain rehabilitated education loans; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1310. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
the Interior from issuing new oil or natural gas production leases in the Gulf of Mexico under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to a person that does not renegotiate its ex-isting leases in order to require royalty pay-ments if oil and natural gas prices are great-
er than or equal to specified price thresholds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1311. A bill to amend the Federal Oil and 
Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 and the 
Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to modify certain penalties to deter oil spills; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. F LAKE , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. R UBIO, 
and Mr. L ANKFORD ): 
S. 1312. A bill to modernize Federal policies 
regarding the supply and distribution of en-ergy in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. Res. 178. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Nurses Week from May 6, 2015, through May 12, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 36 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 36, a bill to address the continued threat posed by dangerous synthetic drugs by amending the Con-trolled Substances Act relating to con-trolled substance analogues. 
S. 122 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 122, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the personal importation of safe and affordable drugs from ap-proved pharmacies in Canada. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance pro-viders enacted by the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Minnesota 
(Mr. F RANKEN ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel be-tween the United States and Cuba. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.008 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2795 May 12, 2015 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. R EED), the Senator 
from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) and the 
Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for contributions of quali-fied conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 370 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 370, a bill to require breast density reporting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 389 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 389, a bill to amend sec-tion 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require that annual State report cards reflect the same race groups as the de-cennial census of population. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practi-tioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation pro-grams. 
S. 677 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 677, a bill to prohibit the applica-tion of certain restrictive eligibility requirements to foreign nongovern-mental organizations with respect to the provision of assistance under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) and the 
Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 798 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 798, a bill to provide for notice to, and input by, State insur-ance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance com-
pany’s assets, and for other purposes. 
S. 806 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 806, a bill to amend section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alternative speci-men for preemployment and random controlled substances testing of com-mercial motor vehicle drivers and for other purposes. 
S. 824 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 824, a bill to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
860, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 911 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 911, a bill to direct the Admin-istrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to issue an order with re-spect to secondary cockpit barriers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex rehabilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1049 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1049, a bill to allow the financing by United States persons of sales of agri-cultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1119, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commis-sion. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Washington 
(Ms. C ANTWELL ) and the Senator from 
Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate ad-ditional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1133 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1133, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with re-spect to arbitration. S. 1141 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1141, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide tax incentives for small busi-nesses. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the au-thority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1199 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1199, a bill to authorize Federal agencies to provide alternative fuel to Federal employees on a reimbursable basis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1236 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1236, a bill to amend the Federal Power Act to modify certain requirements re-lating to trial-type hearings with re-spect to certain license applications before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and for other purposes. 
S. 1253 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide cov-erage of certain disposable medical technologies under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 1282 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1282, a bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to consider the objective of improving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide pro-duced from fossil fuels in carrying out research and development programs under that Act. 
S. RES. 143 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 143, a resolution supporting efforts to ensure that stu-dents have access to debt-free higher education. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued vio-lation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.010 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2796 May 12, 2015 
S. RES. 174 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 174, a resolution recog-nizing May 2015 as ‘‘Jewish American Heritage Month’’ and honoring the con-tributions of Jewish Americans to the United States of America. 
S. RES. 177 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 177, a resolution desig-nating the week of May 10 through May 16, 2015, as ‘‘National Police Week’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1294. A bill to require the Sec-
retary of Energy and the Secretary of Agriculture to collaborate in pro-moting the development of efficient, economical, and environmentally sus-tainable thermally led wood energy systems; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
am proud to introduce the Bioenergy Act of 2015. 
Managed in an environmentally re-
sponsible way, woody biomass presents a carbon-neutral alternative to fossil fuels for heating and powering homes, schools and businesses. Much of the woody biomass in the U.S. that could be used for energy production is either waste from the forest products indus-try, or small trees that contribute to the overcrowding of forests and wildfires. In 2013, wildfires burned 4.3 million acres of American forests and rangeland, and the Federal Govern-ment spent $1.7 billion to fight them. Additionally, about 2 billion metric tons, or 30 percent, of U.S. carbon diox-ide emissions came from fossil fuel use in space heating, water heating or elec-tricity generation for American homes and businesses. Using woody biomass for heat and power can help fund wild-fire risk reduction and forest restora-tion, all while creating low-carbon en-ergy and a stable source of jobs in rural economies across the country. 
Despite this potential, the U.S. De-
partment of Energy, DOE, has not in-vested in biomass heat, bioheat, and power, biopower, projects and research. This bill introduces modest steps to de-velop this resource, learn more about its full potential, and improve inter-agency coordination between DOE and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, USDA, Forest Service on this topic. 
Specifically, the bill will establish a 
competitive cost-share grant program at the Department of Energy to im-prove technologies for processing woody biomass and bringing down transportation costs, as well as innova-tive technologies for using biomass for heat and power—from new power plant designs, to neighborhood heating sys-tems called ‘‘district energy’’ systems. The bill also creates a cost-share 
grant program through the U.S. Forest Service to support proven biomass technologies, like combined heat and power, CHP. To assist with financing, the bill expands a loan program run by the USDA Rural Utilities Service to in-clude bioheat and biopower, and estab-lishes a new loan program for projects that are not located in a rural utility service territory. Finally, the bill would support continued research into the environmental sustainability and economics of using biomass for heat and power, and would establish a col-laborative platform for directing this research across the Departments of En-ergy and Agriculture. 
This bill is good for the environment, 
good for rural jobs, and good for stop-ping wildfires before they start. I en-courage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1294 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bioenergy 
Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
IOHEAT .—The term ‘‘bioheat’’ means 
the use of woody biomass to generate heat. 
(2) B IOPOWER .—The term ‘‘biopower’’ 
means the use of woody biomass to generate electricity. 
(3) I
NITIATIVE .—The term ‘‘Initiative’’ 
means the Bioheat and Biopower Initiative established under section 3(a). 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(5) S TATE WOOD ENERGY TEAM .—The term 
‘‘State Wood Energy Team’’ means a collabo-rative group of stakeholders that— 
(A) carry out activities within a State to 
identify sustainable energy applications for woody biomass; and 
(B) has been designated by the State and 
Private Forestry organization of the Forest Service as a State Wood Energy Team. 
SEC. 3. BIOHEAT AND BIOPOWER INITIATIVE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, acting 
jointly with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall establish a collaborative working group, to be known as the ‘‘Bioheat and Biopower Initiative’’, to carry out the duties described in subsection (c). 
(b) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Initiative shall be led 
by a Board of Directors. 
(2) M EMBERSHIP .—The Board of Directors 
shall consist of— 
(A) representatives of the Department of 
Energy and the Department of Agriculture, who shall serve as cochairpersons of the Board; 
(B) a senior officer or employee, each of 
whom shall have a rank that is equivalent to the departmental rank of a representative described in subparagraph (A), of each of— 
(i) the Department of the Interior; (ii) the Environmental Protection Agency; (iii) the National Science Foundation; and (iv) the Office of Science and Technology 
Policy; and 
(C) at the election of the Secretary and the 
Secretary of Agriculture, such other mem-bers as may be appointed by the Secretaries, 
in consultation with the Board. 
(3) M
EETINGS .—The Board of Directors 
shall meet not less frequently than once each quarter. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The Initiative shall— 
(1) coordinate research and development 
activities relating to biopower and bioheat projects— 
(A) between the Department of Agriculture 
and the Department of Energy; and 
(B) with other Federal departments and 
agencies; 
(2) provide recommendations to the De-
partment of Agriculture and the Department of Energy concerning the administration of this Act; and 
(3) ensure that— (A) solicitations are open and competitive 
with respect to applicable annual grant awards; and 
(B) objectives and evaluation criteria of so-
licitations for those awards are clearly stat-ed and minimally prescriptive, with no areas of special interest. 
SEC. 4. GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) D EMONSTRATION GRANTS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish, within the Bioenergy Technologies Office, a program under which the Secretary shall provide grants to relevant projects to support innovation and market development in bioheat and biopower. 
(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this subsection, the owner or operator of a relevant project shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. 
(3) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts made 
available to carry out this section, the Sec-retary shall allocate— 
(A) $15,000,000 to projects that develop in-
novative techniques for preprocessing bio-mass for heat and electricity generation, with the goals of— 
(i) lowering the costs of— (I) distributed preprocessing technologies, 
including technologies designed to promote densification, torrefaction, and the broader commoditization of bioenergy feedstocks; and 
(II) transportation and logistics costs; and (ii) developing technologies and procedures 
that maximize environmental integrity, such as reducing greenhouse gas emissions and local air pollutants and bolstering the health of forest ecosystems and watersheds; and 
(B) $15,000,000 to innovative bioheat and 
biopower demonstration projects, includ-ing— 
(i) district energy projects; (ii) innovation in transportation and logis-
tics; and 
(iii) innovative projects addressing the 
challenges of retrofitting existing coal-fired electricity generation facilities to use bio-mass. 
(4) R
EGIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—In selecting 
projects to receive grants under this sub-section, the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, diverse geo-graphical distribution among the projects. 
(5) C
OST SHARE .—The Federal share of the 
cost of a project carried out using a grant under this subsection shall be 50 percent. 
(6) D
UTIES OF RECIPIENTS .—As a condition 
of receiving a grant under this subsection, the owner or operator of a project shall— 
(A) participate in the applicable working 
group under paragraph (7); 
(B) submit to the Secretary a report that 
includes— 
(i) a description of the project and any rel-
evant findings; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.011 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2797 May 12, 2015 
(ii) such other information as the Sec-
retary determines to be necessary to com-plete the report of the Secretary under para-graph (8); and 
(C) carry out such other activities as the 
Secretary determines to be necessary. 
(7) W
ORKING GROUPS .—The Secretary shall 
establish 2 working groups to share best practices and collaborate in project imple-mentation, of which— 
(A) 1 shall be comprised of representatives 
of feedstock projects that receive grants under paragraph (3)(A); and 
(B) 1 shall comprised of representatives of 
demand and logistics projects that receive grants under paragraph (3)(B). 
(8) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing— 
(A) each project for which a grant has been 
provided under this subsection; 
(B) any findings as a result of those 
projects; and 
(C) the state of market and technology de-
velopment, including market barriers and opportunities. 
(b) T
HERMALLY LED WOOD ENERGY  
GRANTS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Ag-
riculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall establish a program under which the Secretary of Agriculture shall provide grants to support commercially demonstrated thermally led wood energy technologies, with priority given to projects proposed by State Wood Energy Teams. 
(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this subsection, the owner or operator of a relevant project shall submit to the Secretary of Agriculture an application at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary of Agriculture may require. 
(3) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts made 
available to carry out this section, the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall allocate $10,000,000 for feasibility assessments, engi-neering designs, and construction of ther-mally led wood energy systems, including pellet boilers, district energy systems, com-bined heat and power installations, and other technologies. 
(4) R
EGIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—In selecting 
projects to receive grants under this sub-section, the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, diverse geographical distribution among the projects. 
(5) C
OST SHARE .—The Federal share of the 
cost of a project carried out using a grant under this subsection shall be 50 percent. 
ø(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ¿ 
ø(1) $30,000,000 to the Secretary to provide 
grants under subsection (a); and ¿ 
ø(2) $10,000,000 to the Secretary of Agri-
culture to provide grants under subsection (b).¿ 
SEC. 5. LOAN PROGRAMS; STRATEGIC ANALYSIS 
AND RESEARCH. 
(a) L OW-INTEREST LOANS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Ag-
riculture shall establish, within the Rural Development Office, a low-interest loan pro-gram to support construction of thermally led residential, commercial or institutional, and industrial wood energy systems. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The program under 
this subsection shall be carried out in ac-cordance with such requirements as the Sec-retary of Agriculture may establish, by regu-lation, in taking into consideration best practices. 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out this 
subsection $50,000,000. 
(b) E NERGY EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION  
LOANPROGRAM .—In addition to loans under 
subsection (a), thermally led residential, commercial or institutional, and industrial wood energy systems shall be eligible to re-ceive loans under the energy efficiency and conservation loan program of the Depart-ment of Agriculture under section 2 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 902). 
(c) S
TRATEGIC ANALYSIS AND RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
jointly with the Secretary of Agriculture (acting through the Chief of the Forest Serv-ice), shall establish a bioheat and biopower research program— 
(A) the costs of which shall be divided 
equally between the Department of Energy and the Department of Agriculture; 
(B) to be overseen by the Board of Direc-
tors of the Initiative; and 
(C) to carry out projects and activities— (i)(I) to advance research and analysis on 
the environmental, social, and economic costs and benefits of the United States biopower and bioheat industries, including associated lifecycle analysis of greenhouse gas emissions and net energy analysis; and 
(II) to provide recommendations for policy 
and investment in those areas; 
(ii) to identify and assess, through a joint 
effort between the Chief of the Forest Serv-ice and the regional combined heat and power groups of the Department of Energy, the feasibility of thermally led district wood energy opportunities in all regions of the Forest Service regions, including by con-ducting broad regional assessments, feasi-bility studies, and preliminary engineering assessments at individual facilities; and 
(iii)(I) to offer to communities technical 
assistance to explore thermally led wood en-ergy opportunities; and 
(II) to provide enhanced services to smaller 
communities that have limited resources and capacity to pursue new thermally led wood energy opportunities. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary and the Secretary of Agri-culture— 
(A) $2,000,000 to carry out paragraph 
(1)(C)(i); 
(B) $1,000,000 to carry out paragraph 
(1)(C)(ii); and 
(C) $1,000,000 to carry out paragraph 
(1)(C)(iii). 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. 
COLLINS , and Mr. R EID): 
S. 1299. A bill to revise and extend 
provisions under the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to be joined by Senators M
UR-
KOWSKI , UDALL , DURBIN , COONS , W AR-
REN, S CHATZ , H EINRICH , D ONNELLY , 
AYOTTE , K LOBUCHAR , B LUMENTHAL , 
STABENOW , TESTER , HIRONO , MERKLEY , 
SANDERS , GRASSLEY , COLLINS , and R EID 
in the introduction of the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act Reauthorization. This legislation is named for the son 
of our former colleague, Senator Gor-don Smith, who took his own life at the young age of 22. After this tragedy, Senator Smith worked to gain the sup-port of members across the aisle and in both chambers to prevent other chil-dren from doing the same with passage of the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act in 2004. 
Although great strides have been 
made over the last decade, suicide re-
mains the third-leading cause of death for adolescents and young adults be-tween the ages of 10 and 24. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC, youth suicide results in approximately 4,600 lives lost each year. Additionally, the CDC reports that 157,000 young adults in this age group are treated for self-inflicted inju-ries annually, often as the result of a failed suicide attempt. 
More work must be done to address 
the mental and behavioral health of children and young adults before they hurt themselves and others. Parents also need help in identifying early warning signs of mental illness and ac-cessing the appropriate treatment be-fore it is too late. 
The Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act 
authorizes critical resources for schools—elementary schools through college where children and young adults spend most of their time—to be able to reach at-risk youth. Since 2005, this law has supported 370 youth sui-cide prevention grants in all 50 States, 46 tribes or tribal organizations, and 175 institutions of higher education. 
The bill my colleagues and I are in-
troducing today, with the support of over 40 member organizations of the Mental Health Liaison Group, would increase the authorized grant level to States, tribes, and college campuses for the implementation of proven pro-grams and initiatives designed to ad-dress mental illness and reduce youth suicide. It will enable more schools to offer critical services to students and provide greater flexibility in the use of funds, particularly on college cam-puses. This change to the Campus Sui-cide Prevention Program comes at a vital time. 
Over the last decade, we have seen an 
increasing trend in the number of stu-dents seeking help for mental health issues on college campuses. Of these students seeking services for mental health issues, over 30 percent report that they have seriously considered at-tempting suicide at some point in their lives. With more students seeking men-tal health services, we must work to ensure that college and university counseling centers are equipped with the necessary tools to meet this de-mand. 
We can play a role in helping these 
children and their families. Indeed, passing the Garrett Lee Smith Memo-rial Act Reauthorization is one way we can better address the mental health needs of this population. I urge our col-leagues to work with us to pass this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.013 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2798 May 12, 2015 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. 
CORKER ): 
S. 1300. A bill to amend the section 
221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive fami-lies from immigrant visa feeds in cer-tain situations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise to introduce the Adoptive Family Relief Act, which would provide sup-port and relief to American families seeking to bring their adoptive chil-dren from the Democratic Republic of Congo home to the U.S. It would also provide relief to similarly situated adoptive families should barriers arise in other countries in the future. I thank my colleagues, Senators R
ON 
JOHNSON , C HUCK GRASSLEY , M ITCH 
MCCONNELL , AMYKLOBUCHAR , BARBARA  
BOXER , and B OBCORKER for joining me 
as original cosponsors. 
Within the past few years, over 350 
American families have successfully adopted children from the Democratic Republic of Congo. However, since Sep-tember 25, 2013, they have not been able to bring their adoptive children home to the United States because the Democratic Republic of Congo sus-pended the issuance of ‘‘exit permits’’ for these children until its parliament passes new laws regarding inter-national adoption. These exit permits are necessary for adopted children to leave the Democratic Republic of Congo and be united with their Amer-ican families in the U.S. As the permit suspension drags on, however, Amer-ican families are repeatedly paying visa renewal and related fees, while also continuing to be separated from their adopted kids. 
The Adoptive Families Relief Act 
would grant flexibility to the United States Department of State to waive immigrant visa renewal fees for adop-tive American parents in extraordinary circumstances like this, where the cause of delay is due to factors not in the control of the child or parents. The Department of State is fully supportive of this legislation and is eager to pro-vide some relief to the many families who are affected. 
Under current law, adopted children 
from abroad must secure U.S. immi-grant visas in order to travel to the United States to unite with their adop-tive parents. However, these visas ex-pire after 6 months. Ordinarily, such visas are used within the allotted 6 months. However, in rare cir-cumstances, such as the suspension of exit permits in the Democratic Repub-lic of Congo, adopted children are pro-hibited from leaving their country of birth and cannot use their U.S.-issued visas within the prescribed timeframe. 
Adoptive parents consequently pay 
$325 in visa renewal fees every 6 months if they want to preserve the va-lidity of their adopted child’s visa to travel to the U.S. To renew the visa, the child must also complete another 
medical exam, which costs the child’s adoptive family approximately $200. Many families from across the country have already paid for at least three visas, which amounts to $975 per child, plus costs for medical exams. Addition-ally, many families are also paying monthly childcare or foster care fees, 
and some families have adopted more than one child. So, in addition to the emotional stress of being separated from their adoptive children, American parents face a financial burden while the situation goes unresolved. 
This bill would not change any of the 
substantive requirements for issuance of a renewed visa, such as necessary medical exams and background checks. It simply allows the Department of State to waive the visa renewal fee to alleviate the financial burden imposed on American families to renew their child’s visa, and reimburses those who have already renewed their child’s visa since the exit permit suspension. 
The Department of State does not 
anticipate this waiver authority to be used broadly based on its past experi-ences and its other adoption programs abroad. The bill would not be a finan-cial burden on the United States. Ac-cording to the State Department, once the initial visa, which the parents must pay for, is issued, the subsequent work for consular officers involved with renewing a visa is relatively quick and simple. The work involved to renew the visa therefore does not amount to the full cost of the visa re-newal fee, so the State Department maintains it would not impact its con-sular resources. 
This legislation builds on the efforts 
of other members who have tried to re-solve the Democratic Republic of Con-go’s exit permit suspension in various ways. Last April, 171 Members of Con-gress sent a letter to Democratic Re-public of Congo President Joseph Kabila asking for his intervention. In June of 2014, 167 Members of Congress also sent a letter to President Obama requesting his outreach to President Kabila to resolve this situation. Mem-bers of Congress sent a letter to the Democratic Republic of Congo Par-liament offering technical assistance on October 28, 2014, and the Senate passed S. Res. 502 in the 113th Congress, concerning the Democratic Republic of Congo’s suspension of exit permits for Congolese adopted children. This year, the Senate passed an amendment to promote the return of legally adopted children from the Democratic Republic of Congo. My Senate colleagues and our staff have met with our constitu-ents directly affected by the Demo-cratic Republic of Congo’s exit permit suspension, and heard their call for help. Furthermore, I, and other Sen-ators, have also had individual meet-ings with Congolese Ambassador to the U.S., Faida Mitifu. 
However, since the exit permit sus-
pension continues despite these efforts, it is imperative to bring some relief to our American adoptive parents. While 
we continue to urge the Democratic Republic of Congo to lift its exit per-mit suspension, I urge my colleagues to pass the Adoptive Family Relief Act to provide some relief to American fami-lies caught powerless in this difficult situation. Should other adoptive par-ents face similar obstacles in the fu-ture with their adoption process in other countries, this bill will also serve as a source of relief to them. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 178—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL NURSES WEEK FROM MAY 6, 2015, THROUGH MAY 12, 2015 
Mr. MERKLEY submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 178 
Whereas, since 1991, National Nurses Week 
is celebrated annually from May 6, also known as National Recognition Day for Nurses, through May 12, the birthday of Florence Nightingale, the founder of modern nursing; 
Whereas National Nurses Week is a time of 
year to reflect on the important contribu-tions that nurses make to provide safe, high- quality health care; 
Whereas nurses are known to be patient 
advocates, acting fearlessly to protect the lives of those under the care of nurses; 
Whereas nurses represent the largest single 
component of the health care profession, with an estimated population of 3,100,000 reg-istered nurses in the United States; 
Whereas nurses are leading in the delivery 
of quality care in a transformed health care system that improves patient outcomes and safety; 
Whereas the Future of Nursing report of 
the Institute of Medicine has called for the nursing profession to meet the call for lead-ership in a team-based delivery model; 
Whereas, when nurse staffing levels in-
crease, the risk of patient complications and lengthy hospital stays decreases, resulting in cost savings; 
Whereas nurses are experienced research-
ers, and the work of nurses encompasses a wide scope of scientific inquiry, including clinical research, health systems and out-comes research, and nursing education re-search; 
Whereas nurses provide culturally and eth-
nically competent care and are educated to be sensitive to the regional and community customs of persons needing care; 
Whereas nurses are well-positioned to pro-
vide leadership to eliminate health care dis-parities that exist in the United States; 
Whereas nurses are the cornerstone of the 
public health infrastructure, promoting healthy lifestyles and educating commu-nities on disease prevention and health pro-motion; 
Whereas nurses are strong allies to Con-
gress as they help inform, educate, and work closely with legislators to improve the edu-cation, retention, recruitment, and practice of all nurses and, more importantly, the health and safety of the patients for whom they care; 
Whereas increased Federal and State in-
vestment is needed to support programs such as the Nursing Workforce Development Pro-grams (authorized under title VIII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.016 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2799 May 12, 2015 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296 et 
seq.)), which bolster the nursing workforce at all levels, to increase the number of doctorally prepared faculty members, and to educate more nurse research scientists who can discover new nursing care models to im-prove the health status of the diverse popu-lation of the United States; 
Whereas nurses touch the lives of the peo-
ple of the United States from birth to the end of life; and 
Whereas nursing has been voted as the 
most honest and ethical profession in the United States for the past 13 years: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional Nurses Week, as founded by the Amer-ican Nurses Association; 
(2) recognizes the significant contributions 
of nurses to the health care system of the United States; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe National Nurses Week with appropriate recognition, ceremonies, activi-ties, and programs to demonstrate the im-portance of nurses to the everyday lives of patients. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1221. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1221. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—TRADE PROMOTION 
AUTHORITY 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Trade negotiating objectives. Sec. 103. Trade agreements authority. Sec. 104. Congressional oversight, consulta-
tions, and access to informa-tion. 
Sec. 105. Notice, consultations, and reports. Sec. 106. Implementation of trade agree-
ments. 
Sec. 107. Treatment of certain trade agree-
ments for which negotiations have already begun. 
Sec. 108. Sovereignty. Sec. 109. Interests of small businesses. Sec. 110. Conforming amendments; applica-
tion of certain provisions. 
Sec. 111. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
Sec. 202. Application of provisions relating 
to trade adjustment assistance. Sec. 203. Extension of trade adjustment as-
sistance program. 
Sec. 204. Performance measurement and re-
porting. 
Sec. 205. Applicability of trade adjustment 
assistance provisions. 
Sec. 206. Sunset provisions. Sec. 207. Extension and modification of 
Health Coverage Tax Credit. 
Sec. 208. Customs user fees. Sec. 209. Child tax credit not refundable for 
taxpayers electing to exclude foreign earned income from tax. 
Sec. 210. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 211. Coverage and payment for renal di-
alysis services for individuals with acute kidney injury. 
Sec. 212. Modification of the Medicare se-
quester for fiscal year 2024. 
TITLE I—TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan 
Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVES. 
(a) O VERALL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJEC-
TIVES .—The overall trade negotiating objec-
tives of the United States for agreements subject to the provisions of section 103 are— 
(1) to obtain more open, equitable, and re-
ciprocal market access; 
(2) to obtain the reduction or elimination 
of barriers and distortions that are directly related to trade and investment and that de-crease market opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; 
(3) to further strengthen the system of 
international trade and investment dis-ciplines and procedures, including dispute settlement; 
(4) to foster economic growth, raise living 
standards, enhance the competitiveness of the United States, promote full employment in the United States, and enhance the global economy; 
(5) to ensure that trade and environmental 
policies are mutually supportive and to seek to protect and preserve the environment and enhance the international means of doing so, while optimizing the use of the world’s re-sources; 
(6) to promote respect for worker rights 
and the rights of children consistent with core labor standards of the ILO (as set out in section 111(7)) and an understanding of the relationship between trade and worker rights; 
(7) to seek provisions in trade agreements 
under which parties to those agreements en-sure that they do not weaken or reduce the protections afforded in domestic environ-mental and labor laws as an encouragement for trade; 
(8) to ensure that trade agreements afford 
small businesses equal access to inter-national markets, equitable trade benefits, and expanded export market opportunities, and provide for the reduction or elimination of trade and investment barriers that dis-proportionately impact small businesses; 
(9) to promote universal ratification and 
full compliance with ILO Convention No. 182 Concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor; 
(10) to ensure that trade agreements reflect 
and facilitate the increasingly interrelated, multi-sectoral nature of trade and invest-ment activity; 
(11) to recognize the growing significance 
of the Internet as a trading platform in international commerce; and 
(12) to take into account other legitimate 
United States domestic objectives, includ-ing, but not limited to, the protection of le-gitimate health or safety, essential security, 
and consumer interests and the law and reg-ulations related thereto. 
(b) P
RINCIPAL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJEC-
TIVES .— 
(1) T RADE IN GOODS .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States regard-ing trade in goods are— 
(A) to expand competitive market opportu-
nities for exports of goods from the United States and to obtain fairer and more open conditions of trade, including through the utilization of global value chains, by reduc-ing or eliminating tariff and nontariff bar-riers and policies and practices of foreign governments directly related to trade that decrease market opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; and 
(B) to obtain reciprocal tariff and nontariff 
barrier elimination agreements, including with respect to those tariff categories cov-ered in section 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(2) T
RADE IN SERVICES .—(A) The principal 
negotiating objective of the United States regarding trade in services is to expand com-petitive market opportunities for United States services and to obtain fairer and more open conditions of trade, including through utilization of global value chains, by reduc-ing or eliminating barriers to international trade in services, such as regulatory and other barriers that deny national treatment and market access or unreasonably restrict the establishment or operations of service suppliers. 
(B) Recognizing that expansion of trade in 
services generates benefits for all sectors of the economy and facilitates trade, the objec-tive described in subparagraph (A) should be pursued through all means, including through a plurilateral agreement with those 
countries willing and able to undertake high standard services commitments for both ex-isting and new services. 
(3) T
RADE IN AGRICULTURE .—The principal 
negotiating objective of the United States with respect to agriculture is to obtain com-petitive opportunities for United States ex-ports of agricultural commodities in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in bulk, specialty crop, and value added commodities by— 
(A) securing more open and equitable mar-
ket access through robust rules on sanitary and phytosanitary measures that— 
(i) encourage the adoption of international 
standards and require a science-based jus-tification be provided for a sanitary or phytosanitary measure if the measure is more restrictive than the applicable inter-national standard; 
(ii) improve regulatory coherence, promote 
the use of systems-based approaches, and ap-propriately recognize the equivalence of health and safety protection systems of ex-porting countries; 
(iii) require that measures are trans-
parently developed and implemented, are based on risk assessments that take into ac-count relevant international guidelines and scientific data, and are not more restrictive on trade than necessary to meet the in-tended purpose; and 
(iv) improve import check processes, in-
cluding testing methodologies and proce-dures, and certification requirements, 
while recognizing that countries may put in 
place measures to protect human, animal, or plant life or health in a manner consistent with their international obligations, includ-ing the WTO Agreement on the Application 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.017 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2800 May 12, 2015 
of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (re-
ferred to in section 101(d)(3) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(3))); 
(B) reducing or eliminating, by a date cer-
tain, tariffs or other charges that decrease market opportunities for United States ex-ports— 
(i) giving priority to those products that 
are subject to significantly higher tariffs or subsidy regimes of major producing coun-tries; and 
(ii) providing reasonable adjustment peri-
ods for United States import sensitive prod-ucts, in close consultation with Congress on such products before initiating tariff reduc-tion negotiations; 
(C) reducing tariffs to levels that are the 
same as or lower than those in the United States; 
(D) reducing or eliminating subsidies that 
decrease market opportunities for United States exports or unfairly distort agriculture markets to the detriment of the United States; 
(E) allowing the preservation of programs 
that support family farms and rural commu-nities but do not distort trade; 
(F) developing disciplines for domestic sup-
port programs, so that production that is in excess of domestic food security needs is sold at world prices; 
(G) eliminating government policies that 
create price depressing surpluses; 
(H) eliminating state trading enterprises 
whenever possible; 
(I) developing, strengthening, and clari-
fying rules to eliminate practices that un-fairly decrease United States market access opportunities or distort agricultural mar-kets to the detriment of the United States, and ensuring that such rules are subject to efficient, timely, and effective dispute settle-ment, including— 
(i) unfair or trade distorting activities of 
state trading enterprises and other adminis-trative mechanisms, with emphasis on re-quiring price transparency in the operation of state trading enterprises and such other mechanisms in order to end cross subsidiza-tion, price discrimination, and price under-cutting; 
(ii) unjustified trade restrictions or com-
mercial requirements, such as labeling, that affect new technologies, including bio-technology; 
(iii) unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary 
restrictions, including restrictions not based on scientific principles in contravention of obligations in the Uruguay Round Agree-ments or bilateral or regional trade agree-ments; 
(iv) other unjustified technical barriers to 
trade; and 
(v) restrictive rules in the administration 
of tariff rate quotas; 
(J) eliminating practices that adversely af-
fect trade in perishable or cyclical products, while improving import relief mechanisms to recognize the unique characteristics of per-ishable and cyclical agriculture; 
(K) ensuring that import relief mecha-
nisms for perishable and cyclical agriculture are as accessible and timely to growers in the United States as those mechanisms that are used by other countries; 
(L) taking into account whether a party to 
the negotiations has failed to adhere to the provisions of already existing trade agree-ments with the United States or has cir-cumvented obligations under those agree-ments; 
(M) taking into account whether a product 
is subject to market distortions by reason of a failure of a major producing country to ad-here to the provisions of already existing trade agreements with the United States or by the circumvention by that country of its obligations under those agreements; (N) otherwise ensuring that countries that 
accede to the World Trade Organization have made meaningful market liberalization com-mitments in agriculture; 
(O) taking into account the impact that 
agreements covering agriculture to which the United States is a party have on the United States agricultural industry; 
(P) maintaining bona fide food assistance 
programs, market development programs, and export credit programs; 
(Q) seeking to secure the broadest market 
access possible in multilateral, regional, and bilateral negotiations, recognizing the effect that simultaneous sets of negotiations may have on United States import sensitive com-modities (including those subject to tariff rate quotas); 
(R) seeking to develop an international 
consensus on the treatment of seasonal or perishable agricultural products in inves-tigations relating to dumping and safeguards and in any other relevant area; 
(S) seeking to establish the common base 
year for calculating the Aggregated Meas-urement of Support (as defined in the Agree-ment on Agriculture) as the end of each country’s Uruguay Round implementation period, as reported in each country’s Uru-guay Round market access schedule; 
(T) ensuring transparency in the adminis-
tration of tariff rate quotas through multi-lateral, plurilateral, and bilateral negotia-tions; and 
(U) eliminating and preventing the under-
mining of market access for United States products through improper use of a country’s system for protecting or recognizing geo-graphical indications, including failing to ensure transparency and procedural fairness and protecting generic terms. 
(4) F
OREIGN INVESTMENT .—Recognizing that 
United States law on the whole provides a high level of protection for investment, con-sistent with or greater than the level re-quired by international law, the principal ne-gotiating objectives of the United States re-garding foreign investment are to reduce or eliminate artificial or trade distorting bar-riers to foreign investment, while ensuring that foreign investors in the United States are not accorded greater substantive rights with respect to investment protections than United States investors in the United States, and to secure for investors important rights comparable to those that would be available under United States legal principles and practice, by— 
(A) reducing or eliminating exceptions to 
the principle of national treatment; 
(B) freeing the transfer of funds relating to 
investments; 
(C) reducing or eliminating performance 
requirements, forced technology transfers, and other unreasonable barriers to the estab-lishment and operation of investments; 
(D) seeking to establish standards for ex-
propriation and compensation for expropria-tion, consistent with United States legal principles and practice; 
(E) seeking to establish standards for fair 
and equitable treatment, consistent with United States legal principles and practice, including the principle of due process; 
(F) providing meaningful procedures for re-
solving investment disputes; 
(G) seeking to improve mechanisms used to 
resolve disputes between an investor and a government through— 
(i) mechanisms to eliminate frivolous 
claims and to deter the filing of frivolous claims; 
(ii) procedures to ensure the efficient selec-
tion of arbitrators and the expeditious dis-position of claims; 
(iii) procedures to enhance opportunities 
for public input into the formulation of gov-ernment positions; and (iv) providing for an appellate body or 
similar mechanism to provide coherence to the interpretations of investment provisions in trade agreements; and 
(H) ensuring the fullest measure of trans-
parency in the dispute settlement mecha-nism, to the extent consistent with the need to protect information that is classified or business confidential, by— 
(i) ensuring that all requests for dispute 
settlement are promptly made public; 
(ii) ensuring that— (I) all proceedings, submissions, findings, 
and decisions are promptly made public; and 
(II) all hearings are open to the public; and (iii) establishing a mechanism for accept-
ance of amicus curiae submissions from busi-nesses, unions, and nongovernmental organi-zations. 
(5) I
NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States 
regarding trade-related intellectual property are— 
(A) to further promote adequate and effec-
tive protection of intellectual property rights, including through— 
(i)(I) ensuring accelerated and full imple-
mentation of the Agreement on Trade-Re-lated Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights referred to in section 101(d)(15) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(15)), particularly with respect to meeting enforcement obligations under that agreement; and 
(II) ensuring that the provisions of any 
trade agreement governing intellectual prop-erty rights that is entered into by the United States reflect a standard of protection simi-lar to that found in United States law; 
(ii) providing strong protection for new and 
emerging technologies and new methods of transmitting and distributing products em-bodying intellectual property, including in a manner that facilitates legitimate digital trade; 
(iii) preventing or eliminating discrimina-
tion with respect to matters affecting the availability, acquisition, scope, mainte-nance, use, and enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
(iv) ensuring that standards of protection 
and enforcement keep pace with techno-logical developments, and in particular en-suring that rightholders have the legal and technological means to control the use of their works through the Internet and other global communication media, and to prevent the unauthorized use of their works; 
(v) providing strong enforcement of intel-
lectual property rights, including through accessible, expeditious, and effective civil, administrative, and criminal enforcement mechanisms; and 
(vi) preventing or eliminating government 
involvement in the violation of intellectual property rights, including cyber theft and pi-racy; 
(B) to secure fair, equitable, and non-
discriminatory market access opportunities for United States persons that rely upon in-tellectual property protection; and 
(C) to respect the Declaration on the 
TRIPS Agreement and Public Health, adopt-ed by the World Trade Organization at the Fourth Ministerial Conference at Doha, Qatar on November 14, 2001, and to ensure that trade agreements foster innovation and promote access to medicines. 
(6) D
IGITAL TRADE IN GOODS AND SERVICES  
AND CROSS -BORDER DATA FLOWS .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to digital trade in goods and services, as well as cross-border data flows, are— 
(A) to ensure that current obligations, 
rules, disciplines, and commitments under the World Trade Organization and bilateral 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2801 May 12, 2015 
and regional trade agreements apply to dig-
ital trade in goods and services and to cross- border data flows; 
(B) to ensure that— (i) electronically delivered goods and serv-
ices receive no less favorable treatment under trade rules and commitments than like products delivered in physical form; and 
(ii) the classification of such goods and 
services ensures the most liberal trade treat-ment possible, fully encompassing both ex-isting and new trade; 
(C) to ensure that governments refrain 
from implementing trade-related measures that impede digital trade in goods and serv-ices, restrict cross-border data flows, or re-quire local storage or processing of data; 
(D) with respect to subparagraphs (A) 
through (C), where legitimate policy objec-tives require domestic regulations that af-fect digital trade in goods and services or 
cross-border data flows, to obtain commit-ments that any such regulations are the least restrictive on trade, nondiscrim-inatory, and transparent, and promote an open market environment; and 
(E) to extend the moratorium of the World 
Trade Organization on duties on electronic transmissions. 
(7) R
EGULATORY PRACTICES .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States regarding the use of government regulation or other practices to reduce market access for United States goods, services, and invest-ments are— 
(A) to achieve increased transparency and 
opportunity for the participation of affected parties in the development of regulations; 
(B) to require that proposed regulations be 
based on sound science, cost benefit analysis, risk assessment, or other objective evidence; 
(C) to establish consultative mechanisms 
and seek other commitments, as appropriate, to improve regulatory practices and promote increased regulatory coherence, including through— 
(i) transparency in developing guidelines, 
rules, regulations, and laws for government procurement and other regulatory regimes; 
(ii) the elimination of redundancies in test-
ing and certification; 
(iii) early consultations on significant reg-
ulations; 
(iv) the use of impact assessments; (v) the periodic review of existing regu-
latory measures; and 
(vi) the application of good regulatory 
practices; 
(D) to seek greater openness, transparency, 
and convergence of standards development processes, and enhance cooperation on stand-ards issues globally; 
(E) to promote regulatory compatibility 
through harmonization, equivalence, or mu-tual recognition of different regulations and standards and to encourage the use of inter-national and interoperable standards, as ap-propriate; 
(F) to achieve the elimination of govern-
ment measures such as price controls and reference pricing which deny full market ac-cess for United States products; 
(G) to ensure that government regulatory 
reimbursement regimes are transparent, pro-vide procedural fairness, are nondiscrim-inatory, and provide full market access for United States products; and 
(H) to ensure that foreign governments— (i) demonstrate that the collection of un-
disclosed proprietary information is limited to that necessary to satisfy a legitimate and justifiable regulatory interest; and 
(ii) protect such information against dis-
closure, except in exceptional circumstances to protect the public, or where such informa-tion is effectively protected against unfair competition. (8) S
TATE -OWNED AND STATE -CONTROLLED  
ENTERPRISES .—The principal negotiating ob-
jective of the United States regarding com-petition by state-owned and state-controlled enterprises is to seek commitments that— 
(A) eliminate or prevent trade distortions 
and unfair competition favoring state-owned and state-controlled enterprises to the ex-tent of their engagement in commercial ac-tivity, and 
(B) ensure that such engagement is based 
solely on commercial considerations, in particular through disciplines that elimi-nate or prevent discrimination and market- distorting subsidies and that promote trans-parency. 
(9) L
OCALIZATION BARRIERS TO TRADE .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to localization barriers is to eliminate and prevent measures that re-quire United States producers and service providers to locate facilities, intellectual property, or other assets in a country as a market access or investment condition, in-cluding indigenous innovation measures. 
(10) L
ABOR AND THE ENVIRONMENT .—The 
principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to labor and the environment are— 
(A) to ensure that a party to a trade agree-
ment with the United States— 
(i) adopts and maintains measures imple-
menting internationally recognized core labor standards (as defined in section 111(17)) and its obligations under common multilat-eral environmental agreements (as defined in section 111(6)), 
(ii) does not waive or otherwise derogate 
from, or offer to waive or otherwise derogate from— 
(I) its statutes or regulations imple-
menting internationally recognized core labor standards (as defined in section 111(17)), in a manner affecting trade or in-vestment between the United States and that party, where the waiver or derogation would be inconsistent with one or more such standards, or 
(II) its environmental laws in a manner 
that weakens or reduces the protections af-forded in those laws and in a manner affect-ing trade or investment between the United States and that party, except as provided in its law and provided not inconsistent with its obligations under common multilateral environmental agreements (as defined in sec-tion 111(6)) or other provisions of the trade agreement specifically agreed upon, and 
(iii) does not fail to effectively enforce its 
environmental or labor laws, through a sus-tained or recurring course of action or inac-tion, 
in a manner affecting trade or investment 
between the United States and that party after entry into force of a trade agreement between those countries; 
(B) to recognize that— (i) with respect to environment, parties to 
a trade agreement retain the right to exer-cise prosecutorial discretion and to make de-cisions regarding the allocation of enforce-ment resources with respect to other envi-ronmental laws determined to have higher priorities, and a party is effectively enforc-ing its laws if a course of action or inaction reflects a reasonable, bona fide exercise of such discretion, or results from a reasonable, bona fide decision regarding the allocation of resources; and 
(ii) with respect to labor, decisions regard-
ing the distribution of enforcement resources are not a reason for not complying with a party’s labor obligations; a party to a trade agreement retains the right to reasonable exercise of discretion and to make bona fide decisions regarding the allocation of re-sources between labor enforcement activities among core labor standards, provided the ex-
ercise of such discretion and such decisions are not inconsistent with its obligations; 
(C) to strengthen the capacity of United 
States trading partners to promote respect for core labor standards (as defined in sec-tion 111(7)); 
(D) to strengthen the capacity of United 
States trading partners to protect the envi-ronment through the promotion of sustain-able development; 
(E) to reduce or eliminate government 
practices or policies that unduly threaten sustainable development; 
(F) to seek market access, through the 
elimination of tariffs and nontariff barriers, for United States environmental tech-nologies, goods, and services; 
(G) to ensure that labor, environmental, 
health, or safety policies and practices of the parties to trade agreements with the United States do not arbitrarily or unjustifiably dis-criminate against United States exports or serve as disguised barriers to trade; 
(H) to ensure that enforceable labor and 
environment obligations are subject to the same dispute settlement and remedies as other enforceable obligations under the agreement; and 
(I) to ensure that a trade agreement is not 
construed to empower a party’s authorities to undertake labor or environmental law en-forcement activities in the territory of the United States. 
(11) C
URRENCY .—The principal negotiating 
objective of the United States with respect to currency practices is that parties to a trade agreement with the United States avoid manipulating exchange rates in order to prevent effective balance of payments ad-justment or to gain an unfair competitive advantage over other parties to the agree-ment, such as through cooperative mecha-nisms, enforceable rules, reporting, moni-toring, transparency, or other means, as ap-propriate. 
(12) WTO 
AND MULTILATERAL TRADE AGREE -
MENTS .—Recognizing that the World Trade 
Organization is the foundation of the global trading system, the principal negotiating ob-jectives of the United States regarding the World Trade Organization, the Uruguay Round Agreements, and other multilateral and plurilateral trade agreements are— 
(A) to achieve full implementation and ex-
tend the coverage of the World Trade Organi-zation and multilateral and plurilateral agreements to products, sectors, and condi-tions of trade not adequately covered; 
(B) to expand country participation in and 
enhancement of the Information Technology 
Agreement, the Government Procurement Agreement, and other plurilateral trade agreements of the World Trade Organization; 
(C) to expand competitive market opportu-
nities for United States exports and to ob-tain fairer and more open conditions of trade, including through utilization of global value chains, through the negotiation of new WTO multilateral and plurilateral trade agreements, such as an agreement on trade facilitation; 
(D) to ensure that regional trade agree-
ments to which the United States is not a party fully achieve the high standards of, and comply with, WTO disciplines, including Article XXIV of GATT 1994, Article V and V bis of the General Agreement on Trade in Services, and the Enabling Clause, including through meaningful WTO review of such re-gional trade agreements; 
(E) to enhance compliance by WTO mem-
bers with their obligations as WTO members through active participation in the bodies of the World Trade Organization by the United States and all other WTO members, includ-ing in the trade policy review mechanism and the committee system of the World 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2802 May 12, 2015 
Trade Organization, and by working to in-
crease the effectiveness of such bodies; and 
(F) to encourage greater cooperation be-
tween the World Trade Organization and other international organizations. 
(13) T
RADE INSTITUTION TRANSPARENCY .— 
The principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to transparency is to obtain wider and broader application of the principle of transparency in the World Trade Organization, entities established under bilateral and regional trade agree-ments, and other international trade fora through seeking— 
(A) timely public access to information re-
garding trade issues and the activities of such institutions; 
(B) openness by ensuring public access to 
appropriate meetings, proceedings, and sub-missions, including with regard to trade and investment dispute settlement; and 
(C) public access to all notifications and 
supporting documentation submitted by WTO members. 
(14) A
NTI-CORRUPTION .—The principal nego-
tiating objectives of the United States with respect to the use of money or other things of value to influence acts, decisions, or omis-sions of foreign governments or officials or to secure any improper advantage in a man-ner affecting trade are— 
(A) to obtain high standards and effective 
domestic enforcement mechanisms applica-ble to persons from all countries partici-pating in the applicable trade agreement that prohibit such attempts to influence acts, decisions, or omissions of foreign gov-ernments or officials or to secure any such improper advantage; 
(B) to ensure that such standards level the 
playing field for United States persons in international trade and investment; and 
(C) to seek commitments to work jointly 
to encourage and support anti-corruption and anti-bribery initiatives in international trade fora, including through the Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Offi-cials in International Business Transactions of the Organization for Economic Coopera-tion and Development, done at Paris Decem-ber 17, 1997 (commonly known as the ‘‘OECD Anti-Bribery Convention’’). 
(15) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT AND ENFORCE -
MENT .—The principal negotiating objectives 
of the United States with respect to dispute settlement and enforcement of trade agree-ments are— 
(A) to seek provisions in trade agreements 
providing for resolution of disputes between governments under those trade agreements in an effective, timely, transparent, equi-
table, and reasoned manner, requiring deter-minations based on facts and the principles of the agreements, with the goal of increas-ing compliance with the agreements; 
(B) to seek to strengthen the capacity of 
the Trade Policy Review Mechanism of the World Trade Organization to review compli-ance with commitments; 
(C) to seek adherence by panels convened 
under the Dispute Settlement Understanding and by the Appellate Body to— 
(i) the mandate of those panels and the Ap-
pellate Body to apply the WTO Agreement as written, without adding to or diminishing rights and obligations under the Agreement; and 
(ii) the standard of review applicable under 
the Uruguay Round Agreement involved in the dispute, including greater deference, where appropriate, to the fact finding and technical expertise of national investigating authorities; 
(D) to seek provisions encouraging the 
early identification and settlement of dis-putes through consultation; 
(E) to seek provisions to encourage the 
provision of trade-expanding compensation if a party to a dispute under the agreement 
does not come into compliance with its obli-gations under the agreement; 
(F) to seek provisions to impose a penalty 
upon a party to a dispute under the agree-ment that— 
(i) encourages compliance with the obliga-
tions of the agreement; 
(ii) is appropriate to the parties, nature, 
subject matter, and scope of the violation; and 
(iii) has the aim of not adversely affecting 
parties or interests not party to the dispute while maintaining the effectiveness of the enforcement mechanism; and 
(G) to seek provisions that treat United 
States principal negotiating objectives equally with respect to— 
(i) the ability to resort to dispute settle-
ment under the applicable agreement; 
(ii) the availability of equivalent dispute 
settlement procedures; and 
(iii) the availability of equivalent rem-
edies. 
(16) T
RADE REMEDY LAWS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade remedy laws are— 
(A) to preserve the ability of the United 
States to enforce rigorously its trade laws, including the antidumping, countervailing duty, and safeguard laws, and avoid agree-ments that lessen the effectiveness of domes-tic and international disciplines on unfair trade, especially dumping and subsidies, or that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international safeguard provisions, in order to ensure that United States workers, agri-cultural producers, and firms can compete fully on fair terms and enjoy the benefits of reciprocal trade concessions; and 
(B) to address and remedy market distor-
tions that lead to dumping and subsidiza-tion, including overcapacity, cartelization, and market access barriers. 
(17) B
ORDER TAXES .—The principal negoti-
ating objective of the United States regard-ing border taxes is to obtain a revision of the rules of the World Trade Organization with respect to the treatment of border adjust-ments for internal taxes to redress the dis-advantage to countries relying primarily on direct taxes for revenue rather than indirect taxes. 
(18) T
EXTILE NEGOTIATIONS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in textiles and apparel articles are to obtain competitive opportuni-ties for United States exports of textiles and apparel in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports in United States 
markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in textiles and apparel. 
(19) C
OMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—With respect to an agree-
ment that is proposed to be entered into with the Transatlantic Trade and Invest-ment Partnership countries and to which section 103(b) will apply, the principal nego-tiating objectives of the United States re-garding commercial partnerships are the fol-lowing: 
(i) To discourage actions by potential trad-
ing partners that directly or indirectly prej-udice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
(ii) To discourage politically motivated ac-
tions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel and to seek the elimination of politi-cally motivated nontariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on the State of Israel. 
(iii) To seek the elimination of state-spon-
sored unsanctioned foreign boycotts against Israel or compliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel by prospective trading partners. (B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel’’ means actions by states, non-member states of the United Nations, international organizations, or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial rela-tions specifically with Israel or persons doing business in Israel or in Israeli-con-trolled territories. 
(20) G
OOD GOVERNANCE , TRANSPARENCY , THE 
EFFECTIVE OPERATION OF LEGAL REGIMES , AND 
THE RULE OF LAW OF TRADING PARTNERS .—The 
principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to ensuring im-plementation of trade commitments and ob-ligations by strengthening good governance, transparency, the effective operation of legal regimes and the rule of law of trading part-ners of the United States is through capacity building and other appropriate means, which are important parts of the broader effort to create more open democratic societies and to promote respect for internationally recog-nized human rights. 
(c) C
APACITY BUILDING AND OTHER PRIOR-
ITIES .—In order to address and maintain 
United States competitiveness in the global economy, the President shall— 
(1) direct the heads of relevant Federal 
agencies— 
(A) to work to strengthen the capacity of 
United States trading partners to carry out obligations under trade agreements by con-sulting with any country seeking a trade agreement with the United States con-cerning that country’s laws relating to cus-toms and trade facilitation, sanitary and phytosanitary measures, technical barriers to trade, intellectual property rights, labor, and the environment; and 
(B) to provide technical assistance to that 
country if needed; 
(2) seek to establish consultative mecha-
nisms among parties to trade agreements to strengthen the capacity of United States trading partners to develop and implement standards for the protection of the environ-ment and human health based on sound science; 
(3) promote consideration of multilateral 
environmental agreements and consult with 
parties to such agreements regarding the consistency of any such agreement that in-cludes trade measures with existing environ-mental exceptions under Article XX of GATT 1994; and 
(4) submit to the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate an annual report on capacity-building activities undertaken in connection with trade agree-ments negotiated or being negotiated pursu-ant to this title. 
SEC. 103. TRADE AGREEMENTS AUTHORITY. 
(a) A GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF BAR-
RIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Whenever the President 
determines that one or more existing duties or other import restrictions of any foreign country or the United States are unduly bur-dening and restricting the foreign trade of the United States and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the Presi-dent— 
(A) may enter into trade agreements with 
foreign countries before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under subsection (c); and 
(B) may, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), 
proclaim— 
(i) such modification or continuance of any 
existing duty, 
(ii) such continuance of existing duty free 
or excise treatment, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2803 May 12, 2015 
(iii) such additional duties, 
as the President determines to be required or appropriate to carry out any such trade agreement. 
Substantial modifications to, or substantial 
additional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, or July 1, 2021, if trade authorities procedures are extended under subsection (c), shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President shall no-
tify Congress of the President’s intention to enter into an agreement under this sub-section. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—No proclamation may be 
made under paragraph (1) that— 
(A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a 
rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of the enactment of this Act) to a rate of duty which is less than 50 percent of the rate of such duty that ap-plies on such date of enactment; 
(B) reduces the rate of duty below that ap-
plicable under the Uruguay Round Agree-ments or a successor agreement, on any im-port sensitive agricultural product; or 
(C) increases any rate of duty above the 
rate that applied on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(4) A
GGREGATE REDUCTION ; EXEMPTION FROM  
STAGING .— 
(A) A GGREGATE REDUCTION .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), the aggregate re-duction in the rate of duty on any article which is in effect on any day pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under para-graph (1) shall not exceed the aggregate re-duction which would have been in effect on such day if— 
(i) a reduction of 3 percent ad valorem or a 
reduction of 
1⁄10of the total reduction, 
whichever is greater, had taken effect on the effective date of the first reduction pro-claimed under paragraph (1) to carry out such agreement with respect to such article; and 
(ii) a reduction equal to the amount appli-
cable under clause (i) had taken effect at 1- year intervals after the effective date of such first reduction. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM STAGING .—No staging 
is required under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a duty reduction that is proclaimed under paragraph (1) for an article of a kind that is not produced in the United States. The United States International Trade Com-mission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. 
(5) R
OUNDING .—If the President determines 
that such action will simplify the computa-tion of reductions under paragraph (4), the President may round an annual reduction by an amount equal to the lesser of— 
(A) the difference between the reduction 
without regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or 
(B) 
1⁄2of 1 percent ad valorem. 
(6) O THER LIMITATIONS .—A rate of duty re-
duction that may not be proclaimed by rea-son of paragraph (3) may take effect only if a provision authorizing such reduction is in-cluded within an implementing bill provided for under section 106 and that bill is enacted into law. 
(7) O
THER TARIFF MODIFICATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraphs (1)(B), (3)(A), (3)(C), and (4) through (6), and subject to the consulta-tion and layover requirements of section 115 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3524), the President may proclaim the modification of any duty or staged rate re-duction of any duty set forth in Schedule XX, as defined in section 2(5) of that Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(5)), if the United States agrees to such modification or staged rate reduction in a negotiation for the reciprocal elimination or harmonization of duties under the aus-
pices of the World Trade Organization. 
(8) A
UTHORITY UNDER URUGUAY ROUND  
AGREEMENTS ACT NOT AFFECTED .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the authority pro-vided to the President under section 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(b) A
GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF AND  
NONTARIFF BARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—(A) Whenever the Presi-
dent determines that— 
(i) 1 or more existing duties or any other 
import restriction of any foreign country or the United States or any other barrier to, or other distortion of, international trade un-duly burdens or restricts the foreign trade of the United States or adversely affects the United States economy, or 
(ii) the imposition of any such barrier or 
distortion is likely to result in such a bur-den, restriction, or effect, and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the President may enter into a trade agreement described in subparagraph (B) during the period described in subpara-graph (C). 
(B) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under subparagraph (A) with for-eign countries providing for— 
(i) the reduction or elimination of a duty, 
restriction, barrier, or other distortion de-scribed in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) the prohibition of, or limitation on the 
imposition of, such barrier or other distor-tion. 
(C) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under this paragraph before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under subsection (c). Substantial modifications to, or substantial additional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, or July 1, 2021, if trade authorities procedures are extended under subsection (c), shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—A trade agreement may be 
entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(3) B
ILLS QUALIFYING FOR TRADE AUTHORI -
TIES PROCEDURES .—(A) The provisions of sec-
tion 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (in this title referred to as ‘‘trade authorities proce-dures’’) apply to a bill of either House of Congress which contains provisions described in subparagraph (B) to the same extent as such section 151 applies to implementing bills under that section. A bill to which this paragraph applies shall hereafter in this title be referred to as an ‘‘implementing bill’’. 
(B) The provisions referred to in subpara-
graph (A) are— 
(i) a provision approving a trade agreement 
entered into under this subsection and ap-proving the statement of administrative ac-tion, if any, proposed to implement such trade agreement; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new stat-
utory authority are required to implement such trade agreement or agreements, only such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agree-ment or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
(c) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL PROCESS FOR  
CONGRESSIONAL TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 106(b)— 
(A) the trade authorities procedures apply 
to implementing bills submitted with re-spect to trade agreements entered into under 
subsection (b) before July 1, 2018; and 
(B) the trade authorities procedures shall 
be extended to implementing bills submitted with respect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) after June 30, 2018, and before July 1, 2021, if (and only if)— 
(i) the President requests such extension 
under paragraph (2); and 
(ii) neither House of Congress adopts an ex-
tension disapproval resolution under para-graph (5) before July 1, 2018. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESI -
DENT .—If the President is of the opinion that 
the trade authorities procedures should be extended to implementing bills described in paragraph (1)(B), the President shall submit to Congress, not later than April 1, 2018, a written report that contains a request for such extension, together with— 
(A) a description of all trade agreements 
that have been negotiated under subsection (b) and the anticipated schedule for submit-ting such agreements to Congress for ap-proval; 
(B) a description of the progress that has 
been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title, and a statement that such progress justifies the continuation of nego-tiations; and 
(C) a statement of the reasons why the ex-
tension is needed to complete the negotia-tions. 
(3) O
THER REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(A) R EPORT BY THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
The President shall promptly inform the Ad-visory Committee for Trade Policy and Ne-gotiations established under section 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under paragraph (2). The Advi-sory Committee shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains— 
(i) its views regarding the progress that 
has been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(ii) a statement of its views, and the rea-
sons therefor, regarding whether the exten-sion requested under paragraph (2) should be approved or disapproved. 
(B) R
EPORT BY INTERNATIONAL TRADE COM -
MISSION .—The President shall promptly in-
form the United States International Trade Commission of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under para-graph (2). The International Trade Commis-sion shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains a review and analysis of the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements imple-mented between the date of the enactment of this Act and the date on which the President decides to seek an extension requested under paragraph (2). 
(4) S
TATUS OF REPORTS .—The reports sub-
mitted to Congress under paragraphs (2) and (3), or any portion of such reports, may be classified to the extent the President deter-mines appropriate. 
(5) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL RESOLUTIONS .— 
(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘‘extension disapproval resolution’’ means a resolution of either House of Congress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll dis-
approves the request of the President for the extension, under section 103(c)(1)(B)(i) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, of the trade authorities procedures under that Act to any implementing bill submitted with respect to any trade agreement entered into under sec-tion 103(b) of that Act after June 30, 2018.’’, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2804 May 12, 2015 
with the blank space being filled with the 
name of the resolving House of Congress. 
(B) Extension disapproval resolutions— (i) may be introduced in either House of 
Congress by any member of such House; and 
(ii) shall be referred, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules. 
(C) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consider-ation of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to extension disapproval reso-lutions. 
(D) It is not in order for— (i) the House of Representatives to con-
sider any extension disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules; 
(ii) the Senate to consider any extension 
disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Finance; or 
(iii) either House of Congress to consider 
an extension disapproval resolution after June 30, 2018. 
(d) C
OMMENCEMENT OF NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
order to contribute to the continued eco-nomic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations cov-ering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, product, or service sector, and expand existing sectoral agreements to coun-tries that are not parties to those agree-ments, in cases where the President deter-mines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, commercial services, intellectual property rights, industrial and capital goods, govern-ment procurement, information technology products, environmental technology and 
services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infrastructure products. In so doing, the President shall take into ac-count all of the negotiating objectives set forth in section 102. 
SEC. 104. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT, CON-
SULTATIONS, AND ACCESS TO IN-FORMATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS WITHMEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS DURING NEGOTIATIONS .— 
In the course of negotiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
(A) meet upon request with any Member of 
Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any re-quirement of, amendment to, or rec-ommendation under, that agreement; 
(B) upon request of any Member of Con-
gress, provide access to pertinent documents relating to the negotiations, including clas-sified materials; 
(C) consult closely and on a timely basis 
with, and keep fully apprised of the negotia-tions, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate; 
(D) consult closely and on a timely basis 
with, and keep fully apprised of the negotia-tions, the House Advisory Group on Negotia-tions and the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under subsection (c) and all committees of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate with jurisdiction over laws that could be affected by a trade agree-ment resulting from the negotiations; and 
(E) with regard to any negotiations and 
agreement relating to agricultural trade, also consult closely and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of 
the negotiations, the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. 
(2) C
ONSULTATIONS PRIOR TO ENTRY INTO  
FORCE .—Prior to exchanging notes providing 
for the entry into force of a trade agreement, the United States Trade Representative shall consult closely and on a timely basis with Members of Congress and committees as specified in paragraph (1), and keep them fully apprised of the measures a trading partner has taken to comply with those pro-visions of the agreement that are to take ef-fect on the date that the agreement enters into force. 
(3) E
NHANCED COORDINATION WITH CON -
GRESS .— 
(A) W RITTEN GUIDELINES .—The United 
States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on enhanced coordination with Congress, including coordination with designated congressional advisers under sub-section (b), regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT OF GUIDELINES .—The guide-
lines developed under subparagraph (A) shall enhance coordination with Congress through procedures to ensure— 
(i) timely briefings upon request of any 
Member of Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress conducted under this title, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any re-quirement of, amendment to, or rec-ommendation under, that agreement; and 
(ii) the sharing of detailed and timely in-
formation with Members of Congress, and their staff with proper security clearances as appropriate, regarding those negotiations and pertinent documents related to those ne-gotiations (including classified information), and with committee staff with proper secu-rity clearances as would be appropriate in the light of the responsibilities of that com-mittee over the trade agreements programs affected by those negotiations. 
(C) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under subparagraph (A) to all Federal agencies that could have juris-diction over laws affected by trade negotia-tions. 
(b) D
ESIGNATED CONGRESSIONAL ADVIS-
ERS.— 
(1) D ESIGNATION .— 
(A) H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .—In each 
Congress, any Member of the House of Rep-resentatives may be designated as a congres-sional adviser on trade policy and negotia-tions by the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, after consulting with the chair-man and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be selected. 
(B) S
ENATE .—In each Congress, any Mem-
ber of the Senate may be designated as a congressional adviser on trade policy and ne-gotiations by the President pro tempore of the Senate, after consultation with the chairman and ranking member of the Com-mittee on Finance and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be selected. (2) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH DESIGNATED CON -
GRESSIONAL ADVISERS .—In the course of nego-
tiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall consult closely and on a timely basis (includ-ing immediately before initialing an agree-ment) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the congressional advisers for trade policy and negotiations designated under paragraph (1). 
(3) A
CCREDITATION .—Each Member of Con-
gress designated as a congressional adviser under paragraph (1) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegations to inter-national conferences, meetings, and negoti-ating sessions relating to trade agreements. 
(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL ADVISORY GROUPS ON  
NEGOTIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—By not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 30 days after the con-vening of each Congress, the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives shall convene the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the chairman of the Committee on Finance of the Senate shall convene the Senate Advi-sory Group on Negotiations (in this sub-section referred to collectively as the ‘‘con-gressional advisory groups’’). 
(2) M
EMBERS AND FUNCTIONS .— 
(A) M EMBERSHIP OF THE HOUSE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, 
the House Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the House of Representatives: 
(i) The chairman and ranking member of 
the Committee on Ways and Means, and 3 ad-ditional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same political party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the House of Representatives that would have, under the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, jurisdiction over provisions of law af-fected by a trade agreement negotiation con-ducted at any time during that Congress and to which this title would apply. 
(B) M
EMBERSHIP OF THE SENATE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, 
the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the Senate: 
(i) The chairman and ranking member of 
the Committee on Finance and 3 additional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same political party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the 
Senate that would have, under the Rules of the Senate, jurisdiction over provisions of law affected by a trade agreement negotia-tion conducted at any time during that Con-gress and to which this title would apply. 
(C) A
CCREDITATION .—Each member of the 
congressional advisory groups described in subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) shall be ac-credited by the United States Trade Rep-resentative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delega-tion in negotiations for any trade agreement to which this title applies. Each member of the congressional advisory groups described in subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B)(ii) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Rep-resentative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delega-tion in the negotiations by reason of which the member is in one of the congressional ad-visory groups. 
(D) C
ONSULTATION AND ADVICE .—The con-
gressional advisory groups shall consult with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2805 May 12, 2015 
and provide advice to the Trade Representa-
tive regarding the formulation of specific ob-jectives, negotiating strategies and posi-tions, the development of the applicable trade agreement, and compliance and en-forcement of the negotiated commitments under the trade agreement. 
(E) C
HAIR.—The House Advisory Group on 
Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chair-man of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
(F) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER COMMIT -
TEES.—Members of any committee rep-
resented on one of the congressional advi-sory groups may submit comments to the member of the appropriate congressional ad-visory group from that committee regarding any matter related to a negotiation for any trade agreement to which this title applies. 
(3) G
UIDELINES .— 
(A) P URPOSE AND REVISION .—The United 
States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines to facilitate the useful and timely exchange of information between the Trade Representative and the congres-sional advisory groups; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under subparagraph (A) shall provide for, among other things— 
(i) detailed briefings on a fixed timetable 
to be specified in the guidelines of the con-gressional advisory groups regarding negoti-ating objectives and positions and the status of the applicable negotiations, beginning as soon as practicable after the congressional advisory groups are convened, with more fre-quent briefings as trade negotiations enter the final stage; 
(ii) access by members of the congressional 
advisory groups, and staff with proper secu-rity clearances, to pertinent documents re-lating to the negotiations, including classi-
fied materials; 
(iii) the closest practicable coordination 
between the Trade Representative and the congressional advisory groups at all critical periods during the negotiations, including at negotiation sites; 
(iv) after the applicable trade agreement is 
concluded, consultation regarding ongoing compliance and enforcement of negotiated commitments under the trade agreement; and 
(v) the timeframe for submitting the re-
port required under section 105(d)(3). 
(4) R
EQUEST FOR MEETING .—Upon the re-
quest of a majority of either of the congres-sional advisory groups, the President shall meet with that congressional advisory group before initiating negotiations with respect to a trade agreement, or at any other time con-cerning the negotiations. 
(d) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC .— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT .— 
The United States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on public access to infor-mation regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. (2) P
URPOSES .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) facilitate transparency; (B) encourage public participation; and (C) promote collaboration in the negotia-
tion process. 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall include procedures that— 
(A) provide for rapid disclosure of informa-
tion in forms that the public can readily find and use; and 
(B) provide frequent opportunities for pub-
lic input through Federal Register requests for comment and other means. 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdic-tion over laws affected by trade negotia-tions. 
(e) C
ONSULTATIONS WITHADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH ADVI -
SORY COMMITTEES .—The United States Trade 
Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on enhanced coordination with advisory committees established pursu-ant to section 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) regarding negotiations con-ducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall enhance coordina-tion with advisory committees described in that paragraph through procedures to en-sure— 
(A) timely briefings of advisory commit-
tees and regular opportunities for advisory committees to provide input throughout the negotiation process on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas represented by those committees; and 
(B) the sharing of detailed and timely in-
formation with each member of an advisory committee regarding negotiations and perti-nent documents related to the negotiation (including classified information) on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas the member represents, and with a designee with proper security clearances of each such member as appropriate. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdic-tion over laws affected by trade negotia-tions. 
(f) E
STABLISHMENT OF POSITION OF CHIEF 
TRANSPARENCY OFFICER IN THE OFFICE OF THE  
UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .— 
Section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) There shall be in the Office one Chief 
Transparency Officer. The Chief Trans-parency Officer shall consult with Congress on transparency policy, coordinate trans-parency in trade negotiations, engage and assist the public, and advise the United States Trade Representative on trans-parency policy.’’. 
SEC. 105. NOTICE, CONSULTATIONS, AND RE-
PORTS. 
(a) N OTICE , CONSULTATIONS , AND REPORTS  
BEFORE NEGOTIATION .— (1) N OTICE .—The President, with respect to 
any agreement that is subject to the provi-sions of section 103(b), shall— 
(A) provide, at least 90 calendar days be-
fore initiating negotiations with a country, written notice to Congress of the President’s intention to enter into the negotiations with that country and set forth in the notice the date on which the President intends to ini-tiate those negotiations, the specific United States objectives for the negotiations with that country, and whether the President in-tends to seek an agreement, or changes to an existing agreement; 
(B) before and after submission of the no-
tice, consult regarding the negotiations with the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, such other com-mittees of the House and Senate as the President deems appropriate, and the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations con-vened under section 104(c); 
(C) upon the request of a majority of the 
members of either the House Advisory Group on Negotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations convened under sec-tion 104(c), meet with the requesting con-gressional advisory group before initiating the negotiations or at any other time con-cerning the negotiations; and 
(D) after consulting with the Committee 
on Ways and Means and the Committee on Finance, and at least 30 calendar days before initiating negotiations with a country, pub-lish on a publicly available Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative, and regularly update thereafter, a detailed and comprehensive summary of the specific objectives with respect to the negotiations, and a description of how the agreement, if successfully concluded, will further those objectives and benefit the United States. 
(2) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING AGRI -
CULTURE .— 
(A) A SSESSMENT AND CONSULTATIONS FOL -
LOWING ASSESSMENT .—Before initiating or 
continuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly related to the subject matter under section 102(b)(3)(B) with any country, the President shall— 
(i) assess whether United States tariffs on 
agricultural products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country; 
(ii) consider whether the tariff levels 
bound and applied throughout the world with respect to imports from the United States are higher than United States tariffs and 
whether the negotiation provides an oppor-tunity to address any such disparity; and 
(iii) consult with the Committee on Ways 
and Means and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is appropriate for the United States to agree to further tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the assessment, and how all applicable ne-gotiating objectives will be met. 
(B) S
PECIAL CONSULTATIONS ON IMPORT SEN -
SITIVE PRODUCTS .—(i) Before initiating nego-
tiations with regard to agriculture and, with respect to agreements described in para-graphs (2) and (3) of section 107(a), as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall— 
(I) identify those agricultural products 
subject to tariff rate quotas on the date of enactment of this Act, and agricultural prod-ucts subject to tariff reductions by the United States as a result of the Uruguay Round Agreements, for which the rate of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2806 May 12, 2015 
duty was reduced on January 1, 1995, to a 
rate which was not less than 97.5 percent of the rate of duty that applied to such article on December 31, 1994; 
(II) consult with the Committee on Ways 
and Means and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate concerning— 
(aa) whether any further tariff reductions 
on the products identified under subclause (I) should be appropriate, taking into account the impact of any such tariff reduction on the United States industry producing the product concerned; 
(bb) whether the products so identified face 
unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary re-strictions, including those not based on sci-entific principles in contravention of the Uruguay Round Agreements; and 
(cc) whether the countries participating in 
the negotiations maintain export subsidies or other programs, policies, or practices that distort world trade in such products and the impact of such programs, policies, and prac-tices on United States producers of the prod-ucts; 
(III) request that the International Trade 
Commission prepare an assessment of the probable economic effects of any such tariff reduction on the United States industry pro-ducing the product concerned and on the United States economy as a whole; and 
(IV) upon complying with subclauses (I), 
(II), and (III), notify the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate of those products identi-fied under subclause (I) for which the Trade Representative intends to seek tariff liberal-ization in the negotiations and the reasons for seeking such tariff liberalization. 
(ii) If, after negotiations described in 
clause (i) are commenced— 
(I) the United States Trade Representative 
identifies any additional agricultural prod-uct described in clause (i)(I) for tariff reduc-tions which were not the subject of a notifi-cation under clause (i)(IV), or 
(II) any additional agricultural product de-
scribed in clause (i)(I) is the subject of a re-quest for tariff reductions by a party to the negotiations, 
the Trade Representative shall, as soon as 
practicable, notify the committees referred to in clause (i)(IV) of those products and the reasons for seeking such tariff reductions. 
(3) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING THE FISHING  
INDUSTRY .—Before initiating, or continuing, 
negotiations that directly relate to fish or shellfish trade with any country, the Presi-dent shall consult with the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and shall keep the Committees apprised of the negotiations on an ongoing and timely basis. 
(4) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING TEXTILES .—Be-
fore initiating or continuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly re-lated to textiles and apparel products with any country, the President shall— 
(A) assess whether United States tariffs on 
textile and apparel products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country and whether the negotiation provides an op-portunity to address any such disparity; and 
(B) consult with the Committee on Ways 
and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is appropriate for the United 
States to agree to further tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the as-sessment, and how all applicable negotiating objectives will be met. 
(5) A
DHERENCE TO EXISTING INTERNATIONAL  
TRADE AND INVESTMENT AGREEMENT OBLIGA -
TIONS .—In determining whether to enter into 
negotiations with a particular country, the President shall take into account the extent to which that country has implemented, or has accelerated the implementation of, its international trade and investment commit-ments to the United States, including pursu-ant to the WTO Agreement. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHCONGRESS BEFORE  
ENTRY INTOAGREEMENT .— 
(1) C ONSULTATION .—Before entering into 
any trade agreement under section 103(b), the President shall consult with— 
(A) the Committee on Ways and Means of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate; 
(B) each other committee of the House and 
the Senate, and each joint committee of Congress, which has jurisdiction over legisla-tion involving subject matters which would be affected by the trade agreement; and 
(C) the House Advisory Group on Negotia-
tions and the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under section 104(c). 
(2) S
COPE.—The consultation described in 
paragraph (1) shall include consultation with respect to— 
(A) the nature of the agreement; (B) how and to what extent the agreement 
will achieve the applicable purposes, poli-cies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(C) the implementation of the agreement 
under section 106, including the general ef-fect of the agreement on existing laws. 
(3) R
EPORT REGARDING UNITED STATES  
TRADE REMEDY LAWS .— 
(A) C HANGES IN CERTAIN TRADE LAWS .—The 
President, not less than 180 calendar days be-fore the day on which the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate— 
(i) the range of proposals advanced in the 
negotiations with respect to that agreement, 
that may be in the final agreement, and that could require amendments to title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) or to chapter 1 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.); and 
(ii) how these proposals relate to the objec-
tives described in section 102(b)(16). 
(B) R
ESOLUTIONS .—(i) At any time after the 
transmission of the report under subpara-graph (A), if a resolution is introduced with respect to that report in either House of Con-gress, the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) shall apply to that resolution if— 
(I) no other resolution with respect to that 
report has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Fi-nance, as the case may be, pursuant to those procedures; and 
(II) no procedural disapproval resolution 
under section 106(b) introduced with respect to a trade agreement entered into pursuant to the negotiations to which the report under subparagraph (A) relates has pre-viously been reported in that House of Con-gress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be. 
(ii) For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
term ‘‘resolution’’ means only a resolution of either House of Congress, the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll finds that the proposed 
changes to United States trade remedy laws contained in the report of the President 
transmitted to Congress on llll under 
section 105(b)(3) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 with respect to llll , are in-
consistent with the negotiating objectives described in section 102(b)(16) of that Act.’’, with the first blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Congress, the second blank space being filled with the appropriate date of the report, and the third blank space being filled with the name of the country or countries involved. 
(iii) Resolutions in the House of Represent-
atives— 
(I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules; and 
(III) may not be amended by either Com-
mittee. 
(iv) Resolutions in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Finance; and 
(III) may not be amended. (v) It is not in order for the House of Rep-
resentatives to consider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Com-mittee on Rules. 
(vi) It is not in order for the Senate to con-
sider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Finance. 
(vii) The provisions of subsections (d) and 
(e) of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to floor consideration of certain resolutions in the House and Sen-ate) shall apply to resolutions. 
(4) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE REPORTS .—The re-
port required under section 135(e)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155(e)(1)) regard-ing any trade agreement entered into under subsection (a) or (b) of section 103 shall be provided to the President, Congress, and the United States Trade Representative not later than 30 days after the date on which the President notifies Congress under section 103(a)(2) or 106(a)(1)(A) of the intention of the 
President to enter into the agreement. 
(c) I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION AS-
SESSMENT .— 
(1) S UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO COMMIS -
SION.—The President, not later than 90 cal-
endar days before the day on which the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall provide the Inter-national Trade Commission (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Commission’’) with the details of the agreement as it exists at that time and request the Commission to prepare and submit an assessment of the agreement as described in paragraph (2). Be-tween the time the President makes the re-quest under this paragraph and the time the Commission submits the assessment, the President shall keep the Commission current with respect to the details of the agreement. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 105 cal-
endar days after the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a report assessing the likely impact of the agreement on the United States economy as a whole and on specific industry sectors, including the impact the agreement will have on the gross domestic product, exports and imports, aggregate em-ployment and employment opportunities, the production, employment, and competi-tive position of industries likely to be sig-nificantly affected by the agreement, and the interests of United States consumers. 
(3) R
EVIEW OF EMPIRICAL LITERATURE .—In 
preparing the assessment under paragraph (2), the Commission shall review available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2807 May 12, 2015 
economic assessments regarding the agree-
ment, including literature regarding any substantially equivalent proposed agree-ment, and shall provide in its assessment a description of the analyses used and conclu-sions drawn in such literature, and a discus-sion of areas of consensus and divergence be-tween the various analyses and conclusions, including those of the Commission regarding the agreement. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make each assessment under paragraph (2) available to the public. 
(d) R
EPORTS SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEES  
WITHAGREEMENT .— 
(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS AND RE -
PORTS .—The President shall— 
(A) conduct environmental reviews of fu-
ture trade and investment agreements, con-sistent with Executive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169), dated November 16, 1999, and its relevant guidelines; and 
(B) submit a report on those reviews and 
on the content and operation of consultative mechanisms established pursuant to section 102(c) to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate at the time the President submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E). 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT IMPACT REVIEWS AND RE -
PORTS .—The President shall— 
(A) review the impact of future trade 
agreements on United States employment, including labor markets, modeled after Exec-utive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169) to the extent appropriate in establishing proce-dures and criteria; and 
(B) submit a report on such reviews to the 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate at the time the Presi-
dent submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to sec-tion 106(a)(1)(E). 
(3) R
EPORT ON LABOR RIGHTS .—The Presi-
dent shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate, on a timeframe determined in accord-ance with section 104(c)(3)(B)(v)— 
(A) a meaningful labor rights report of the 
country, or countries, with respect to which the President is negotiating; and 
(B) a description of any provisions that 
would require changes to the labor laws and labor practices of the United States. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make all reports required under this subsection available to the public. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION AND ENFORCEMENT  
PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At the time the President 
submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E), the President shall also submit to Congress a plan for implementing and en-forcing the agreement. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation and 
enforcement plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) B
ORDER PERSONNEL REQUIREMENTS .—A 
description of additional personnel required at border entry points, including a list of ad-ditional customs and agricultural inspectors. 
(B) A
GENCY STAFFING REQUIREMENTS .—A 
description of additional personnel required by Federal agencies responsible for moni-toring and implementing the trade agree-ment, including personnel required by the Office of the United States Trade Represent-ative, the Department of Commerce, the De-partment of Agriculture (including addi-tional personnel required to implement sani-tary and phytosanitary measures in order to obtain market access for United States ex-ports), the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Department of the Treasury, and 
such other agencies as may be necessary. 
(C) C
USTOMS INFRASTRUCTURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—A description of the additional 
equipment and facilities needed by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
(D) I
MPACT ON STATE AND LOCAL GOVERN -
MENTS .—A description of the impact the 
trade agreement will have on State and local governments as a result of increases in trade. 
(E) C
OST ANALYSIS .—An analysis of the 
costs associated with each of the items listed in subparagraphs (A) through (D). 
(3) B
UDGET SUBMISSION .—The President 
shall include a request for the resources nec-essary to support the plan required by para-graph (1) in the first budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, after the date of the submission of the plan. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make the plan required under this sub-section available to the public. 
(f) O
THER REPORTS .— 
(1) R EPORT ON PENALTIES .—Not later than 
one year after the imposition by the United States of a penalty or remedy permitted by a trade agreement to which this title applies, the President shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the effectiveness of the penalty or remedy applied under United States law in enforcing United States rights under the trade agreement, which shall ad-dress whether the penalty or remedy was ef-fective in changing the behavior of the tar-geted party and whether the penalty or rem-edy had any adverse impact on parties or in-terests not party to the dispute. 
(2) R
EPORT ON IMPACT OF TRADE PROMOTION  
AUTHORITY .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 5 years thereafter, the United States International Trade Commission shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements with respect to which Congress has enacted an imple-menting bill under trade authorities proce-dures since January 1, 1984. 
(3) E
NFORCEMENT CONSULTATIONS AND RE -
PORTS .—(A) The United States Trade Rep-
resentative shall consult with the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate after acceptance of a pe-tition for review or taking an enforcement action in regard to an obligation under a trade agreement, including a labor or envi-ronmental obligation. During such consulta-tions, the United States Trade Representa-tive shall describe the matter, including the basis for such action and the application of any relevant legal obligations. 
(B) As part of the report required pursuant 
to section 163 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2213), the President shall report annu-ally to Congress on enforcement actions taken pursuant to a trade agreement to which the United States is a party, as well as on any public reports issued by Federal agen-cies on enforcement matters relating to a trade agreement. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL COORDINATION WITHMEM-
BERS .—Any Member of the House of Rep-
resentatives may submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and any Member of the Senate may submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate the views of that Member on any matter relevant to a proposed trade agree-ment, and the relevant Committee shall re-ceive those views for consideration. SEC. 106. IMPLEMENTATION OF TRADE AGREE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) N OTIFICATION AND SUBMISSION .—Any 
agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall enter into force with respect to the United States if (and only if)— 
(A) the President, at least 90 calendar days 
before the day on which the President enters into the trade agreement, notifies the House of Representatives and the Senate of the President’s intention to enter into the agree-ment, and promptly thereafter publishes no-tice of such intention in the Federal Reg-ister; 
(B) the President, at least 60 days before 
the day on which the President enters into the agreement, publishes the text of the agreement on a publicly available Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Representative; 
(C) within 60 days after entering into the 
agreement, the President submits to Con-gress a description of those changes to exist-ing laws that the President considers would be required in order to bring the United States into compliance with the agreement; 
(D) the President, at least 30 days before 
submitting to Congress the materials under subparagraph (E), submits to Congress— 
(i) a draft statement of any administrative 
action proposed to implement the agree-ment; and 
(ii) a copy of the final legal text of the 
agreement; 
(E) after entering into the agreement, the 
President submits to Congress, on a day on which both Houses of Congress are in ses-sion, a copy of the final legal text of the agreement, together with— 
(i) a draft of an implementing bill de-
scribed in section 103(b)(3); 
(ii) a statement of any administrative ac-
tion proposed to implement the trade agree-ment; and 
(iii) the supporting information described 
in paragraph (2)(A); 
(F) the implementing bill is enacted into 
law; and 
(G) the President, not later than 30 days 
before the date on which the agreement en-ters into force with respect to a party to the agreement, submits written notice to Con-gress that the President has determined that the party has taken measures necessary to comply with those provisions of the agree-ment that are to take effect on the date on which the agreement enters into force. 
(2) S
UPPORTING INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The supporting informa-
tion required under paragraph (1)(E)(iii) con-sists of— 
(i) an explanation as to how the imple-
menting bill and proposed administrative ac-tion will change or affect existing law; and 
(ii) a statement— (I) asserting that the agreement makes 
progress in achieving the applicable pur-poses, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(II) setting forth the reasons of the Presi-
dent regarding— 
(aa) how and to what extent the agreement 
makes progress in achieving the applicable purposes, policies, and objectives referred to in subclause (I); 
(bb) whether and how the agreement 
changes provisions of an agreement pre-viously negotiated; 
(cc) how the agreement serves the interests 
of United States commerce; and 
(dd) how the implementing bill meets the 
standards set forth in section 103(b)(3). 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make the supporting information de-scribed in subparagraph (A) available to the public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2808 May 12, 2015 
(3) R ECIPROCAL BENEFITS .—In order to en-
sure that a foreign country that is not a party to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) does not receive benefits under the agreement unless the country is also subject to the obligations under the agreement, the implementing bill submitted with respect to the agreement shall provide that the benefits and obligations under the agreement apply only to the parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. The imple-menting bill may also provide that the bene-fits and obligations under the agreement do not apply uniformly to all parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. 
(4) D
ISCLOSURE OF COMMITMENTS .—Any 
agreement or other understanding with a foreign government or governments (whether oral or in writing) that— 
(A) relates to a trade agreement with re-
spect to which Congress enacts an imple-menting bill under trade authorities proce-dures; and 
(B) is not disclosed to Congress before an 
implementing bill with respect to that agreement is introduced in either House of Congress, 
shall not be considered to be part of the 
agreement approved by Congress and shall have no force and effect under United States law or in any dispute settlement body. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .— 
(1) F OR LACK OF NOTICE OR CONSULTA -
TIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to any imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) if during the 60-day period beginning on the date that one House of Congress agrees to a procedural dis-approval resolution for lack of notice or con-sultations with respect to such trade agree-ment or agreements, the other House sepa-rately agrees to a procedural disapproval res-olution with respect to such trade agreement or agreements. 
(B) P
ROCEDURAL DISAPPROVAL RESOLU -
TION.—(i) For purposes of this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘procedural disapproval resolution’’ means a resolution of either House of Con-gress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 on negotiations with re-spect to llllllll and, therefore, the 
trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agree-ment or agreements with respect to which the President is considered to have failed or refused to notify or consult. 
(ii) For purposes of clause (i) and para-
graphs (3)(C) and (4)(C), the President has ‘‘failed or refused to notify or consult in ac-cordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’ on negotiations with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements if— 
(I) the President has failed or refused to 
consult (as the case may be) in accordance with sections 104 and 105 and this section with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; 
(II) guidelines under section 104 have not 
been developed or met with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; 
(III) the President has not met with the 
House Advisory Group on Negotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations pursuant to a request made under section 
104(c)(4) with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; or 
(IV) the agreement or agreements fail to 
make progress in achieving the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title. 
(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR CONSIDERING RESOLU -
TIONS .—(A) Procedural disapproval resolu-
tions— 
(i) in the House of Representatives— (I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules; and 
(III) may not be amended by either Com-
mittee; and 
(ii) in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Finance; and 
(III) may not be amended. (B) The provisions of subsections (d) and 
(e) of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consider-ation of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to a procedural disapproval resolution introduced with respect to a trade agreement if no other procedural disapproval resolution with respect to that trade agree-ment has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Fi-nance, as the case may be, and if no resolu-tion described in clause (ii) of section 105(b)(3)(B) with respect to that trade agree-ment has been reported in that House of Con-gress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be, pursuant to the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) of such section. 
(C) It is not in order for the House of Rep-
resentatives to consider any procedural dis-approval resolution not reported by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules. 
(D) It is not in order for the Senate to con-
sider any procedural disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Finance. 
(3) C
ONSIDERATION IN SENATE OF CONSULTA -
TION AND COMPLIANCE RESOLUTION TO REMOVE  
TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCEDURES .— 
(A) R EPORTING OF RESOLUTION .—If, when 
the Committee on Finance of the Senate meets on whether to report an implementing bill with respect to a trade agreement or agreements entered into under section 103(b), the committee fails to favorably report the bill, the committee shall report a resolution 
described in subparagraph (C). 
(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply in the Senate to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or agreements described in subparagraph (A) if the Committee on Fi-nance reports a resolution described in sub-paragraph (C) and such resolution is agreed to by the Senate. 
(C) R
ESOLUTION DESCRIBED .—A resolution 
described in this subparagraph is a resolu-tion of the Senate originating from the Com-mittee on Finance the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 on negotiations with re-spect to lllll and, therefore, the trade 
authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply in the Senate to any implementing bill submitted with respect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agreement or agreements described in subparagraph (A). (D) P
ROCEDURES .—If the Senate does not 
agree to a motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to a resolution described in subparagraph (C), the resolution shall be committed to the Committee on Finance. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES OF A CONSULTATION AND COM -
PLIANCE RESOLUTION .— 
(A) Q UALIFICATIONS FOR REPORTING RESOLU -
TION.—If— 
(i) the Committee on Ways and Means of 
the House of Representatives reports an im-plementing bill with respect to a trade agreement or agreements entered into under section 103(b) with other than a favorable recommendation; and 
(ii) a Member of the House of Representa-
tives has introduced a consultation and com-pliance resolution on the legislative day fol-lowing the filing of a report to accompany the implementing bill with other than a fa-vorable recommendation, 
then the Committee on Ways and Means 
shall consider a consultation and compliance resolution pursuant to subparagraph (B). 
(B) C
OMMITTEE CONSIDERATION OF A QUALI -
FYING RESOLUTION .—(i) Not later than the 
fourth legislative day after the date of intro-duction of the resolution, the Committee on Ways and Means shall meet to consider a res-olution meeting the qualifications set forth in subparagraph (A). 
(ii) After consideration of one such resolu-
tion by the Committee on Ways and Means, this subparagraph shall not apply to any other such resolution. 
(iii) If the Committee on Ways and Means 
has not reported the resolution by the sixth legislative day after the date of its introduc-tion, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the resolution. 
(C) C
ONSULTATION AND COMPLIANCE RESOLU -
TION DESCRIBED .—A consultation and compli-
ance resolution— 
(i) is a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the sole matter after the re-solving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 on negotiations with re-spect to lllll and, therefore, the trade 
authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply in the House of Representatives to any implementing bill submitted with re-spect to such trade agreement or agree-ments.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agreement or agreements described in subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means. 
(D) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply in the House of Rep-resentatives to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to a trade agreement or agreements which are the object of a con-sultation and compliance resolution if such resolution is adopted by the House. 
(5) F
OR FAILURE TO MEET OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Not later than December 15, 2015, 
the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Attorney General, and the United States Trade Representative, shall transmit to Congress a report setting forth the strategy of the executive branch to ad-dress concerns of Congress regarding wheth-er dispute settlement panels and the Appel-late Body of the World Trade Organization 
have added to obligations, or diminished rights, of the United States, as described in section 102(b)(15)(C). Trade authorities proce-dures shall not apply to any implementing bill with respect to an agreement negotiated under the auspices of the World Trade Orga-nization unless the Secretary of Commerce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2809 May 12, 2015 
has issued such report by the deadline speci-
fied in this paragraph. 
(6) L IMITATIONS ON PROCEDURES WITH RE -
SPECT TO AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES NOT IN  
COMPLIANCE WITH TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PRO -
TECTION ACT OF 2000 .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to any imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country to which the minimum standards for the elimi-nation of trafficking are applicable and the government of which does not fully comply with such standards and is not making sig-nificant efforts to bring the country into compliance (commonly referred to as a ‘‘tier 3’’ country), as determined in the most re-cent annual report on trafficking in persons submitted under section 110(b)(1) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(1)). 
(B) M
INIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI -
NATION OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘‘minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking’’ means the standards set forth in section 108 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106). 
(c) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
ANDSENATE .—Subsection (b) of this section, 
section 103(c), and section 105(b)(3) are en-acted by Congress— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, respectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, and such procedures supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and 
(2) with the full recognition of the con-
stitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedures of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as any other rule of that House. 
SEC. 107. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN TRADE 
AGREEMENTS FOR WHICH NEGOTIA-TIONS HAVE ALREADY BEGUN. 
(a) C ERTAIN AGREEMENTS .—Notwith-
standing the prenegotiation notification and consultation requirement described in sec-tion 105(a), if an agreement to which section 103(b) applies— 
(1) is entered into under the auspices of the 
World Trade Organization, 
(2) is entered into with the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership countries with respect to which notifications have been made in a manner consistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, 
(3) is entered into with the European 
Union, 
(4) is an agreement with respect to inter-
national trade in services entered into with WTO members with respect to which a noti-fication has been made in a manner con-sistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, or 
(5) is an agreement with respect to envi-
ronmental goods entered into with WTO members with respect to which a notifica-tion has been made in a manner consistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and results from negotiations that were com-
menced before the date of the enactment of this Act, subsection (b) shall apply. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF AGREEMENTS .—In the 
case of any agreement to which subsection (a) applies, the applicability of the trade au-thorities procedures to implementing bills shall be determined without regard to the re-quirements of section 105(a) (relating only to notice prior to initiating negotiations), and any resolution under paragraph (1)(B), (3)(C), or (4)(C) of section 106(b) shall not be in order on the basis of a failure or refusal to comply 
with the provisions of section 105(a), if (and only if) the President, as soon as feasible after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) notifies Congress of the negotiations de-
scribed in subsection (a), the specific United States objectives in the negotiations, and whether the President is seeking a new agreement or changes to an existing agree-ment; and 
(2) before and after submission of the no-
tice, consults regarding the negotiations with the committees referred to in section 105(a)(1)(B) and the House and Senate Advi-sory Groups on Negotiations convened under section 104(c). 
SEC. 108. SOVEREIGNTY. 
(a) U NITED STATES LAWTOPREVAIL IN  
EVENT OF CONFLICT .—No provision of any 
trade agreement entered into under section 103(b), nor the application of any such provi-sion to any person or circumstance, that is inconsistent with any law of the United States, any State of the United States, or any locality of the United States shall have effect. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS OF  
UNITED STATES LAW.—No provision of any 
trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall prevent the United States, any State of the United States, or any locality of the United States from amending or modi-fying any law of the United States, that State, or that locality (as the case may be). 
(c) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT REPORTS .—Re-
ports, including findings and recommenda-tions, issued by dispute settlement panels convened pursuant to any trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall have no binding effect on the law of the United States, the Government of the United States, or the law or government of any State or locality of the United States. 
SEC. 109. INTERESTS OF SMALL BUSINESSES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the United States Trade Representative 
should facilitate participation by small busi-nesses in the trade negotiation process; and 
(2) the functions of the Office of the United 
States Trade Representative relating to small businesses should continue to be re-flected in the title of the Assistant United States Trade Representative assigned the re-sponsibility for small businesses. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF SMALL BUSINESS IN-
TERESTS .—The Assistant United States 
Trade Representative for Small Business, Market Access, and Industrial Competitive-ness shall be responsible for ensuring that the interests of small businesses are consid-ered in all trade negotiations in accordance with the objective described in section 102(a)(8). 
SEC. 110. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS; APPLICA-
TION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
(a) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A DVICE FROM UNITED STATES INTER -
NATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION .—Section 131 of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2151) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(a) or (b) of the Bipartisan Trade Pro-motion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of section 103 of the Bi-partisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(b) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 103(b) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(a)(3)(A) of the Bipartisan Trade Pro-motion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(a)(4)(A) of the Bipartisan Con-
gressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’; and 
(C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(a) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(2) H
EARINGS .—Section 132 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2152) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Pro-motion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(3) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .—Section 133(a) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2153(a)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Con-gressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’. 
(4) P
REREQUISITES FOR OFFERS .—Section 134 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2154) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bi-partisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(5) I
NFORMATION AND ADVICE FROM PRIVATE  
AND PUBLIC SECTORS .—Section 135 of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) is amend-ed— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking 
‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Pro-motion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipar-
tisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘not later than the date on 
which the President notifies the Congress under section 2105(a)(1)(A) of the Bipartisan 
Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President notifies Congress under section 106(a)(1)(A) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
2102 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(6) P
ROCEDURES RELATING TO IMPLEMENTING  
BILLS .—Section 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2191) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 2105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Trade Pro-motion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 2105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Trade Pro-motion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(7) T
RANSMISSION OF AGREEMENTS TO CON -
GRESS .—Section 162(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2212(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Pro-motion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
For purposes of applying sections 125, 126, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2810 May 12, 2015 
and 127 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 
2135, 2136, and 2137)— 
(1) any trade agreement entered into under 
section 103 shall be treated as an agreement entered into under section 101 or 102 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2111 or 2112), as appropriate; and 
(2) any proclamation or Executive order 
issued pursuant to a trade agreement en-tered into under section 103 shall be treated as a proclamation or Executive order issued pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under section 102 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2112). 
SEC. 111. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GREEMENT ON AGRICULTURE .—The term 
‘‘Agreement on Agriculture’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(2) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(2)). 
(2) A
GREEMENT ON SAFEGUARDS .—The term 
‘‘Agreement on Safeguards’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(13) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(13)). 
(3) A
GREEMENT ON SUBSIDIES AND COUNTER -
VAILING MEASURES .—The term ‘‘Agreement 
on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(12) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(12)). 
(4) A
NTIDUMPING AGREEMENT .—The term 
‘‘Antidumping Agreement’’ means the Agree-ment on Implementation of Article VI of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(7) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(7)). 
(5) A
PPELLATE BODY .—The term ‘‘Appellate 
Body’’ means the Appellate Body established under Article 17.1 of the Dispute Settlement Understanding. 
(6) C
OMMON MULTILATERAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
AGREEMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘common mul-
tilateral environmental agreement’’ means any agreement specified in subparagraph (B) or included under subparagraph (C) to which both the United States and one or more other parties to the negotiations are full par-ties, including any current or future mutu-ally agreed upon protocols, amendments, an-nexes, or adjustments to such an agreement. 
(B) A
GREEMENTS SPECIFIED .—The agree-
ments specified in this subparagraph are the following: 
(i) The Convention on International Trade 
in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, done at Washington March 3, 1973 (27 UST 1087; TIAS 8249). 
(ii) The Montreal Protocol on Substances 
that Deplete the Ozone Layer, done at Mon-treal September 16, 1987. 
(iii) The Protocol of 1978 Relating to the 
International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, done at London 
February 17, 1978. 
(iv) The Convention on Wetlands of Inter-
national Importance Especially as Waterfowl Habitat, done at Ramsar February 2, 1971 (TIAS 11084). 
(v) The Convention on the Conservation of 
Antarctic Marine Living Resources, done at Canberra May 20, 1980 (33 UST 3476). 
(vi) The International Convention for the 
Regulation of Whaling, done at Washington December 2, 1946 (62 Stat. 1716). 
(vii) The Convention for the Establishment 
of an Inter-American Tropical Tuna Com-mission, done at Washington May 31, 1949 (1 UST 230). 
(C) A
DDITIONAL AGREEMENTS .—Both the 
United States and one or more other parties to the negotiations may agree to include any other multilateral environmental or con-servation agreement to which they are full parties as a common multilateral environ-mental agreement under this paragraph. (7) C
ORE LABOR STANDARDS .—The term 
‘‘core labor standards’’ means— 
(A) freedom of association; (B) the effective recognition of the right to 
collective bargaining; 
(C) the elimination of all forms of forced or 
compulsory labor; 
(D) the effective abolition of child labor 
and a prohibition on the worst forms of child labor; and 
(E) the elimination of discrimination in re-
spect of employment and occupation. 
(8) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT UNDERSTANDING .— 
The term ‘‘Dispute Settlement Under-standing’’ means the Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of Disputes referred to in section 101(d)(16) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(16)). 
(9) E
NABLING CLAUSE .—The term ‘‘Enabling 
Clause’’ means the Decision on Differential and More Favourable Treatment, Reci-procity and Fuller Participation of Devel-oping Countries (L/4903), adopted November 28, 1979, under GATT 1947 (as defined in sec-tion 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501)). 
(10) E
NVIRONMENTAL LAWS .—The term ‘‘en-
vironmental laws’’, with respect to the laws of the United States, means environmental statutes and regulations enforceable by ac-tion of the Federal Government. 
(11) GATT 
1994.—The term ‘‘GATT 1994’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501). 
(12) G
ENERAL AGREEMENT ON TRADE IN SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘‘General Agreement on 
Trade in Services’’ means the General Agree-ment on Trade in Services (referred to in section 101(d)(14) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(14))). 
(13) G
OVERNMENT PROCUREMENT AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Government Procurement 
Agreement’’ means the Agreement on Gov-ernment Procurement referred to in section 101(d)(17) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(17)). 
(14) ILO.—The term ‘‘ILO’’ means the 
International Labor Organization. 
(15) I
MPORT SENSITIVE AGRICULTURAL PROD -
UCT.—The term ‘‘import sensitive agricul-
tural product’’ means an agricultural prod-uct— 
(A) with respect to which, as a result of the 
Uruguay Round Agreements, the rate of duty was the subject of tariff reductions by the United States and, pursuant to such Agree-ments, was reduced on January 1, 1995, to a rate that was not less than 97.5 percent of the rate of duty that applied to such article 
on December 31, 1994; or 
(B) which was subject to a tariff rate quota 
on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(16) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Information Technology 
Agreement’’ means the Ministerial Declara-tion on Trade in Information Technology Products of the World Trade Organization, agreed to at Singapore December 13, 1996. 
(17) I
NTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED CORE  
LABOR STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘internation-
ally recognized core labor standards’’ means the core labor standards only as stated in the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Prin-ciples and Rights at Work and its Follow-Up (1998). 
(18) L
ABOR LAWS .—The term ‘‘labor laws’’ 
means the statutes and regulations, or provi-sions thereof, of a party to the negotiations that are directly related to core labor stand-ards as well as other labor protections for children and minors and acceptable condi-tions of work with respect to minimum wages, hours of work, and occupational safe-ty and health, and for the United States, in-cludes Federal statutes and regulations ad-dressing those standards, protections, or conditions, but does not include State or 
local labor laws. 
(19) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘‘United States person’’ means— 
(A) a United States citizen; (B) a partnership, corporation, or other 
legal entity that is organized under the laws of the United States; and 
(C) a partnership, corporation, or other 
legal entity that is organized under the laws of a foreign country and is controlled by en-tities described in subparagraph (B) or United States citizens, or both. 
(20) U
RUGUAY ROUND AGREEMENTS .—The 
term ‘‘Uruguay Round Agreements’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(7) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(7)). 
(21) W
ORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION ; WTO.—The 
terms ‘‘World Trade Organization’’ and ‘‘WTO’’ mean the organization established pursuant to the WTO Agreement. 
(22) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘WTO 
Agreement’’ means the Agreement Estab-lishing the World Trade Organization en-tered into on April 15, 1994. 
(23) WTO 
MEMBER .—The term ‘‘WTO mem-
ber’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 2(10) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(10)). 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trade Ad-
justment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS RELAT-
ING TO TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SNAPBACK .—Section 233 of 
the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–40; 125 Stat. 416) is repealed. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in this 
title, the provisions of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in ef-fect on December 31, 2013, and as amended by this title, shall— 
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment 
of this Act; and 
(2) apply to petitions for certification filed 
under chapter 2, 3, or 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after such date of enact-ment. 
(c) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this title, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of any such chap-ter, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TERMINATION PROVI-
SIONS .—Section 285 of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(b) T
RAINING FUNDS .—Section 236(a)(2)(A) 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘shall not exceed $450,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021.’’. 
(c) R
EEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE .—Section 246(b)(1) of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2318(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .—Section 245(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2811 May 12, 2015 
(2) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS .—Section 255(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2345(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘fiscal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
(3) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FARMERS .—Section 298(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2401g(a)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 204. PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT AND 
REPORTING. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Section 
239(j) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2311(j)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘D
ATAREPORTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERFORM -
ANCE MEASURES ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘an annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting 
‘‘measures’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘core’’ 
and inserting ‘‘primary’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘that 
promote efficiency and effectiveness’’ after ‘‘assistance program’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ORE INDICATORS DESCRIBED ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE ’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) P RIMARY INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE  
DESCRIBED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The primary indicators 
of performance referred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall consist of— 
‘‘(I) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who are in unsub-sidized employment during the second cal-endar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(II) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program and who are in un-subsidized employment during the fourth calendar quarter after exit from the pro-gram; 
‘‘(III) the median earnings of workers de-
scribed in subclause (I); 
‘‘(IV) the percentage and number of work-
ers who received benefits under the trade ad-justment assistance program who, subject to clause (ii), obtain a recognized postsec-ondary credential or a secondary school di-ploma or its recognized equivalent, during participation in the program or within one year after exit from the program; and 
‘‘(V) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, during a year while receiving such benefits, are in an edu-cation or training program that leads to a recognized postsecondary credential or em-ployment and who are achieving measurable gains in skills toward such a credential or employment. 
‘‘(ii) I
NDICATOR RELATING TO CREDENTIAL .— 
For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a worker who received benefits under the trade adjustment assistance program who obtained a sec-ondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent shall be included in the percent-age counted for purposes of that clause only if the worker, in addition to obtaining such a diploma or its recognized equivalent, has obtained or retained employment or is in an education or training program leading to a recognized postsecondary credential within one year after exit from the program.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
DATA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEASURES ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘annual’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting 
‘‘measures’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
CCESSIBILITY OF STATE PERFORMANCE  
REPORTS .—The Secretary shall, on an annual 
basis, make available (including by elec-tronic means), in an easily understandable format, the reports of cooperating States or cooperating State agencies required by para-graph (1) and the information contained in those reports.’’. 
(b) C
OLLECTION AND PUBLICATION OF  
DATA.—Section 249B of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘en-
rolled in’’ and inserting ‘‘who received’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘complete’’ and inserting 
‘‘exited’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘who were enrolled in’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, including who received’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exited’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exit’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) The average cost per worker of receiv-
ing training approved under section 236. 
‘‘(H) The percentage of workers who re-
ceived training approved under section 236 and obtained unsubsidized employment in a field related to that training.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by strik-
ing ‘‘quarterly’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) The median earnings of workers de-
scribed in section 239(j)(2)(A)(i)(III) during the second calendar quarter after exit from the program, expressed as a percentage of the median earnings of such workers before the calendar quarter in which such workers began receiving benefits under this chap-ter.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) the reports required under section 
239(j);’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a quar-
terly’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual’’. 
(c) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN -
TIAL DEFINED .—Section 247 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(19) The term ‘recognized postsecondary 
credential’ means a credential consisting of an industry-recognized certificate or certifi-cation, a certificate of completion of an ap-prenticeship, a license recognized by a State or the Federal Government, or an associate or baccalaureate degree.’’. 
SEC. 205. APPLICABILITY OF TRADE ADJUST-
MENT ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS. 
(a) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .— 
(1) P ETITIONS FILED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1 , 
2014, AND BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C ERTIFICATIONS OF WORKERS NOT CER -
TIFIED BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(i) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a group of workers as eli-gible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 
pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall make that deter-mination based on the requirements of sec-tion 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIALS OF CER -
TIFICATIONS .—If, before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary made a de-termination not to certify a group of work-ers as eligible to apply for adjustment assist-ance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall— 
(I) reconsider that determination; and (II) if the group of workers meets the re-
quirements of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance. 
(iii) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this clause is a petition for a cer-tification of eligibility for a group of work-ers filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a worker certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be eligible, on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to receive benefits only under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enact-ment. 
(ii) C
OMPUTATION OF MAXIMUM BENEFITS .— 
Benefits received by a worker described in clause (i) under chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 before the date of the en-actment of this Act shall be included in any determination of the maximum benefits for which the worker is eligible under the provi-sions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) P
ETITIONS FILED BEFORE JANUARY 1 , 
2014.—A worker certified as eligible to apply 
for adjustment assistance pursuant to a peti-
tion filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or before December 31, 2013, shall continue to be eligible to apply for and re-ceive benefits under the provisions of chap-ter 2 of title II of such Act, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
(3) Q
UALIFYING SEPARATIONS WITH RESPECT  
TO PETITIONS FILED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF DATE OF  
ENACTMENT .—Section 223(b) of the Trade Act 
of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall be applied and admin-istered by substituting ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ for ‘‘more than one year before the date of the petition on which such certifi-cation was granted’’ for purposes of deter-mining whether a worker is eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a peti-tion filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and on or before the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(b) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS.— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS NOT CERTIFIED  
BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2812 May 12, 2015 
(B) R ECONSIDERATION OF DENIAL OF CERTAIN  
PETITIONS .—If, before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary made a de-termination not to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall— 
(i) reconsider that determination; and (ii) if the firm meets the requirements of 
section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in ef-fect on such date of enactment, certify the firm as eligible to apply for adjustment as-sistance. 
(C) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this subparagraph is a petition for a certification of eligibility filed by a firm or its representative under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS THAT DID NOT  
SUBMIT PETITIONS BETWEEN JANUARY 1 , 2014, 
AND DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall certify a firm described in sub-paragraph (B) as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, if the firm or its representative files a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(B) F
IRM DESCRIBED .—A firm described in 
this subparagraph is a firm that the Sec-retary determines would have been certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assist-ance if— 
(i) the firm or its representative had filed 
a petition for a certification of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on a date during the period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2014, and ending on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(ii) the provisions of chapter 3 of title II of 
the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, had been in effect on that date during the period described in clause (i). 
SEC. 206. SUNSET PROVISIONS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF PRIOR LAW.—Subject to 
subsection (b), beginning on July 1, 2021, the provisions of chapters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.), as in effect on January 1, 2014, shall be in effect and apply, except that in applying and administering such chapters— 
(1) paragraph (1) of section 231(c) of that 
Act shall be applied and administered as if subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of that para-graph were not in effect; 
(2) section 233 of that Act shall be applied 
and administered— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by substituting ‘‘104- 
week period’’ for ‘‘104-week period’’ and all that follows through ‘‘130-week period)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by substituting ‘‘65’’ for ‘‘52’’; and 
(II) by substituting ‘‘78-week period’’ for 
‘‘52-week period’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering sub-
section (g) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(g) P
AYMENT OF TRADE READJUSTMENT AL-
LOWANCES TOCOMPLETE TRAINING .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, in order to assist an adversely affected work-er to complete training approved for the worker under section 236 that leads to the completion of a degree or industry-recog-nized credential, payments may be made as trade readjustment allowances for not more than 13 weeks within such period of eligi-bility as the Secretary may prescribe to ac-count for a break in training or for justifi-able cause that follows the last week for which the worker is otherwise entitled to a 
trade readjustment allowance under this chapter if— 
‘‘(1) payment of the trade readjustment al-
lowance for not more than 13 weeks is nec-essary for the worker to complete the train-ing; 
‘‘(2) the worker participates in training in 
each such week; and 
‘‘(3) the worker— ‘‘(A) has substantially met the perform-
ance benchmarks established as part of the training approved for the worker; 
‘‘(B) is expected to continue to make 
progress toward the completion of the train-ing; and 
‘‘(C) will complete the training during that 
period of eligibility.’’; 
(3) section 245(a) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’; 
(4) section 246(b)(1) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘the date that is 5 years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State’’; 
(5) section 256(b) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007, and $4,000,000 for the 3-month period beginning on October 1, 2007’’; 
(6) section 298(a) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of the fiscal years’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘October 1, 2007’’; and 
(7) section 285 of that Act shall be applied 
and administered— 
(A) in subsection (a), by substituting 
‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering sub-
section (b) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(b) O
THER ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE FOR FIRMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), assistance may not be pro-vided under chapter 3 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), any assistance approved under chapter 3 pursuant to a petition filed under section 251 on or before June 30, 2022, may be provided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pur-
suant to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the as-
sistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance. 
‘‘(2) F
ARMERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), assistance may not be pro-vided under chapter 6 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), any assistance approved under chapter 6 on or before June 30, 2022, may be provided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pur-
suant to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the as-
sistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance.’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of chap-
ters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall continue to apply on and after July 1, 2021, with respect to— 
(1) workers certified as eligible for trade 
adjustment assistance benefits under chapter 2 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 221 of that Act before July 1, 2021; 
(2) firms certified as eligible for technical 
assistance or grants under chapter 3 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 251 of that Act before July 1, 2021; and 
(3) agricultural commodity producers cer-
tified as eligible for technical or financial as-sistance under chapter 6 of title II of that 
Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 292 of that Act before July 1, 2021. 
SEC. 207. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
HEALTH COVERAGE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 35(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘before January 1, 2020’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATION WITHCREDIT FOR COV-
ERAGE UNDER A QUALIFIED HEALTH PLAN.— 
Subsection (g) of section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-
graph (13), and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(11) E
LECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—This section shall not 
apply to any taxpayer for any eligible cov-erage month unless such taxpayer elects the application of this section for such month. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING AND APPLICABILITY OF ELEC -
TION.—Except as the Secretary may pro-
vide— 
‘‘(i) an election to have this section apply 
for any eligible coverage month in a taxable year shall be made not later than the due date (including extensions) for the return of tax for the taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) any election for this section to apply 
for an eligible coverage month shall apply for all subsequent eligible coverage months in the taxable year and, once made, shall be irrevocable with respect to such months. 
‘‘(12) C
OORDINATION WITH PREMIUM TAX  
CREDIT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible coverage 
month to which the election under para-graph (11) applies shall not be treated as a coverage month (as defined in section 36B(c)(2)) for purposes of section 36B with re-spect to the taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH ADVANCE PAY -
MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDIT .—In the case 
of a taxpayer who makes the election under paragraph (11) with respect to any eligible coverage month in a taxable year or on be-half of whom any advance payment is made under section 7527 with respect to any month in such taxable year— 
‘‘(i) the tax imposed by this chapter for the 
taxable year shall be increased by the excess, if any, of— 
‘‘(I) the sum of any advance payments 
made on behalf of the taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and section 7527 for months during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(II) the sum of the credits allowed under 
this section (determined without regard to paragraph (1)) and section 36B (determined without regard to subsection (f)(1) thereof) for such taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) section 36B(f)(2) shall not apply with 
respect to such taxpayer for such taxable year, except that if such taxpayer received any advance payments under section 7527 for any month in such taxable year and is later allowed a credit under section 36B for such taxable year, then section 36B(f)(2)(B) shall be applied by substituting the amount deter-mined under clause (i) for the amount deter-mined under section 36B(f)(2)(A).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF ADVANCE PAYMENT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
7527 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2003’’ and in-serting ‘‘the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(1) of section 7527(e) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘occurring’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘occurring— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2813 May 12, 2015 
‘‘(A) after the date that is 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the Trade Adjust-ment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015, and 
‘‘(B) prior to the first month for which an 
advance payment is made on behalf of such individual under subsection (a).’’. 
(d) I
NDIVIDUAL INSURANCE TREATED AS  
QUALIFIED HEALTH INSURANCE WITHOUT RE-
GARD TO ENROLLMENT DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (J) of sec-
tion 35(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘insurance if the eligible individual’’ and all that follows through ‘‘For purposes of’’ and inserting ‘‘in-surance. For purposes of’’. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Subparagraph (J) of sec-
tion 35(e)(1) of such Code, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘insur-ance.’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance (other than coverage enrolled in through an Exchange established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act).’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(m) of section 6501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, 35(g)(11)’’ after ‘‘30D(e)(4)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(2) P
LANS AVAILABLE ON INDIVIDUAL MARKET  
FOR USE OF TAX CREDIT .—The amendment 
made by subsection (d)(2) shall apply to cov-erage months in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—Notwithstanding 
section 35(g)(11)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this title), an elec-tion to apply section 35 of such Code to an el-igible coverage month (as defined in section 35(b) of such Code) (and not to claim the credit under section 36B of such Code with respect to such month) in a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2013, and before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(A) may be made at any time on or after 
such date of enactment and before the expi-ration of the 3-year period of limitation pre-scribed in section 6511(a) with respect to such taxable year; and 
(B) may be made on an amended return. (g) A
GENCY OUTREACH .—As soon as possible 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the Treasury, Health and Human Services, and Labor (or such Secre-taries’ delegates) and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or the Director’s delegate) shall carry out pro-grams of public outreach, including on the Internet, to inform potential eligible individ-uals (as defined in section 35(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986) of the extension of the credit under section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the availability of the election to claim such credit retro-actively for coverage months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 208. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Fees may be charged under para-
graphs (9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 29, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) F
URTHER ADDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the 
period beginning on July 15, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SEC. 209. CHILD TAX CREDIT NOT REFUNDABLE 
FOR TAXPAYERS ELECTING TO EX-CLUDE FOREIGN EARNED INCOME FROM TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24(d) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Paragraph (1) shall 
not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 210. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment 
of corporate estimated tax which is other-
wise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 2.75 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in paragraph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to reflect the amount of the increase by rea-son of such paragraph. 
SEC. 211. COVERAGE AND PAYMENT FOR RENAL 
DIALYSIS SERVICES FOR INDIVID-UALS WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY. 
(a) C OVERAGE .—Section 1861(s)(2)(F) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(s)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including such renal dialy-sis services furnished on or after January 1, 2017, by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under section 1881(b)(14) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in section 1834(r)(2))’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT .—Section 1834 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(r) P
AYMENT FOR RENAL DIALYSIS SERV-
ICES FOR INDIVIDUALS WITHACUTE KIDNEY IN-
JURY .— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENT RATE .—In the case of renal 
dialysis services (as defined in subparagraph (B) of section 1881(b)(14)) furnished under this part by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under such section during a year (beginning with 2017) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in para-graph (2)), the amount of payment under this part for such services shall be the base rate for renal dialysis services determined for such year under such section, as adjusted by any applicable geographic adjustment factor applied under subparagraph (D)(iv)(II) of such section and may be adjusted by the Sec-retary (on a budget neutral basis for pay-ments under this paragraph) by any other adjustment factor under subparagraph (D) of such section. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-
vidual with acute kidney injury’ means an individual who has acute loss of renal func-tion and does not receive renal dialysis serv-ices for which payment is made under sec-tion 1881(b)(14).’’. SEC. 212. MODIFICATION OF THE MEDICARE SE-
QUESTER FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024. 
Section 251A(6)(D)(ii) of the Balanced 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)(D)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘0.0 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘0.25 percent’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘The Civil Nu-clear Agreement with China: Balancing the Potential Risks and Rewards.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–418, of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Exploring the Implementation and Future of the Veterans Choice Pro-gram.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 3:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Personnel of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 5:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support of the Committee on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.019 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2814 May 12, 2015 
Armed Services be authorized to meet 
during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Seapower of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2105, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 12, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RAUL HECTOR CASTRO PORT OF 
ENTRY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 1075 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-
ation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1075) to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 1075) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 tomorrow morning, Wednesday, May 13; that following the 
prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, and that the time be equally divided, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the sec-ond half; finally, that following morn-ing business, the Senate then resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:44 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, May 13, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY6.021 S12MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E671 May 12, 2015 
HONORING COLONEL CHARLES E. 
POWELL 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a dear friend and constituent, Colo-nel Charles E. Powell. Charles is being hon-ored this week by the Texas Southwest Coun-cil of the Boy Scouts as their Distinguished Citizen of the Year. 
Charles was born in Nashville, Arkansas on 
May 7, 1931. After finishing high school, Charles was accepted into the United States Naval Academy in July of 1950 and graduated with distinction on June 4, 1954. That day, he commissioned into the United States Air Force. 
Shortly after his commission, Charles be-
came an Air Force pilot and logged over 7000 flying hours. During the Vietnam War, he logged over 700 combat flying hours as a Rescue C–130 commander and is credited with fourteen combat saves. After the war, Charles served in many different leadership roles throughout the Air Force. In 1980, he was tasked to be the base commander of Goodfellow Air Force Base in San Angelo, TX. At the time, Goodfellow was scheduled to be closed and it was Charles’ job to prevent the base from being closed. He began working with local community leaders and assisted in shaping a new military mission for Goodfellow Air Force Base. Today, Charles’ impacts can still be felt at Goodfellow Air Force Base, as it serves as a training school for thousands of service members from across all branches to train in cryptology, intelligence, and fire-fighting. Charles’ dedication and leadership helped save a community that many veterans have come to love and adopt as their own home. 
After his decorated military career, Charles 
continued to serve San Angelo as a leader. Charles went on to serve as vice president of the Southwest Bank, known today as First Fi-nancial Bank. In addition to serving as VP of the Southwest Bank, Charles created and di-rected the SWB Investment Center Inc. He served as the Chairman, President, and CEO of the Center until he retired in 1995. From there, Charles served on a variety of commu-nity service based boards such as the San Angelo Chamber of Commerce, the United Way of Tom Green County and Texas, the Fort Conch Historical Society, the San Angelo City Council, among many more. 
Throughout the years, Charles has been 
supported by his loving wife Joanne. Joanne has assisted my constituents in my San An-gelo office during my entire tenure. Joanne is also an instrumental figure in assisting with our annual military service academy nomina-tions, which is a year round process for her. With Joanne’s assistance, many of the young men and women in our district go on to serve our nation and attend one of our distinguished service academies. Charles and Joanne’s sup-
port and dedication to this effort have made them very special pieces to my team. I am truly grateful for all of their hard work and dedication to the San Angelo community and to Texas’ 11th district. 
By serving his country and his community, 
Charles has upheld the Scout Oath: ‘To do my duty to God and my country and to obey the Scout Law; To help other people at all times; To keep myself physically strong, mentally awake and morally straight.’ His service has set an example for many generations of Boy Scouts. I am honored to have the opportunity to celebrate the achievements of Colonel Pow-ell with the Texas Southwest Council of the Boy Scouts. Again, I offer my congratulations to Charles for being this year’s Texas South-west Council of the Boy Scouts’ Distinguished Citizen. 
f 
HONORING BOB CARR AND THE 
GIVE SOMETHING BACK FOUNDA-TION 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Bob Carr, founder of the Give Some-thing Back Foundation. 
Bob Carr is a true American success story. 
Mr. Carr grew up in the countryside near Lockport, Illinois. The son of a waitress who worked nights to support the family, Mr. Carr graduated from the University of Illinois with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics and a mas-ter’s degree in computer science. He now is the President and CEO for Heartland Payment Systems, the fifth largest payment processor in the United States. Mr. Carr has received numerous industry accolades including being named Entrepreneur of the Year twice by Ernst and Young and receiving the first Life-time Achievement Award from the bankcard industry. 
In 2003, Bob Carr founded the Give Some-
thing Back Foundation to help financially dis-advantaged, academically-oriented students at Lockport Township High School earn a college degree. In addition to awarding scholarships, the foundation also provides students with a mentor and offers guidance to prepare them for college. Since its founding, the Give Some-thing Back Foundation has assisted 54 college graduates and has expanded to include 21 high schools throughout Will County. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the great service that Bob Carr and the Give Something Back Foundation have given to the students of Will County, Illi-nois. HONORING DR. YOEL AND MRS. 
EVA HALLER 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
recognize the life and accomplishments of Yoel and Eva Haller on the occasion of their combined ‘‘170th Birthday.’’ Dr. and Mrs. Haller are truly remarkable constituents of California’s 24th congressional district, and have touched the lives of countless others through their lifelong efforts in activism, medi-cine and philanthropy. 
Eva was born in Budapest, Hungary in 
1930. During World War II, she helped create anti-Hitler leaflets before going into hiding dur-ing the German occupation of Budapest. Later, after moving to the United States, Eva and her late husband Murray Roman co- founded the Campaign Communications Insti-tute of America. More recently, Eva has pas-sionately devoted her time, skills and re-sources to a number of causes. She has served on the boards of dozens of non-profit foundations and institutes, including Free the Children USA, the Women’s Leadership Board at the Kennedy School of Government at Har-vard University, and the Jane Goodall Insti-tute. She has also been honored with various recognitions and awards from Glasgow Cal-edonian University, the Forbes Women’s Sum-mit and the United Nations Population Fund, among many others. 
Yoel has dedicated his career to caring for 
others as a practicing Obstetrician/Gyne-cologist and later as a professor of OB–GYN medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Medical School. Dr. Haller also served as the Medical Director of Planned Parenthood San Francisco-Alameda Counties. In retirement, Yoel has joined his wife in advo-cating for numerous organizations and causes. 
Dr. and Mrs. Haller were married in 1987 
and have spent their lives together advocating for those less fortunate and the betterment of our community. The Hallers’ generous philan-thropy has benefitted not only the Santa Bar-bara community, but organizations and individ-uals around the world. We are grateful for their tireless dedication to improving the lives of others and making the world a better place. Today, as this exceptional couple celebrates their 85th birthdays, I wish them health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
KENTUCKY RIVER COAL CORPORA-
TION’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in celebration of the 100th Anniver-sary of the Kentucky River Coal Corporation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.001 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E672 May 12, 2015 
marking a major milestone in its long and im-
portant history in the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky. 
Kentucky River Coal Corporation was 
formed in April 1915, creating a land company with a large ownership of land, timber, coal, oil and gas and other minerals in eastern Ken-tucky. Congregating larger boundaries of min-eral properties made possible the arduous construction and development of the first rail-road into eastern Kentucky and resulted in mineral extraction entities employing thou-sands of people in the region. 
As with most American companies and peo-
ple, Kentucky River Coal Corporation strug-gled through the Great Depression, but stood strong through the First and Second World Wars, providing the natural resource base that literally helped power America. Timber from its properties was used in the early manufac-turing of automobile parts, like wooden spokes, as well as for housing across the country. With the discovery of oil and natural gas, Kentucky River Coal Corporation’s lands again produced important resources to power the nation. 
Through the decades since its formation, 
Kentucky River Coal Corporation has been a model corporate citizen in Kentucky, paying millions of dollars in taxes, and donating to various worthwhile causes. Through its chari-table outreach, Kentucky River Coal Corpora-tion has consistently funded important edu-cational programs, established scholarships for students, and made donations to many in-stitutions of higher learning across the state. The company has played an instrumental role in supporting local volunteer fire departments, helping them meet regulatory standards with training and equipment. In effort to support tourism in our region, the company partnered with the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife to return the majestic Elk to eastern Kentucky, where the herd now thrives, pro-viding a model for successful reintroduction of wildlife. 
Additionally, Kentucky River Coal Corpora-
tion joined with Operation UNITE to provide over $500,000 in much-needed funding to as-sist with substance abuse treatment and reha-bilitation. Hundreds of families across the re-gion, devastated by a loved one suffering from addiction, have expressed gratitude for the op-portunity for treatment that they otherwise could not afford. 
Over its 100 year history, Kentucky River 
Coal Corporation’s lessees have produced over 580 million tons of high quality central Appalachian coal used for decades in elec-trical generation and manufacturing across the nation. About one out of every 130 tons of coal produced in the United States over the past 100 years came from Kentucky River Coal Corporation. Over its history, the com-pany has returned millions of dollars in taxes to governments, paid salaries to employees, provided contributions to various charitable and educational institutions, and paid distribu-tions to the shareholders located throughout the United States, generating untold economic benefits to communities and shareholders across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in celebrating this great milestone for the Ken-tucky River Coal Corporation. I believe this company is poised for continued growth and success in the natural resources sector, pro-viding energy for a strong America. HONORING MARTHA PERINE 
BEARD 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege 
to rise today to honor and thank Mrs. Martha Beard for an outstanding forty-four year career of serving the public and to wish her well on retiring as Memphis Regional Executive of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis on May 8th, 2015. 
Originally from Mobile, Alabama, Mrs. Beard 
received a Bachelor of Arts from Clark Atlanta University and a Master’s in economics from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri. After, Mrs. Beard joined the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank as a management trainee and served in many different positions before being transferred to the Memphis Branch in 1997. As the Regional Executive, Mrs. Beard was responsible for conducting regional eco-nomic research, gauging monetary policy input for banking and business leaders, and hosting community seminars that provided education and materials covering the Memphis zone. The zone included western Tennessee, north-ern Mississippi, and eastern Arkansas. 
During her tenure in Memphis, Mrs. Beard 
was extremely active in the community. She served on the boards of Memphis Tomorrow, the Greater Memphis Chamber, United Way, St. Jude Children’s Hospital, Baptist Health Care, and Mid-South Minority Business Coun-cil. She has been profiled by many of the area’s publications and received numerous awards for her work from organizations like Leadership Memphis, the FBI, and the United Way. 
On behalf of Tennessee’s 8th Congressional 
District, I would like to congratulate and wish the best of luck for all future endeavors to the family and friends of Martha Perine Beard. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE ESTABLISH-MENT OF LUZERNE COUNTY HEAD START 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to help commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the establishment of Luzerne County Head Start, which provides my constituents with val-uable services in early childhood education and family development. The organization plays a vital role within our community, and I am thankful for its work. 
Luzerne County Head Start has offered cru-
cial aid to children and families since its incep-tion in 1965. The program has worked tire-lessly to provide 1,162 children in Luzerne and Wyoming Counties with an environment that is favorable to early academic development. Last month, I enjoyed spending time at the Hazle-ton Head Start Center, and was impressed with the students and faculty I met. The three and four year olds were excited to read and engage in their class science project. They are learning the skills that will help them to suc-ceed in kindergarten. Additionally, Head Start 
strives to encourage similar standards in healthy physical development. Members of the Head Start faculty educate their students about comprehensive health and nutrition, supplying them with information that will in-crease their well-being. 
In addition to placing an emphasis on early 
childhood development, Luzerne County Head Start also focuses on strengthening families. In order to assist them in achieving greater self-sufficiency, the organization provides fami-lies with a wide array of services, including housing, employment, and education. Notably, Head Start offers support to parents interested in attaining a high school General Equivalency Diploma as well as other education and em-ployment opportunities, all of which go a long way in ensuring brighter futures for parents and their children. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to honor 
Luzerne County Head Start as it celebrates its 50th Anniversary, and I commend the work that its faculty undertakes in order to serve the children and families of Luzerne and Wyoming Counties. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARTIN DOSTER 
FOR RETIREMENT AFTER 33 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Martin Doster on his retirement after serving 33 years with the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. Mr. Doster has been a vital member of the New York State Department of Environmental Conserva-tion since 1982 and has dedicated his career to conserve, improve, and protect New York’s natural resources and environment. 
Mr. Doster has served as the Western New 
York Regional Remediation Engineer for the Division of Environmental Remediation since 1989 and formerly was an engineer with the division of water beginning in 1982. During his tenure Mr. Doster oversaw the New York State Superfund Emergency Response Pro-gram where he was responsible for managing and coordinating efforts to remediate property impacted by hazardous waste. He has been responsible for the design and construction of many significant projects in Western New York, such as the Buffalo River Restoration Project and the Buffalo Color Remediation. Mr. Doster has also protected Western New York’s Environment by implementing and en-forcing the Clean Water Act, The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act. 
Mr. Doster’s service to the Western New 
York community does not stop with his work at the New York State Department of Environ-mental Conservation. Mr. Doster has helped educate future Civil and Environmental Engi-neers at University at Buffalo through graduate level courses and lectures. He has served as a leader in his community as a Past President and Chairman of the First Trinity Lutheran Church. Mr. Doster has the utmost pride in his community; this is demonstrated by his volun-teer service to the American Red Cross as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.004 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E673 May 12, 2015 
local team supervisor, service as a Boy Scout 
Troop Leader and devoting 8 years as as a DEC Team Leader for Brush Up Buffalo. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Mr. Mar-tin Doster. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Doster on an accomplished career, and to commend him for the exem-plary work he has done to enrich the commu-nities and protect the environment of Western New York. 
f 
NATIONAL SYRINGOMYELIA 
AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize May as National Syringomyelia Awareness Month, with the hope that in-creased awareness of this disorder will bring a cure. 
Syringomyelia, often referred to as SM, is a 
progressive disease of the spinal cord and has no known cure. Over 40,000 Americans are affected by SM and those individuals can suf-fer from chronic pain and even paralysis. It is imperative that we educate the public and pro-vide resources to the medical community in order to find a cure for this disease. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join 
me not just today but every day in helping to raise awareness to Syringomyelia. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE ENDING COR-
PORAL PUNISHMENT IN SCHOOLS ACT OF 2015 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
introduce a bill to end the use of corporal pun-ishment in our nation’s schools. 
Corporal punishment is a form of physical 
punishment where someone deliberately in-flicts pain on another individual in order to punish them. In schools, it includes the spank-ing or paddling of children by school officials. 
While corporal punishment in schools has 
its place in our nation’s history, it must be banned immediately. Not only is there no con-clusive evidence that it is actually beneficial in modifying disruptive behavior, but it is dis-proportionately used as a form of punishment for African American students and children with disabilities. These punishments can result in physical as well as emotional harm to chil-dren. 
Schools are supposed to be safe places 
where students are protected from harm. They are intended to nurture children as they grow and develop. However, 19 states still allow corporal punishments in school. Last year, the Children’s Defense Fund (CDF) reported that, on average, 838 children were hit each day in public school, based on a 180-day school year. This equates to just over 150,500 in-stances of corporal punishment per year. This statistic is astonishing considering the fact that 31 states have already banned corporal pun-ishment in schools. This bill would prohibit any educational insti-
tution from receiving federal funding that al-lows school personnel to inflict corporal pun-ishment on students and creates grants to en-courage climate and culture improvements in schools which promote positive behaviors. 
Mr. Speaker, corporal punishment is not 
proven as an effective means of disciplining children or modifying disruptive behavior. School should be a safe space for children to learn, grow, and develop, not live in fear of those who have been charged with their aca-demics. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. 
f 
UNVEILING THE SOUTHBURY 
SENIOR CENTER WALL OF HONOR 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the unveiling of the Wall of Honor at the Southbury Senior Center. 
Today, we recognize the senior citizens 
from Southbury who proudly served our coun-try in uniform. These men and women an-swered the call of duty to protect our nation and defend its ideals. They served during war and during peace, at home and abroad. No matter their deployment or their mission, each of our veterans deserves the recognition and accolades they will receive during today’s ceremony. 
While we can never fully repay our veterans 
for their service and sacrifice, I believe it is im-portant to take every opportunity to thank and honor them. I hope when the wall is revealed, 
each veteran will feel the appreciation and gratitude of our community and the entire na-tion. 
I would like to thank Wayne Rioux, Amanda 
Hadgraft, the staff and volunteers at Southbury Senior Center for creating this me-morial to recognize these local American he-roes. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,487,619,906.99. We’ve 
added $7,525,610,570,993.91 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. HONORING THE LUFKIN HIGH 
SCHOOL PANTHERS, 2015 CLASS 5A STATE SOCCER CHAMPIONS 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, state cham-
pionship titles are always an extraordinarily exciting accomplishment for athletes. But when that state championship is unprece-dented, it takes on a new dimension. 
It is truly an honor to acknowledge the out-
standing achievement of the history-making Lufkin High School Panthers soccer team. The Panthers completed their most impressive season yet by claiming the title of 2015 Class 5A State Soccer Champions, a victory which is also the first state soccer title claimed by a northeast Texas school of its size. 
After an unsteady start to their season with 
two back to back losses, the Panthers imme-diately recognized the challenging road omi-nously lying ahead of them. With renewed focus and zeal, the Panthers recovered from those losses and overcame stiff competition from their fellow east Texans to become the district champions. Due to their hard work and dedication, the Panthers then entered the playoffs with an exceptional win-streak of nine-teen matches. 
Lufkin’s first playoff match was to be a chal-
lenge for the team when the game lasted for nearly an hour before a goal was scored. The Panthers battled on to keep the score at 1–0, winning the game and advancing to the next round of the playoffs. Five hard-fought vic-tories followed, and the Panthers then ad-vanced to the championship game against Georgetown’s undefeated East View High School. Even though the championship was played on East View’s home field, the Pan-thers were undeterred due to the fact that they had never lost a game away from home. Dedi-cated fans from the ‘‘Panther Nation’’ arrived in exuberant force, driving the long distance to cheer on their home team. 
The team’s skill and fans’ encouragement 
were the necessary ingredients in the final match. Time and again the Panthers’ defense was tested, and their offense was held back. This did not last, however, and the Panthers were finally able to overcome East View’s de-fenses and score. When the game was over, the score stood as testament to the Panthers’ dogged determination coupled with their tanta-lizing talent. The final score was Lufkin 3 and East View 1. The Lufkin Panthers had won the state championship. 
Congratulations should be extended to team 
members Terry Mark, Sammy Villegas, 
Rodrigo Vargas, Cristian Julian, Cesar Camacho, Jesus Cisneros, Bradley Slusher, Alexis Roque, Omar Zamarripa, Javy Montes, Kacy Bennett, Javier Patlan, Chris Marquez, Dorian Bravo, Cristhian Pineda, Luis Lopez, Jake Williams, Joel Rodriguez, Gustavo Gar-cia, Ivan Hernadez, Omar Roque, and Miguel Gonzales. 
The staff and faculty who led and inspired 
the Panthers to victory consists of Lufkin High School Principal Mark Smith, Lufkin ISD Su-perintendent Dr. LaTonya Goffney, Head Coach Russell Shaw, Assistant Coach David McPherson, Assistant Coach Eliazar Caldera, Trainer Forestt Bridges, Trainer Sarah Hart-man, Student Trainer Edgar Medellin, Student 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12MY8.007 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E674 May 12, 2015 
Manager Coltone Radke, and Student Man-
ager Jessie Santoyo. 
It is a privilege to highlight this landmark 
achievement of East Texas’ own Lufkin High School Panthers soccer team. The Panthers not only made history by capturing the title of 2015 Class 5A State Soccer Champions, but they brought Panther pride to their team, their school, the Lufkin community, the First Con-gressional District of Texas, and the entire State of Texas. The Lufkin Panthers’ story of commitment and success is now recorded in the United States C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD , 
which will endure as long as there is a United States of America. 
f 
HONORING THE CENTER FOR VIC-
TIMS OF TORTURE’S 30TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the Center for Victims of Torture 
(CVT), torture survivors and CVT staff and vol-unteers on the occasion of the organization’s 30th anniversary. Since its inception in 1985, CVT has become a global leader in treating victims of torture here in the U.S. and around the world. CVT has provided life-saving mental health services and rehabilitative treatment to thousands of torture survivors from the Bos-nian War in Sarajevo in Eastern Europe to the Continent of Africa from Liberia to Sierra Leone. 
CVT represents the best of the United 
States to our planet’s most vulnerable citizens, and is one of only three healing treatment centers in the world. The professionals who care for torture survivors represent hope and dignity for thousands of people from more than 60 countries around the globe. 
In 1985, CVT set forth on a mission to ex-
tend interdisciplinary care to torture survivors in Minnesota, and over the years expanded those services to countries around the world, with healing centers today in Ethiopia, Jordan, Kenya and Uganda. The work has grown to include training professionals in the United States and international locations in the spe-cialized rehabilitation skills needed for people suffering the post-traumatic effects of torture, and also to advocating for human rights and put an end to torture practices. 
For the past three decades, CVT has 
helped more than 30,000 survivors reclaim their lives. Through combined direct services, capacity building and policy advocacy work, CVT has touched the lives of more than 50,000 survivors and approximately 100,000 of their family members. 
CVT was instrumental in helping Congress 
to pass the original Torture Victims Relief Act in 1998, which authorizes federal funding for torture survivor rehabilitation programs in the U.S. and abroad. 
Mr. Speaker, on May 14, 2015, the Center 
for Victims of Torture commemorates 30 years of helping torture survivors rebuild their lives and restore their hope. It is a great honor to work with CVT and its dedicated staff and vol-unteers. Please join me in paying tribute to the Center for Victims of Torture and its distin-guished commitment to providing healing and hope to those who most need it. CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF 
HARKER HEIGHTS COUNCILMAN SAM MURPHY 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the career of Harker Heights Councilman Sam Murphy who will re-tire on May 12, 2015. Sam’s extraordinary commitment to community service reflects the best values of Central Texas. 
Sam thrived in a 22-year career in the U.S. 
Army where he took on assignments in the United States, Europe, Korea, and Vietnam. During his prestigious military career, he grad-uated from Airborne and Ranger schools, had a teaching assignment in the Gunnery Depart-ment of the U.S. Army Field Artillery School, graduated from the U.S. Marine Corps Com-mand and Staff College, and had an assign-ment at the U.S Air Force Academy as the Air Officer Commanding of Cadet Squadron 29. He retired from the Army at Fort Hood, Texas on October 1, 1989. 
Sam continued his public service by joining 
the office of former Representative Chet Edwards. He proved to be a leader and voice of the people as he represented servicemen and veterans in then District 11. During his time as Rep. Edwards’ liaison to military and veteran communities, Sam’s personal military history proved to be an invaluable asset when serving those who have sacrificed so much to preserve our freedoms. Sam retired on March 31, 2007 after working for U.S. Rep. Edwards for 16 years. 
With his established community service and 
his proven leadership skills, Sam successfully ran for Harker Heights City Council. He contin-ued to serve and better his community every day. Throughout his time on the Council, Sam made a positive impact on his beloved home-town and for that we are forever grateful. 
Sam’s service doesn’t stop when the work 
day is over. He is active in local community af-fairs including serving as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Heart O’ Texas Federal Credit Union, teaching federal and state gov-ernment at Central Texas College’s Fort Hood Campus, co-founding the Harker Heights Eco-nomic Development Corporation and co-found-ing the Leadership Belton program. His mili-tary background and experience prepared him for being president of the Central Texas—Fort Hood Chapter of the Association of the United States Army. 
Retirement is to be celebrated and enjoyed. 
It is not the end of a career, but rather the be-ginning of a new adventure. I commend Sam Murphy for his hard work and dedication to his community. I wish Sam, his wife Peggy, and their children and grandchildren only the best in the years ahead. CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE CARROLLTON- FARMERS BRANCH CYCLONES SPECIAL OLYMPICS TEAM 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored to recognize the 25th Anniversary of the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Cyclones Special Olympics Team founded in 1990 by Julia Scott and Patrick Noonan. The non-profit organiza-tion will be celebrating this landmark achieve-ment at a special May 15, 2015 appreciation dinner to honor the founders. 
The Cyclones are a chartered Special Olym-
pics Texas team serving the needs of adults and children with intellectual disabilities. The organization provides them with year-round sports training and athletic competition in a wide variety of sports. Some of the sporting events that the Cyclones participate in include bowling, basketball, aquatics, track & field, bocce ball, and flag football. 
Since the founding of the Cyclones in 1990, 
the organization has functioned as an all-vol-unteer group committed to providing services to hundreds of athletes with intellectual disabil-ities. Additionally, the non-profit organization regularly raises all the funds needed to sup-port the training, travel, and competition costs of their athletes through a bowling event and a gala. 
The Cyclones have been tremendously suc-
cessful in their endeavors, with Carrollton- Farmers Branch athletes competing with suc-cess at both regional and state levels. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Cyclones Special Olympics Team on their successes and in celebrating their 25th Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JESSICA MARSHALL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Jessica Marshall upon winning the Congressional Art Competition in the 3rd District of Iowa. Jes-sica, a junior at Griswold High School, is the daughter of Michael and Tracy Marshall of Lewis, Iowa. 
The Congressional Art Competition, ‘‘An Ar-
tistic Discovery,’’ is open to high school stu-dents nationwide. Since 1982, the competition has been an opportunity for Members of Con-gress to encourage and recognize the artistic talents of their young constituents. One winner is selected by a panel of 16 judges, one from each county in Iowa’s 3rd District. 
Jessica’s piece, ‘‘Word Art: The Young 
Child,’’ was named the winner out of over 75 entries. It is a unique and moving graphite pencil drawing of a young boy drawn entirely of words. Jessica’s creativity and dedication to her craft is admirable. The example set by this young woman demonstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s talents and sharing them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.005 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E675 May 12, 2015 
with the world. ‘‘Word Art: The Young Child’’ 
will be displayed in the halls of the Capitol for all to admire and enjoy. 
I commend Jessica for her artistic talents 
and I know that my colleagues in the United States Congress will join me in congratulating her for being chosen as the winner of the Congressional Art Competition in the 3rd Dis-trict of Iowa. It is an honor to serve Iowans like Jessica and her parents, and I wish her the best of luck in her future academic and ar-tistic endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CINDY BERANEK 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to 
recognize Ms. Cindy Beranek on her out-standing teaching career. For more than thirty- two years, Ms. Beranek engaged the imagina-tions of her art students at Stratford Senior High School. 
Her passion for art and teaching was evi-
dent in her students’ artwork. Stratford High School is always well represented in the an-nual Congressional Art Competition, often earning top honors, and, in the case of the 2015 competition, they took home all four awards, including the grand prize. 
Mr. Speaker, we recognize the powerful role 
that teachers play in molding our children’s minds, but it is a rare teacher who also shapes their hearts. Ms. Beranek leaves a leg-acy of devoted service to the Stratford com-munity, but takes with her the thanks and ap-preciation of a countless many students who will always treasure their time in her class-room. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HAROLD 
CUMMINGS 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in sadness to honor the life of a friend, neigh-bor, and local stalwart from the Town of Vernon, Harold ‘‘Hal’’ Cummings, who passed away this month. 
Most recently, Hal served as town attorney 
in Vernon, but he held a number of local posi-tions over the years including the Conserva-tion Commission, the Planning and Zoning Commission, and the Board of Education. He was also involved in his local church and Ro-tary Club and was a founding member of the local Chamber of Commerce. This list of ac-complishments demonstrates that Hal held the well-being of Vernon, Connecticut close to his heart. Hal, his wife Isabel and their children Jay, Joel, and Justin fostered a commitment to community that runs deep through their family and is felt profoundly by Vernon residents. Hal’s passing is a loss for our town and the many local employees and advocates who re-lied on his experience and advice. 
While Harold had long served as the town’s 
top Republican as the Chairman of the Repub-lican Town Committee, he and I shared a mu-tual respect and friendship that transcended 
party affiliation. My respect for Harold stemmed from his unwavering and long-stand-ing commitment to the betterment of our com-munity, and from the many times we worked together to make progress in the town of Vernon. 
Hal’s record of military service, as well as 
that of his son Joel, was a source of great pride for him. After I was elected to Congress, he always made positive, informed comments on military policy, the stresses of active duty service, and the need to help America’s vet-erans. Hal was a staunch supporter of the New England Civil War museum, one of Vernon’s most treasured destinations—yet an-other example of his widespread involvement in our community. 
Harold was known throughout Vernon for 
his positivity, and his hard work to keep our town running smoothly. I ask my colleagues to join me in remembering the life and achieve-ments of Harold Cummings, and expressing our deepest condolences to his friends and family. 
f 
REINTRODUCING THE WILDLIFE 
VETERINARIANS EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ACT OF 2015 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
reintroduce the Wildlife Veterinarians Employ-ment and Training Act of 2015. This legislation will promote robust public health policy, pro-mote needed job growth, and create more af-fordable opportunities for individuals who are interested in becoming wildlife and zoological veterinarians. 
As you know, wildlife and zoo veterinarians 
are the primary source of essential health care and management that is required for animals in both their natural habitat and in captivity. These physicians preserve natural resources and the lives of animals while subsequently helping to protect human health by preventing, detecting and responding to exotic and dan-gerous diseases. 
As global interaction between humans, live-
stock and wildlife have intensified over the decades, the threat posed by emerging infec-tious diseases to humans and wildlife con-tinues to increase. Controlling pandemic and large-scale outbreaks of disease has become more challenging over the years, yet there has never been a time where this is a more perti-nent issue. We must take preventative meas-ures to ensure the well-being of both animals and humans. However, the United States faces a shortage of positions for wildlife and zoo veterinarians to ensure our safety from this threat. 
Following their graduation, professionals 
that practice wildlife and zoological veterinary medicine move on to earn relatively low sala-ries, compared to their companions in animal medicine. Studies have also shown that on av-erage, veterinarian graduates owe roughly $130,000 in student loans. The expectation of a low salary, combined with enormous edu-cational debt, amidst insufficient employment opportunities, discourages these students from pursuing these vitally important careers. More-over, due to the severe lack of practical train-
ing and formal educational programs special-izing in wildlife and zoological veterinary medi-cine, many that do graduate are unable to make significant contributions to the field im-mediately. 
My bill directly addresses these issues 
which prevent and dissuade veterinarians from practicing wildlife and zoological medicine. It will also contribute to the national job creation effort by funding new positions for wildlife and zoo veterinarians to enter upon graduation. The bill will limit the amount of educational debt for students while providing incentives to practice wildlife and zoo veterinary medicine through the establishment of scholarships and loan repayment programs. Lastly, my legisla-tion will advance education by helping schools develop pilot curricula around wildlife and zoo veterinary medicine by expanding the number of practical training programs available to stu-dents. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, wild animals 
play a very critical role in our natural re-sources and contribute to maintaining a bal-
anced ecosystem. The number of endangered species has only increased. Invasive non-na-tive species and infectious disease threaten our public health. Therefore, wildlife and zoo-logical veterinarians must be prioritized and given the resources and recognition necessary to protect both animal and human lives. 
I urge my colleagues to extend a helping 
hand to America’s veterinarians by supporting this important piece of legislation. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 175TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF ST. MARY’S COL-LEGE OF MARYLAND 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 16, 2015, 
students, faculty, and staff will gather in his-toric St. Mary’s City, Maryland, to celebrate the St. Mary’s College of Maryland Class of 2015 Commencement. They—along with many others across Maryland and our coun-try—will also be marking the 175th anniver-sary of the College’s founding. 
Since its humble beginnings in 1840 as a 
public, nonsectarian boarding school for girls at the elementary through secondary levels, St. Mary’s College of Maryland has been a center of learning and educational empower-ment. Set along the St. Mary’s River, where Leonard Calvert and the first English settlers disembarked from the Ark and Dove in 1634 
to found the colony of Maryland, it expanded in the early twentieth century to become the State’s first junior college and became co-edu-cational. In the 1960’s, the school transitioned into a four-year college and granted its first undergraduate degrees in 1971. Recognizing its tradition of excellence in liberal arts edu-cation, its high standards, and its unique his-tory, the Maryland General Assembly formal-ized St. Mary’s College of Maryland as a pub-lic honors college in 1992. Today, it continues to graduate some of Maryland’s best and brightest students from thirty-one academic programs. 
I am proud to represent the students, fac-
ulty, and staff of St. Mary’s College of Mary-land in Congress as well as to have served as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:00 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.009 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E676 May 12, 2015 
a member of its Board of Trustees since 1995. 
Alumni of the College run businesses, con-tribute to the arts and athletics, conduct re-search in marine biology and the environment, report the news through national outlets, and serve in government—including in my Con-gressional office. They are continuing their alma mater’s tradition of preparing graduates to make a difference wherever they live and work throughout Maryland and across our country. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in con-
gratulating the entire St. Mary’s College of Maryland community, led by its dynamic new President, Tuajuanda Jordan, on reaching its 175th year of serving as a living memorial to those first Maryland colonists’ commitment to religious freedom, tolerance, and opportunity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ST. CLOUD AREA 
CHAMBER BUSINESS AWARDS RECIPIENTS 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of the recipients of the St. Cloud Area Chamber of Commerce Small Business Owner of the Year, St. Cloud Area Family Owned Business of the Year, and the St. Cloud Area Emerging Entrepreneur. 
Larry Logeman is the 2015 St. Cloud Area 
Small Business Owner of the Year. Larry is quite literally a man with a plan. Though he did not grow up with the dream of one day owning a business, he wrote a plan to become a business owner and set a personal deadline of 5–7 years. Nearing the end of his time-frame, he bought Executive Express. Larry’s customer-focused business model has served him well. What began as a modest shuttle service between central Minnesota and the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport grew into a business with 85 employees, 31 vehi-cles, and a projected revenue stream of $3 million in 2015. 
Viking Coca-Cola, owned by Michael Faber, 
is the St. Cloud Area Family Owned Business of the Year. After Joe Faber, one of the found-ers and owners of the company, passed away in the 1990s, his son Michael moved back to Minnesota to join the management team. Keeping it in the family proved fruitful for the business. With Michael’s help, Viking Coca- Cola capitalized on its existing success by ex-panding to canning and adding new products where consumer needs arose. The company now boasts nearly 500 employees and has a multi-state distribution operation. To top it all off, Michael and the company are active mem-bers in the community, helping local organiza-tions and participating in charitable events. 
Luke Riordan, owner of DAYTA Marketing, 
is the St. Cloud Area Emerging Entrepreneur. DAYTA’s success is attributed to its focus on a specific subsect of the digital communica-tions field—people and businesses who need help with social media but at an affordable price. Luke and his team work closely with their clients towards a noticeable online pres-ence for their businesses. Luke’s ambition matches the digital marketing industry—it’s not slowing down. His company’s doors opened in early 2012, and in the last three years they’ve expanded into larger office space four times 
and now have 25 employees. 
I know I speak for the entire 6th District 
when I say I am so proud of these individuals’ hard work and the example they set for those around them. Small businesses—and their owners—truly are the lifeblood of our beloved nation. The St. Cloud Area Chamber of Com-merce picked an excellent group to highlight this year. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask this body join me in hon-
oring Larry Logeman, Viking Coca-Cola, and Luke Riordan for their invaluable contributions to St. Cloud and the surrounding area, and the State of Minnesota. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF KAISER PERMANENTE’S SACRAMENTO MEDICAL CENTER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Kaiser Permanente’s Sacramento Medical Center as the Center celebrates its 50th anniversary. For half a century, Kaiser’s Sacramento Medical Center has provided high quality care to residents of the Greater Sac-ramento area. As members, physicians, and staff gather to celebrate the Center’s 50th an-niversary, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Kaiser Permanente Sacramento Medical Center and its indispensable place in the Sacramento health care community. 
Kaiser Permanente was founded 70 years 
ago in Oakland, by Henry J. Kaiser, a busi-ness leader who believed in providing afford-able, quality health care. Today, Kaiser Permanente is the nation’s oldest and largest health care system. 
On May 1, 1965, Kaiser Permanente began 
providing health care for the first time in the Sacramento region with the purchase of the 64-bed Arden Community Hospital on Morse Avenue. The hospital opened with 13 physi-cians serving 12,000 members. Since then, Kaiser Permanente has grown into a leading health care provider and one of the largest pri-vate employers in the region with more than 737,200 members, 1,530 physicians, and 11,780 staff. 
The Sacramento Medical Center has been 
integral to Kaiser Permanente’s success in the region, earning numerous honors over the years, including Top Hospital from The Leap-frog Group, Top Performer from The Joint Commission, and Best Hospital by U.S. News & World Report. As the population of the re-gion has grown, the Sacramento Medical Cen-ter has grown to meet its needs. The Center now has 287 beds and one of the busiest emergency rooms in the region. The Center is home to the Comprehensive Community Can-cer Center, an Advanced Neuroscience Cen-ter, and a certified Primary Stroke Center. 
In addition, Kaiser Permanente has helped 
improve the health of the region through its in-volvement in community programs, including support of the local nonprofit clinics, Sheriff’s Community Impact Program, Arden Manor Recreation and Park District, Mutual Assist-ance Network, and the San Juan Unified School District. Mr. Speaker, as the physicians, staff, and 
members of the Kaiser Permanente Sac-ramento Medical Center come together to cel-ebrate the Center’s 50th anniversary, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring their ex-cellent work in the Sacramento Region. I am confident that the Sacramento Medical Center will continue to be a leader and a model for quality health care for many years to come. 
f 
HONORING KEVIN JONES 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Kevin Jones, a dedicated educator and principal of Center High School in Center, Colorado. In recognition of his continued ex-cellence, the Colorado Association of Sec-ondary School Principals has selected Mr. Kevin Jones as the 2015 Colorado High School Principal of the Year. 
Mr. Jones earned this competitive award 
achieving many successes despite the chal-lenges of a rural and bilingual institution. Six out of the last seven years have seen the school earn the Colorado Department of Edu-cation’s Center of Education Excellence while simultaneously earning the Colorado Edu-cation Initiative’s Healthy Schools Champion Award for 4 consecutive years. Mr. Jones’ leadership and personal attention to each stu-dent along with constructive assessment of teachers and the curriculum on a regular basis has enabled Center High School to rise con-siderably above academic standards in the state. 
Mr. Speaker, it is truly a privilege to honor 
Mr. Jones for his enthusiasm and ability to in-spire students and his staff. His dedication to teaching and his desire to excel as an educa-tor and leader continue to benefit his commu-nity. I congratulate Mr. Jones on his selection for this prestigious award. 
f 
ROSIE TILLES OBITUARY 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, as night fell she entered, like a light: on October 17, 1910, Rosie (Willie) Thurmond was born on a small rural farm in Lexington, Mississippi. Alfred and Missouri (Polk) Thur-mond were resilient and spiritually fulfilled par-ents who taught their daughter to love and al-ways be faithful to God, church and family. Rosie was the eldest of four Thurmond chil-dren: Alfred, Jr. (departed), Joseph (departed), and an only sister, Juanita. In living out her parents’ expectations of her, in a way, Rosie’s own narrative is suggestive of other God fear-ing women pioneers’ stories. No different than the likes of Harriet Tubman who escaped slav-ery to become an important abolitionist, Rosie possessed the same strength of character, which inevitably called her to migrate from one place to another, and then all at once return for others. Many times she traveled back to the Jim Crow South and northern states. Who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.013 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E677 May 12, 2015 
will never remember that Rosie went by Am-
trak and Greyhound bus to liberate family and friends from various forms of oppression? Ulti-mately, she would selflessly welcome many of her people to the same sense of freedom she found in southern California. Los Angeles, was the warm and sunny place she fondly called her home. The length and quality of this blessed woman’s life is to be examined by the use of nonlinear contexts, spaces, stories, memories, photographs and God-filled times that span the miraculous course of one hun-dred and four years. So long a journey. Hers was a supply of great love and great associa-tions. Rosie lived just long enough to put some of the pieces of the great mysteries of this life together. Her sunrise was like her sun-
set—deepening in a Word and a Love that has always been. On March 3, 2015, as night fell she returned to the Light. 
Because she was born in the early 1900’s 
and lived in a segregated cotton county, Rosie’s timely life was certainly full of social, political, economic, and educational hardships. Because of rigid anti-black laws, she faced in-surmountable obstacles. Being a person of color and growing up in the South meant she had little if any genuine recourse in a racial caste system. Thus, Rosie would only travel a limited path toward academic achievement. As a girl child, with plaited hair, she was forced to leave the Sharp Rural School in the fourth grade to work alongside her parents in swel-tering fields throughout Holmes County. She knew an early life of August heat and sweat, March rainfall, floods and manual labor, which can scarcely be understood by young people today. She often shared the details of her small farm life. Her recollections were of ‘‘quiet songs,’’ saving dimes, forgotten relics, and homemade remedies, like lard salves and Vicks vapor rubs, which she promised could cure everything from fevers to the flu. 
Rosie told the old childhood stories about 
growing food, making soap, washing clothes by hand, hanging them on a line to dry, pluck-ing birds, fetching water from wells, gathering firewood for potbelly stoves, picking cotton, and marching the long dusty miles to and from Zion Hill AME. But what child could bear such a trying life? A child who knew who her Heav-enly Father was, a child who thought to pray in the Spirit at all times and on every occa-sion. According to Rosie, color did not matter. She didn’t hate nobody. She loved everybody. So even though racism and poverty made it extremely difficult for girls of color to advance, the same systematic measures of disparity that created a strong sense of depression and rage in others, cultivated Rosie’s individual de-sire for change, and her unwavering commit-ment to the embodiment of peace, and her quest for equal access to greater opportuni-ties. 
What was once, always shall be; and now 
imagine a life devoted to service and prayer. As a young door keeper in the house of the Lord, Rosie would rise afore the sun, boil a kettle, and travel to the little white church house altar, long before the other congregants gathered there. And far before Rosie left Lex-ington for Jackson, and Jackson for California, she carried ‘‘God’s will be done’’ prayers, and cadences like ‘‘If I Can Help Somebody’’ along the old Tchula road. She served God by sing-ing spirituals and hymns with His choirs. She went to Sunday school, prayer meetings and revivals. As a beginning usher, she distributed bulletins, service programs, and paper stick- 
fans. She collected the tithes and offerings. Young Rosie was adept at it. 
As a symbol of her friendship and deep love 
for a young man from her hometown, she courted and then married the late Abner Cross in 1929. They settled on the Roger plantation in the Rose Bank community. The Rose Bank Baptist Church soon became her new place of worship. In the midst of the Great Depression and attacks on Pearl Harbor, their union brought forth the lives of four children: Earlene, Lonnie (departed) James, (departed) and Gerlee (departed). As fate would have it, Gerlee died of pneumonia at age seven. And then Rosie faced the trials of a mother’s deep-est anguish. When asked how she endured the loss of a child, she often said her faith in 
God healed the wounds of that grief. When more seasons changed, and her marriage ended, she did not give up or sit down and grieve. Rosie continued to trust in God for comfort, peace, hope and direction. Alas: She left Lexington and her family in order to see if she could live differently in Jackson, Mis-sissippi. Her new way of living developed in parallel. Rosie experienced the innovations of city life. She loved the modern amenities of a grander place of greater size and population. She liked the nuances of going to downtown Jackson or ‘‘Little Harlem’’ for Cotillions. But more relevantly, she was glad to be an usher for the Blair Street Baptist Church. However, there were still recollections of rural life and the family she left behind. Nonetheless, Rosie gladly worked at the Old Baptist Hospital on State Street. She was a nightshift cook for dis-abled children, doctors and nurses. While in Lexington she also worked and studied dili-gently to become a beautician. It seems only fitting that Rosie’s ordered steps would start her out on a new journey. 
In the summer of 1951, Rosie decided that 
she would move to Los Angeles, California. She boarded a westbound Amtrak train, with a small suitcase, and a letter of recommendation from a White employer who praised her ex-ceptional domestic work and cooking skills. Al-though she was leaving the only state that she had ever known, she traveled with a great sense of optimism. Further assured by her un-wavering faith in GOD, and a belief that the outcome of this westward journey would wel-come her into a land ripe with the new possi-bilities, she eagerly moved in with her close friends George and Frankie Sims. She stayed with them until she was able to secure a day job and save enough money to rent her own housing. During this time, she also began at-tending various worship services around Los Angeles. She was in search of a new church home. Eventually her diligence led her to First African Methodist Episcopal Church at 8th and Town Avenue. This church would later be-come the foundation for FAME. During her membership at FAME, Rosie served in various capacities. She was a Sunday school teacher, and a member of both Usher Board No. 1 and the Sarah Allen Women’s Missionary Society. 
As Rosie continued to settle into the bless-
ings of her new California life, the Sims intro-duced her to their good friend Clarence Tilles (departed). Clarence was a kind and gentle man of great integrity. They would marry in 1952 and remain together and in-love until his death in 1990. While Rosie embraced new-lywed life, she began to encounter some of the familiar racial inequalities that were ramp-ant in the South. Although the city of Los An-
geles did not practice some of the more overt segregation policies found in southern states, there was extreme discrimination in housing, which prevented many minorities from renting apartments or purchasing homes in specific areas of the city. Despite these constant ob-stacles, Rosie and Clarence were finally able to rent a modest two bedroom apartment near downtown Los Angeles. They moved into the William Meade Housing Project, which is lo-cated near historic landmarks like The San Antonio Winery, Olvera Street and Union Sta-tion. Because of the loud barking that came from the neighboring Ann Street Animal Shel-ter, the William Meade Housing Project was also known as ‘‘Dog Town.’’ 
Nevertheless, Rosie and Clarence’s new 
home provided a deep sense of belonging and community, which would later be enhanced by the arrival of deeply missed members of Rosie’s Mississippi family. The new settlers in-cluded her daughter (Earlene), her grand-daughter (Mary) her mother (Missouri), her Aunt (Lee), her brother (Alfred Jr.), her Sister (Juanita), her nieces (Debra, Denise, Shelia and Rochelle) and nephews (Dyke and the late Bernard Redmond). Rosie and Clarence would also host numerous friends and family as they vacationed or relocated to California. She called the old red brick, William Meade Housing Project home for over 40 years. She not only helped raise her grandchildren and great-grandchildren there, she was also able to establish close knit ties and bonds with generations of families in her community. She also participated and volunteered to fill bags in a community based outreach program that fed disadvantaged families in the project. This is yet another example of how Rosie devoted her life to family and to the service and care of others. When Clarence went home to be with God, Rosie moved across the street from her second home: The First African Methodist Episcopal Church of Los Angeles. 
Before becoming physically unable to do so, 
Rosie attended three services every Sunday for over twenty years. She also attended pray-er meetings every Wednesday at Noon. Yet even as her memory faded, and her eyesight weakened and her gait became more un-steady, she persevered. She told anyone who asked her how she was doing that I’m slow but sure. Again, Rosie’s was a steady upright walk with the Lord. As she did in childhood, Rosie faithfully began each day of her older life in prayer. She was often overheard calling out the names of family and friends in her evening petitions to God. When she felt like she could not go any further, she took to her easy chair and received the spiritual nourish-ment she required by watching The Church Channel from sun up until sundown. 
It has been said that the things you do for 
yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your leg-acy. Rosie leaves an incredible legacy for her family and friends to value. Since Rosie lived such a rich yet unembellished life, not a soul has to worry about how to divide the love she left behind. During the last several years, Rosie lived at the St. John of God Retirement and Care Center in Los Angeles. She was blessed to have many visitors. Although some-times when her memory failed her, she would lean over to see who she thought you might have been. When guessing failed and she could not recall, Rosie would often shake her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.017 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E678 May 12, 2015 
head and say that she had so many relatives 
and loved ones that she could not remember them all by name. She would simply look you in your eyes and say, ‘‘You know your name.’’ Those beloved names include her devoted Daughter Earlene Dye, her loving sister Jua-nita Redmond, 11 grandchildren, 21 great- grandchildren, and 15 great-great-grand-children, a great number of relatives and friends and members of her extended church family. 
The end is in the beginning and lies far 
ahead.—Ralph Ellison. 
f 
HONORING MS. BARBARA WAGNER 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to honor Ms. Barbara Wagner. Ms. Wagner is being honored by the Buffalo Gay Men’s Chorus with the prestigious title of ‘Ar-tistic Director Emeritus’. 
Ms. Wagner was the founding artistic direc-
tor of the Buffalo Gay Men’s Chorus. She helped found the group in 2001 and con-ducted their first meeting on September 11th. Although this day was tragic to all Americans, this group was able to find solace during their first rehearsal. Ms. Wagner bound the newly formed choir with the song ‘‘How Can I Keep From Singing,’’ which would then go on to be performed at every concert and rehearsal for her 10 year tenure and beyond. 
While the choir was under Ms. Wagner’s 
leadership, the Buffalo Gay Men’s Choir re-ceived numerous awards, and performed on some of the grandest stages in Buffalo. With Ms. Wagner’s direction the BGMC received multiple ‘‘Best in Buffalo’’ Awards from the local Artvoice newspaper, and was recognized by the Empire State Pride Agenda in 2005 for excellence in music and dedication to the community. Ms. Wagner led the choir to re-ceive the prestigious Buffalo and Erie County Arts Council Award for exceptional contribu-tions to the arts and cultural community in Western New York. Under Ms. Wagner’s lead-ership the choir performed at the historic Kleinhans Music Hall in Buffalo, and alongside the renowned Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra. 
Ms. Barbara Wagner’s commitment to The 
Buffalo Gay Men’s Chorus is to be recognized with the distinguished title of ‘Artistic Director Emeritus’, during a special ceremony in their upcoming concert. I ask today, Mr. Speaker, that we honor her dedication to the arts and successes as choir director. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED RODNEY ROLLO 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved Rodney Rollo. Rodney was a true patriot, and he will be greatly missed. 
Rodney was born in Pensacola, Florida and 
raised in neighboring Santa Rosa County, Florida. After graduating from Milton High 
School, Rodney answered the call of duty, en-listing in the United States Navy in 1947. After serving 20 years with honor and distinction, Rodney retired from the Navy in 1967 as a Chief Hospital Corpsman and moved to Wash-ington D.C., where he worked as Chief of Ad-ministrative Services for the American Psy-chiatric Association. However, as with so many others born and raised along the Gulf Coast, Rodney returned to his hometown in 1975, and he and his wife, Ann settled in Mil-ton. 
Rodney was a proud lifelong Republican, 
and after moving back to Northwest Florida, he quickly immersed himself in local politics, becoming a leader in civil society. Rodney and Ann joined the Santa Rosa County Republican Executive Committee, and, with an unwaver-ing commitment to advancing the conservative principles upon which our country was found-ed, they worked tirelessly to register Repub-licans across Santa Rosa County. In just over a decade, Rodney and Ann’s efforts helped tri-ple the number of registered Republicans in the county, and soon thereafter, every county elective office was held by a Republican. Rod-ney’s leadership was recognized on many oc-casions, as he served multiple terms as Chair-man of the Santa Rosa County Republican Executive Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am honored to recognize the life and service of Rodney Rollo. He was a loving husband, patriot, and defender of freedom, and his immense contributions to Northwest Florida will be felt for years to come. My wife Vicki and I extend our deepest condolences and prayers to his sister, Betty Rollo Wolfe; nieces and nephews: Janet (Larry) Chambers, Tom (Sue) Palmer, Jeannie Cotton, Sam (Nancy) Palmer, John Palmer, Rebecca (Doug) Griener, and Sandra Clark, and the en-tire Rollo family. 
f 
THE ENGAGEMENT OF THE U.S. 
BISHOPS IN MORAL QUESTIONS REGARDING NUCLEAR WEAPONS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
recently hosted a briefing entitled Catholic En-gagement on Nuclear Disarmament: What are the moral questions? and one of the speakers, Dr. Stephen M. Colecchi, presented the fol-lowing statement: 
At the time of Senate ratification of the 
New START Treaty in 2010, Cardinal Francis George, OMI, then President of the U.S. Con-ference of Catholic Bishops, whose death we recently mourned, declared: ‘‘The horribly destructive capacity of nuclear arms makes them disproportionate and indiscriminate weapons that endanger human life and dig-nity like no other armaments. Their use as a weapon of war is rejected in Church teaching based on just war norms.’’ 
The Cardinal was standing on a firm foun-
dation of longstanding teaching when he made that assertion. The 1983 pastoral letter, ‘‘The Challenge of Peace,’’ established the U.S. Catholic bishops as a moral voice on nu-clear disarmament. The bishops argued that ‘‘each proposed addition to our strategic sys-tem or change in strategic doctrine must be assessed precisely in light of whether it will 
render steps toward ‘progressive disar-mament’ more or less likely.’’ 
Ten years later in the ‘‘Harvest of Justice 
is Sown in Peace,’’ the bishops declared: ‘‘The eventual elimination of nuclear weap-ons is more than a moral ideal; it should be a policy goal.’’ This vision continues to shape their public engagement. 
At the time of the drafting of the 1983 pas-
toral, I worked as a religious educator and was active in efforts to engage Catholics in discussions of the various drafts of the peace pastoral. The process of producing this docu-ment was significant. The bishops actively solicited feedback from both experts and people in the pew on each of three drafts. The bishops remained the teachers, but they acknowledged that prudential judgments were also involved and this required dia-logue. 
Consultations were held at the national 
and local levels, and in many settings, at universities, parishes and think tanks. These dialogues helped shape the final pastoral let-ter, but perhaps more importantly they also raised awareness of the fundamental issues related to nuclear weapons among many Americans. Today the Conference of Bishops is working with others to revitalize Catholic thinking and engagement on issues involving nuclear weapons today as decades have passed since they first became involved with this issue in a major way. 
Over the years, in light of Church moral 
teaching, the bishops have also exercised leadership regarding specific elements of U.S. nuclear policy. In the late 80s they raised moral questions regarding missile de-fense initiatives. The bishops supported the Strategic Arms Reduction treaties (Start I and II) in the early 1990s. And in the late 90s they supported the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, lamenting its defeat in the Senate. The bishops welcomed the 2002 Moscow Trea-ty as a positive step, but called on the United States, and by implication other na-tions, to do much more. 
During the past decade, the Conference of 
Bishops has opposed federal funding for re-search on the Robust Nuclear Earth Pene-trator, the Reliable Replacement Warhead and new nuclear weapons. They weighed in on the Nuclear Posture Review, asking President Obama to narrow the purpose of the nuclear arsenal solely to deterring nu-clear attack. They made a major effort to offer vigorous support for Senate ratification of the New START Treaty in 2010, and have supported and welcomed the P5+1 dialogue with Iran over their nuclear program, as has the Holy Father and the Holy See. 
At its Deterrence Symposium in July 2009, 
the U.S. Strategic Command turned to the Conference of Bishops to offer moral reflec-tions. Cardinal Edwin O’Brien, then an Arch-bishop and a member of the bishops’ Inter-national Committee, gave a major address on ‘‘Nuclear Weapons and Moral Questions: The Path to Zero.’’ He urged the nuclear powers to ‘‘move beyond’’ deterrence. Subsequently, he joined Global Zero and addressed their February 2010 summit in Paris. 
In his speech at the 2009 Deterrence Sym-
posium, Cardinal O’Brien reiterated the longstanding position of the U.S. bishops: ‘‘The moral end is clear: a world free of the threat of nuclear weapons. This goal should guide our efforts. Every nuclear weapons sys-tem and every nuclear weapons policy should be judged by the ultimate goal of protecting human life and dignity and the related goal of ridding the world of these weapons in mu-tually verifiable ways.’’ 
U.S. Church leaders are not naive about 
the challenges that lie along the path to a world without nuclear weapons. Cardinal Francis George wrote a letter to President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.017 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E679 May 12, 2015 
Obama in 2010 in which he ‘‘. . . acknowl-
edged that the path to a world free of nu-clear weapons will be long and difficult. It will involve many steps: 
Verifiably reducing nuclear arsenals as the 
new START Treaty continues to do; 
Ratifying and bringing into force the Com-
prehensive Test Ban Treaty; 
Reducing our nation’s reliance on nuclear 
weapons for security as the 2010 Nuclear Pos-ture Review began to do; 
Securing nuclear materials from terror-
ists; 
Adopting a Fissile Material Cut-Off Treaty 
to prohibit production of weapons-grade ma-terial; 
Strengthening the International Atomic 
Energy Agency to monitor nonproliferation efforts and ensure access to peaceful uses of nuclear power; and 
Other actions that take humanity in the 
direction of a nuclear-weapons-free world.’’ 
The Cardinal went on to say, ‘‘We are pas-
tors and teachers, not technical experts. We cannot map out the precise route to the goal of eliminating nuclear weapons, but we can offer moral direction and encouragement. Al-though we cannot anticipate every step on the path humanity must walk, we can point with moral clarity to a destination that moves be-yond deterrence to a world free of the nuclear threat.’’ 
Given these longstanding concerns of the 
U.S. Bishops to reduce nuclear weapons and secure nuclear materials, in April 2015, Bishop Oscar Cantu ´, Chairman of the Committee on 
International Justice and Peace, spoke on a panel on ‘‘Nuclear Weapons and the Moral Compass’’ sponsored by The Permanent Ob-server Mission of the Holy See and The Glob-al Security Institute at the UN Headquarters in New York, and in November 2014, Bishop Richard Pates, a member of the Committee, spoke at a seminar on ‘‘Less Nuclear Stock-piles and More Development’’ sponsored by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences in Rome. 
The bishops of the United States are deeply 
engaged in the moral enterprise of working for a world without nuclear weapons. As Bishop Cantu ´said in his April UN talk: ‘‘To achieve 
this goal, we must, in the words of Pope Francis, acknowledge that ‘now is the time to counter the logic of fear with the ethic of re-sponsibility, and so foster a climate of trust and sincere dialogue.’ ’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VETERANS OF 
VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS POST 5327 FOR THEIR PARTICIPA-TION IN THE 2015 RUN FOR THE WALL 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the veterans of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5327 in Wentzville, Mis-souri for their participation in the 2015 Run for the Wall. 
Since 1989, Run for the Wall has united vet-
erans across the country through a 10-day motorcycle ride spanning from Ontario, Cali-fornia to the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC. Participants of this ride are not limited to just veterans; each year a num-ber of current service members, families and supporters of our nation’s armed services join 
veterans in this nationwide journey to find healing and remember those we have lost in battle. 
As they make their way across the United 
States, Run for the Wall riders visit memorials, veterans’ hospitals, and schools to discuss and pay tribute to the men and women who have served this country with honor and dis-tinction. Additionally, this event serves as a time of reflection for all participants, building awareness for those who are still missing and emphasizing the motto that no soldier should be left behind. 
This year, participants will depart on three 
different routes beginning on May 13, 2015. The central route will arrive in Wentzville, Mis-souri on the evening of May 18, 2015, wherein VFW Post 5327 will provide dinner and lodg-ing for riders. I would like to take this oppor-tunity to thank all participants of the ride and the veterans of VFW Post 5327 for their con-tribution to the cause. 
Throughout my time in Congress, I have 
had the great privilege of meeting many of our nation’s veterans, and I am always humbled by their selflessness. They have made re-markable sacrifices to protect the liberty we enjoy in this great country. Without our na-tion’s veterans, we would not have the rights and privileges that we take for granted as Americans each and every day. 
In closing, I ask all my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the Run for the Wall mission and its participants. 
f 
STOP WARRANTLESS SEARCHES 
ON AMERICANS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, nearly two 
years have passed since a then-unknown 29- year-old nerd-turned-international fugitive aired the NSA’s dirty secrets to the world. Edward Snowden is no patriot. However, the alarming information about the NSA’s abuse of power he revealed cannot be ignored. Until Snowden, most Americans were unaware that their own government was trampling on their Fourth Amendment rights. Most people did not know their every move could be tracked by Big Brother. They trusted that this agency acted purely in the interest of national security to keep us safe. Not only were Americans in the dark on this, but so were many Members of Congress (including myself) who voted for legislation that NSA then used and abused to conduct its rogue activities. 
Post 9/11 and with two ongoing wars, many 
believed that government surveillance—includ-ing warrantless searches and seizures—was limited to foreign nationals, not American citi-zens. 
That would be consistent with federal law 
and the Constitution. But this did not happen. For example, NSA uses Section 215 of the Patriot Act. The Patriot Act permits targeted surveillance when that surveillance is justified by a court. Instead, NSA collects bulk meta data—such as surveillance of phone numbers in whole zip codes or phone carriers. These Soviet Style dragnet tactics went far beyond the scope of what Congress authorized in Section 215 of the Patriot Act. Government 
simply cannot disregard the law just because it is inconvenient. 
We also now realized that the agency has 
misused and expanded the intent of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). NSA uses Section 702 as a means to gather not only data but content and to allow law enforcement to later search this data for information about American citizens without a warrant. Because it gathers and searches content of individual communica-tions, Section 702 is more intrusive than Sec-tion 215. FISA permits the collection of such data of a suspected agent of a foreign power, but the federal government is also storing and later searching the content of emails, text messages and phone calls of American citi-zens—all without a warrant. In the course of this collection, the data of American citizens, many of which have done nothing wrong or il-legal, gets collected. 
That kind of reverse targeting of American 
citizens is not what Congress intended, is in-consistent with the Constitution and must stop. 
The NSA has claimed it has no interest in 
monitoring the activity of ‘‘ordinary’’ Ameri-cans. My response to that is simple: then don’t do it. But, most Americans have a hard time accepting that line. They question that for the simple fact that had Edward Snowden not re-vealed what was really going on within NSA in the first place, this snooping and spying would still be going on in the dark shadows of gov-ernment operations. And, equally important, they know that this snooping and spying is still going on today. 
It’s time for Congress to rein in this blatant 
violation of the Fourth Amendment and stop the warrantless searches of Americans. This issue—protecting the Fourth Amendment—has unified liberals and conservatives. This week, Congresswoman Rep. Z
OELOFGREN (D–CA), 
Congressman Rep. T HOMAS MASSIE (R–KY), 
and I introduced the End Warrantless Surveil-lance of Americans Act. The bill would prohibit warrantless searches of government data-bases for information that pertains to U.S. citi-zens. It would also forbid government agen-cies from mandating or requesting ‘‘back doors’’ into commercial products that can be used for surveillance. 
The legislation mirrors an amendment we 
offered to the USA Freedom Act, which was backed by a broad bipartisan coalition includ-ing Members of Congress and outside groups across the political spectrum. 
The USA Freedom Act that passed out of 
the Judiciary Committee last week is an im-provement over current law and a step in the right direction. But we can do more to protect the Fourth Amendment. In addition to stopping bulk data collection, Congress should also act now to fix the other loophole and stop warrantless searches under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). Failure to address this gaping loophole in FISA leaves the constitutional rights of millions of Americans vulnerable and unprotected. This bill also ensures that the federal government does not force companies to enable its spying activities. The NSA has and will continue to violate the constitutional protections guaran-teed to every American unless Congress inter-venes. Until we fix this and make the law clear, citizens can never be sure that their pri-vate conversations are safe from the eyes of the government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.019 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E680 May 12, 2015 
Last year the House of Representatives 
overwhelmingly passed similar legislation as an amendment to DOD Appropriations. 
Congress should do all that it can to reform 
our national intelligence agencies and to pro-tect the constitutional rights of all Americans, including passing this legislation to close the loophole and ensure that the NSA abides by the letter and spirit of the law. It is our duty to make this right and ensure that the Fourth Amendment rights of the people we represent will no longer be trampled on by the NSA. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NORTHWEST FLORIDA MILITARY OFFICERS ASSOCIATION 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the 50th Anniversary of the Northwest Florida Military Officers Association (NWFMOA). 
Chartered in 1965 in Fort Walton Beach, 
Florida, initially as a social network for retired officers, the Northwest Florida Military Officers Association has transformed into a sizeable advocacy effort on behalf of our Nation’s mili-tary members and dependents and adheres to the selfless values of the Military Officers As-sociation of America founded in 1929. 
Throughout the last five decades, the mem-
bers of NWFMOA have worked hand-in-hand with our forces stationed at Eglin Air Force Base, Hurlburt Field, and Duke Field, and their tireless efforts have helped ensure our brave men and women in uniform receive the train-ing and equipment needed to successfully ac-complish their assigned missions and safely return home. In addition, NWFMOA has been a stalwart presence educating decision mak-ers on how best to make certain our veterans reintegrate into the civilian sector and to safe-guard the benefits they have earned through service. 
With membership open to all commissioned 
and warrant officers of all branches of the U.S. Armed Forces, as well as the United States Public Health Service (USPHS) and the Na-
tional Oceanographic and Atmospheric Admin-istration (NOAA), the work of the NWFMOA cannot be overstated. 
Mr. Speaker, Northwest Florida is proud of 
its rich military heritage and the members of our Armed Forces who call it home. I want to thank the members of the Northwest Florida Military Officers Association for a half century of steadfast dedication to the Gulf Coast mili-tary and veterans’ community and for their life-long example of service for the cause of Free-dom. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ACCOMPLISH-
MENTS OF MR. NGUYEN NGOC HANH 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-
nize the life of Mr. Nguyen Ngoc Hanh for his outstanding achievements as a soldier, pho-
tographer, and teacher. His contributions to documenting the Vietnam War over forty years ago continue to inform us about this conflict. 
Mr. Hanh was recognized among the Top 
Ten Photographers of the Photographic Soci-ety of America in 1968 for his coverage of the Tet Offensive. His stunning portraits of sol-diers and Viet Cong detainees capture the emotion and humanity of the war. He began photographing the conflict in 1956, while serv-ing in a paratrooper battalion. By 1961, at the age of thirty-four, the South Vietnam Armed Forces assigned Mr. Hanh as its official war photographer. Perhaps his most well known photograph is a portrait of a tearful young woman in Hue recently widowed and holding her husband’s tags. 
After the fall of Saigon in 1975, Mr. Hanh 
declined to use his personal pass for a heli-copter transport and instead chose to remain with his fellow soldiers. This led to Mr. Hanh’s imprisonment by the North Vietnam Army. For the first year and four months of his confine-ment, Mr. Hanh’s lived in a metal container too small for him to stand and too narrow for him to lie down. He remained detained until 1983, and on his fourth attempt was able to flee from Vietnam to Thailand in 1985. 
Four years later, at the age of sixty-two, Mr. 
Hanh immigrated to San Jose. He soon estab-lished the Vietnam Photographic Association while also working at a Fremont technology company delivering mail. Since 1989, Mr. Hanh has trained hundreds of photography students in San Jose. He also exhibited his photos at the annual Vietnamese New Year Tet Festival in San Jose, as well as at several nonprofit fund raising events to raise money for the disabled vets of the South Vietnam Armed Forces. His work has contributed im-mensely not only to San Jose, but also to our country. I thank him for his contributions, and I recognize him as an outstanding member of the Vietnamese-American community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 130TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF SECOND BAPTIST CHURCH OF LOS ANGELES 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Second Baptist Church of Los Angeles on the celebration of its 130th anniversary. 
In 1885, Second Baptist Church was orga-
nized as Southern California’s first African- American Baptist church. It quickly developed into one of South Los Angeles’ most es-teemed and effective institutions, offering vital support throughout the community. Over the years, a wide and diverse population of Angelenos have benefited from the church’s child care and educational services, its schol-arship programs, and its involvement in cre-ating housing for families and shelter space for homeless women and children. 
Second Baptist Church has also played an 
active role in our nation’s long and ongoing dialogue about civil rights. In 1954, Second Baptist members raised $1,500 for the NAACP Legal Defense Fund to pay for printing the legal briefs for the Brown vs. Board of Edu-cation case, which desegregated America’s 
schools. The church also hosted the NAACP’s national conventions in 1928, 1942, and 1949. 
Second Baptist Church’s unflagging commit-
ment to social justice and helping the least among us is also reflected in its long and dis-tinguished list of speakers—a list including ministers, advocates, officials, and scholars. The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was a frequent speaker throughout his career. Mal-colm X, W.E.B. Du Bois, Ralph Bunche, and the Rev. Adam Clayton Powell, Sr. are just a few of the other orators to have spoken within the walls of Second Baptist. 
Because of the church’s substantial involve-
ment in some of the most important social fights of our age, it was listed as a Los Ange-les Historic-Cultural Monument in 1978, and was placed on the National Register of His-toric Places in 2009. Both are well-deserved honors for this church and for the beautiful Lombardy Romanesque Revival building in which it is housed. 
It is my great privilege to represent Second 
Baptist Church and its congregation in Con-gress. In times of trial and in times of joy, this 
church has been a source of strength and unity for all who have been touched by its mis-sion. On its 130th anniversary, Second Baptist Church is both a marker of how society has progressed in its lifetime, and a guiding light continuing to point us towards a brighter future of brotherhood, peace, and justice for all. I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating all that Second Baptist Church has done to move the hearts and minds of Angelenos and all Ameri-cans, and to wish the church and its con-gregation a very happy 130th anniversary. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF FORMER U.S. 
SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE JAMES ‘‘JIM’’ WRIGHT, JR. 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pleasure to pay tribute to the life and legacy of Former Speaker of the House James ‘‘Jim’’ Wright, who passed away on Wednesday, May 6th at the age of 92. Speaker Wright served in Con-gress for more than three decades and left an indelible legacy as chairman of the House Public Works Committee. He was elected by his peers as Speaker in 1987. 
Jim Wright was born in Fort Worth, Texas, 
the son of a traveling salesman. He was edu-cated at Weatherford College and the Univer-sity of Texas at Austin. Jim Wright dedicated his life to serving the public. He bravely served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II and was awarded the Dis-tinguished Flying Cross for flying combat mis-sions in the South Pacific. Subsequently, he was elected to the Texas House of Represent-atives in 1946. He served as mayor of Weatherford, Texas from 1950 to 1954. He was elected to the U.S. House of Representa-tives in 1954 and was reelected 16 times. 
Speaker Wright was a visionary who served 
the people of Fort Worth and this nation well. He is deserving of this tribute. Because of his leadership, the House experienced one of its most prolific periods. Speaker Wright dem-onstrated his skill as a political leader and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.020 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E681 May 12, 2015 
master legislator by shepherding extraor-
dinarily complex legislation through the House. He understood that the business of legislating and good politics required great skill in the art of compromise. 
Speaker Wright never backed down from a 
challenge, and even after leaving office, he continued to serve the public diligently. I was always able to consult with Speaker Wright re-garding difficult legislation, and he never failed to provide thoughtful and principled insight. 
Our country has lost one of its finest states-
men, and I have lost a close personal friend whose wisdom, dignity and knowledge of the legislative process was unquestionably envi-able. He is among the most influential Speak-ers in the history of the House of Representa-tives. 
Mr. Speaker, Jim Wright is an unforgettable 
public servant and leader. A man fueled by passion and concern for others, he set the bar high for his successors. He is survived by his wife, Betty and four children. I stand today to honor Former Speaker of the House, Jim Wright, and to thank him for his work in serv-ice to the people of Texas and throughout this great nation. He left a powerful legacy that will live for generations. 
f 
THE ENGAGEMENT OF THE U.S. 
BISHOPS IN MORAL QUESTIONS REGARDING NUCLEAR WEAPONS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
recently hosted a briefing entitled Catholic En-gagement on Nuclear Disarmament: What are the moral questions? and one of the speakers, His Excellency Archbishop Bernardito Auza, Permanent Representative of the Holy See to the United Nations, presented the following statement: 
The Holy See has always been morally 
against nuclear weapons and has always called for their abolition. It has worked and continues to work for a world without nu-clear weapons. 
In February 1943, two years and a half be-
fore the Trinity test, Pope Pius XII had al-ready voiced deep concern regarding the vio-lent use of atomic energy. In an address to a meeting of Western military scientists in 1953, Pope Pius XII said that the possession of ‘‘ABC’’ (Atomic-Biological-Chemical) weapons made legitimate self-defense against an aggressor a less likely prospect, because ‘‘if the damage resulting from war is not comparable with that of the ‘injustice tolerated,’ one may be obliged ‘to submit to the injustice.’’’ Devoting his entire 1954 Easter Message to the question of nuclear weapons, he spoke of the effects of a nuclear war by evoking ‘‘the vision of vast terri-tories rendered uninhabitable and useless to mankind . . . transmissible diseases . . . and monstrous deformities.’’ Given such totally uncontrollable and indiscriminate con-sequences, the Pope demanded ‘‘the effective proscription and banishment of atomic war-fare,’’ calling the arms race a ‘‘costly rela-tionship of mutual terror.’’ This was the first clear papal condemnation of the nuclear arms race, sixteen years before the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). 
Already well within the Cold War era and 
right after the Cuban missile crisis, Pope Saint John XXIII, in his 1963 Encyclical 
Pacem in Terris, called for the abolition of nuclear weapons and for the establishment of an adequate disarmament program to achieve that end. He spoke very clearly about the theory or doctrine of deterrence as the principal cause of the arms race and of arms proliferation and about the tremendous economic burdens the arms race provoked. He argued quite extensively that ‘‘justice, right reason, and the recognition of man’s dignity cry out insistently for a cessation to the arms race. The stockpiles of armaments that have been built up in various countries must be reduced reciprocally and simulta-neously by the parties concerned. Nuclear weapons must be banned. A general agree-ment must be reached on a suitable disar-mament program, with an effective system of mutual control. Unless this process of dis-armament be thoroughgoing and complete, and reaches men’s very souls, it is impossible to stop the arms race, or to reduce arma-ments, or—and this is the main thing—ulti-mately to abolish them entirely. Everyone must sincerely co-operate in the effort to banish fear and the anxious expectation of war from men’s minds. But this requires that the fundamental principles upon which peace is based in today’s world be replaced by an altogether different one, namely, the realiza-tion that true and lasting peace among na-tions cannot consist in the possession of an equal supply of armaments but only in mu-tual trust. And we are confident that this can be achieved, for it is a thing that not only is dictated by common sense, but is in 
itself most desirable and most fruitful of good.’’ 
In his address to the UN General Assembly 
on 4 October 1965, Pope Paul VI character-ized nuclear weapons as ‘‘nightmares’’ and ‘‘dark designs.’’ He also stressed that the weapons themselves ‘‘lead astray the men-tality of peoples.’’ His plea of ‘‘jamais plus la guerre,’’ of ‘‘war never again,’’ reverberated in the General Assembly Hall. But his appeal to let weapons fall from our hands, ‘‘espe-cially the terrible weapons that modern science has given us,’’ in clear reference to nuclear arms, still remains unheeded. Pope Paul’s call to end the nuclear arms race reached its culmination in his 1977 World Day of Peace message, in which he dem-onstrated that nuclear arms offered a false sense of security. He reiterated this in his message to the U.N. General Assembly on Disarmament in 1978, calling the peace of nu-clear deterrence ‘‘a tragic illusion.’’ He also reiterated an assertion made earlier in his papacy, that the nuclear arms race retarded the development of peoples, citing the ‘‘cry-ing disproportion between the resources in money and intelligence devoted to the serv-ice of death and the resources devoted to the service of life.’’ 
In 1982, Pope Saint John Paul II addressed 
a message to the United Nations General As-sembly on its second conference devoted to Disarmament. The Pope said that in the ‘‘current conditions of the Cold War, ‘deter-rence,’ considered not as an end in itself but as a step toward a progressive disarmament, may still be judged morally acceptable. Nonetheless, in order to ensure peace, it is indispensable not to be satisfied with this minimum, which is always susceptible to the real danger of explosion.’’ The Holy Father, therefore, did not countenance deterrence as a permanent measure. 
As time progressed and the central promise 
of the NPT remained unfulfilled, the Holy See stepped up its efforts to argue for the abolition of nuclear weapons. In his 2006 World Day of Peace Message, Pope Benedict XVI criticized the argument of nuclear arms for security as ‘‘completely fallacious’’ and affirmed that ‘‘peace requires that all strive for progressive and concerted nuclear disar-
mament.’’ 
Since the 2010 Review Conference of the 
Parties to the NPT, there has been an in-creased attention to the humanitarian di-mension of and the risks associated with nu-clear weapons. This heightened interest was manifested by cross-regional humanitarian statements in the UN and other regional and international fora and, in particular, by the organization of three Conferences on the Hu-manitarian Impact of Nuclear Weapons in Oslo (March 2013), Nayarit (February 2014), and Vienna (December 2014). These Con-ferences have seen increased participation of States, of non-governmental organizations and of the greater civil society. 
During the Vienna Conference, the Holy 
See presented three documents: first, the of-ficial Statement delivered by the Delegation of the Holy See; second, the message that Pope Francis sent to His Excellency Mr. Se-bastian Kurz, President of the Vienna Con-ference on the Humanitarian Impact of Nu-clear Weapons in December 2014; and, third, a paper entitled ‘‘Nuclear Disarmament: Time for Abolition.’’ 
On April 9, 2015, the Permanent Observer 
Mission of the Holy See to the United Na-tions in New York organized a conference en-titled ‘‘Nuclear Weapons and the Moral Com-pass.’’ The Speakers were neither nuclear scientists nor political authorities, but rath-er religious leaders: an Anglican Bishop, a Rabbi, an Evangelical Minister, an Imam, and a Catholic Bishop in the person of Bishop Oscar Cantu ´, Bishop of Las Cruces 
and Chairman of the USCCB Committee on International Justice and Peace. 
The objective of the Conference was to in-
sist on and strengthen the moral argument against not only the use but also the posses-sion of nuclear weapons. Arguing against the policy of deterrence, the Conference served to echo and further disseminate the Paper that the Holy See presented in Vienna and Pope Francis’s strong stand for the abolition of nuclear weapons The timing of the Con-ference was in anticipation of the then im-minent Ninth Review Conference on the Treaty on the Non Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which opened yesterday at the UN in New York and will continue until May 22. 
The NPT is one of the best known and 
most adhered to Treaties, with Palestine being the 191st Party to it. The Holy See has been a Party to the NPT since the very be-ginning, not because it has nuclear weapons or has to be constrained from developing nu-clear weapons capabilities, but to encourage nuclear possessing States to abolish their nuclear weapons, to dissuade non-nuclear possessing States from acquiring or devel-oping nuclear capabilities, and to encourage international cooperation on the peaceful uses of nuclear energy. 
The documents that the Holy See pre-
sented in Vienna advanced anew the moral argument against both the possession and the use of nuclear weapons, and aimed to sustain and advance the discussion along this line. 
The Holy See considers it a moral and hu-
manitarian imperative to advance the efforts towards the final objective of the total elimination of nuclear weapons. It argues that disarmament treaties are not just legal obligations; they are also moral commit-ments based on trust between States, rooted in the trust that citizens place in their gov-ernments. If commitments to nuclear disar-mament are not made in good faith and con-sequently result in breaches of trust, the proliferation of such weapons would be the logical corollary. 
Despite some progress and much effort on 
the part of many, nuclear disarmament is currently in crisis. The institutions that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.024 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E682 May 12, 2015 
supposed to move this process forward have 
been blocked for years. The central promise of the NPT has remained a dream. In fact, while the pre-NPT nuclear power countries not only have not disarmed but are also modernizing their nuclear arsenals, some pre-NPT non-nuclear countries have ac-quired or are in the process of acquiring nu-clear arms capabilities. What is even more terrifying is the possibility that non-state actors, like terrorist and extremist organiza-tions, could acquire nuclear weapons. 
The possession of nuclear weapons and the 
reliance on nuclear deterrence have had a very negative impact on relations between and among States. National security often comes up in discussions on nuclear weapons. All States have the right to national secu-rity, but this principle must not be applied in a partial and discriminatory manner, for example, when one State affirms that it needs nuclear weapons for its national secu-rity, while at the same time affirming that another State cannot have them. It is urgent to revisit in a transparent and honest man-ner the definition made by States, especially the nuclear weapons states, of their national security. 
Nuclear weapons cannot create for us a 
stable and secure world. Peace and inter-national stability cannot be founded on mu-tually-assured destruction or on the threat of total destruction. The Holy See believes that peace cannot be reduced solely to main-taining a balance of power between enemies. On the contrary, as Pope Francis affirms in his letter to the President of the Vienna Conference, ‘‘Peace must be built on justice, socio-economic development, freedom, re-
spect for human rights, the participation of all in public affairs and the building of trust between peoples.’’ 
In its argument against the possession and 
use of nuclear weapons, the Holy See also fo-cuses attention on (1) the costs of the nu-clear stalemate to the global common good; (2) the ‘‘illusions of security’’ inherent in the possession of nuclear arms; (3) the inequality at the root of the non-proliferation regime according to the NPT; and (4) the enormous toll that current nuclear policies take on the poor and on the world’s priorities. 
The United Nations will soon adopt the 
Post-2015 Sustainable Development Agenda. The Sustainable Development Goals con-tained therein are daunting and require enormous means to implement. It would be naı¨ve and myopic if we seek to assure world 
peace and security through nuclear weapons rather than through the eradication of ex-treme poverty, making healthcare and edu-cation accessible to all, and promoting peaceful institutions and societies through dialogue and solidarity. 
For our own good and that of future gen-
erations, we have no reasonable and moral option other than the abolition of nuclear weapons. Nuclear weapons are a global prob-lem and they impact all countries and all peoples, including future generations. More-over, ever-growing interdependence and globalization demand that whatever response 
we may have against the threat of nuclear weapons must be collective and concerted, based on reciprocal trust. 
Arguing for nuclear abolition from the 
moral perspective, the Holy See appeals to human consciences. As Paul VI affirmed in his 1965 Address to the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly, ‘‘Today, as never before, in an era marked by such human progress, there is need for an appeal to the moral con-science of man. For the danger comes, not from progress, nor from science. The real danger comes from man himself, who has at his disposal ever more powerful instruments, which can be used for destruction as for the loftiest conquests.’’ 
No one could ever say that a world without 
nuclear weapons is easily achievable. It is not; it is extremely arduous; it is even a uto-pia for some. But there is no alternative than to work unceasingly towards its achievement. As President John F. Kennedy said in his Commencement Address at the American University on 10 June 1963, ‘‘The pursuit of peace is not as dramatic as the pursuit of war—and frequently the words of the pursuers fall on deaf ears. But we have no more urgent task.’’ 
Let me conclude by reaffirming the convic-
tion that Pope Francis expressed in his De-cember 2014 message to the President of the Vienna Conference on the Humanitarian Im-pact of Nuclear Weapons: ‘‘I am convinced that the desire for peace and fraternity planted deep in the human heart will bear fruit in concrete ways to ensure that nuclear weapons are banned once and for all, to the benefit of our common home.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
honored to rise and recognize the Centennial Anniversary of the United States Navy Re-serve. 
Following the outbreak of World War I in 
1914, Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels and Assistant Secretary and future President Franklin D. Roosevelt initiated plans to for-mally launch a world-class naval reserve force necessary to protect the United States. On March 3, 1915, Congress passed legislation establishing the United States Naval Reserve, which is known today as the United States Navy Reserve. 
The creation of the Navy Reserve harkens 
back to our Nation’s tradition of Citizen Sailors protecting and defending the shores of the United States, when residents of seaside 
towns along the New England coast engaged British warships in the Atlantic before the Con-tinental Congress officially established the Continental Navy. The Navy Reserve has built on this proud tradition, and during the years following its original inception, the Navy Re-serve grew tremendously. 
The successful growth of the Navy Reserve 
proved to be crucial during World War II. Ten out of eleven sailors in the Navy during World War II were reservists, and, according to former Secretary of the Navy John L. Sullivan, who served as the first Secretary of the Navy following the creation of the Department of Defense, the three and a half million Naval Reservists that served during World War II made possible the rapid expansion of our naval service into the largest the world has ever known. Navy Reservists were there from 
the very beginning of the war. In fact, Navy Reserve Sailors from Minnesota aboard the USS Ward fired the first shots by the United States against Japanese forces on the day of Pearl Harbor, destroying a Japanese mini-sub-marine. With the outbreak of the war, the re-serves grew further, and in 1942, the Naval Aviation Cadet Program was created, African- American males were accepted for enlistment, and the Women Accepted for Voluntary Emer-gency Service (WAVES) program was cre-ated, which allowed women to volunteer for service within the Navy Reserves. By the end of World War II, 91,000 women were actively serving, and over its century of service, five Presidents—John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and George H. W. Bush—have served in the Navy Reserves. 
The Navy Reserves continued to support 
the United States Navy through the Korean War, Cold War, the Berlin Crisis, Vietnam, Op-erations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, and our continued fight against terrorism. Since September 11, 2001, the Navy Reserve has completed more than 70,000 mobilizations in support of contingency operations around the world and continues to be a vital component of the United States Navy. 
Mr. Speaker, throughout our Nation’s his-
tory, Citizen Sailors and then Navy Reservists have protected the United States with honor, courage, and commitment. The millions of Americans who have served and the thou-sands who serve today are testaments to the patriotism and professionalism of the best Navy Reserve force the world has ever seen, and I am honored to recognize its Centennial Anniversary and thank the men and women of the Navy Reserve for their steadfast service and dedication to the cause of Freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12MY8.025 E12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D521 Tuesday, May 12, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2767–S2814 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and one res-
olution were introduced, as follows: S. 1287–1312, and S. Res. 178.
                                                 Pages S2793–94 
Measures Reported: 
Report to accompany S. 995, to establish congres-
sional trade negotiating objectives and enhanced con-sultation requirements for trade negotiations, to pro-vide for consideration of trade agreements. (S. Rept. No. 114–42) 
Report to accompany S. 1267, to extend the Afri-
can Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treat-ment program for Haiti. (S. Rept. No. 114–43) 
Report to accompany S. 1268, to extend the trade 
adjustment assistance program. (S. Rept. No. 114–44)
                                                                          Page S2793 
Measures Passed: 
Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry: Committee on 
Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1075, to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Ave-nue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S2814 
Measures Considered: 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to 
Appeal Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consider-
ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative ap-peal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations.
                    Pages S2785–92 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 52 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 176), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                Pages S2785–87 Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S2787 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, May 13, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S2814 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2794–96 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2796–99 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S2793 
Amendments Submitted:                       Pages S2799–2813 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2813–14 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—176)                                                         Pages S2786–87 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:44 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, May 13, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2814.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: FEDERAL 
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Federal Communications Commission, after receiving testi-mony from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, and Ajit Pai, 
Commissioner, both of the Federal Communications Commission. 
AUTHORIZATION—DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
SeaPower met in closed session and approved for full committee consideration, those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee, of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY5.REC D12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D522 May 12, 2015 
proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-
cal year 2016. 
AUTHORIZATION—DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces met in closed session and approved for full committee consideration, those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee, of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
AUTHORIZATION—DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness and Management Support met in open session and approved for full committee consideration, those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee, of the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
AUTHORIZATION—DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities met in open session and approved for full committee consideration, those pro-visions which fall within the jurisdiction of the sub-committee, of the proposed National Defense Au-thorization Act for fiscal year 2016. 
AUTHORIZATION—DEFENSE 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-
sonnel met in open session and approved for full committee consideration, those provisions which fall within the jurisdiction of the subcommittee, of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fis-cal year 2016. 
AMERICAN MINERAL SECURITY ACT OF 
2015 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 883, to facilitate the reestablishment of domestic, critical mineral des-ignation, assessment, production, manufacturing, re-cycling, analysis, forecasting, workforce, education, and research capabilities in the United States, after receiving testimony from Suzette Kimball, Acting 
Director, Geological Survey, Department of the Inte-rior; Ed Fogels, Alaska Department of Natural Re-sources Deputy Commissioner, Anchorage, on behalf of The Interstate Mining Compact Commission; Red Conger, Freeport-McMoRan Americas, Washington, D.C., on behalf of National Mining Association; and Kevin J. Cosgriff, National Electrical Manufacturers Association, and Richard Silberglitt, The RAND Corporation, both of Arlington, Virginia. 
CIVIL NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH CHINA 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the civil nuclear agreement with China, focusing on balancing potential risks and rewards, after receiving testimony from Thomas M. Countryman, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of International Security and Nonproliferation; and Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz, USAF (Ret.), Under Secretary of Energy for Nuclear Security and Administrator, National Nuclear Safety Administra-tion. 
VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the implementation and future of the Veterans Choice Program, after receiving testi-mony from Sloan Gibson, Deputy Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs; and David J. McIntyre, Jr., TriWest Healthcare Alliance, Donna Hoffmeier, Health Net Federal Services, Roscoe G. Butler, The American Legion, Darin Selnick, Concerned Veterans for America, Joseph A. Violante, Disabled American Veterans, Bill Rausch, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, and Carlos Fuentes, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, all of Washington, D.C. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 38 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2247–2284; and 6 resolutions, H.J. Res. 50; and H. Res. 254, 256–259, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H2876–77 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2879–80 Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2250, making appropriations for the Legisla-
tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–110); Supplemental report on H.R. 1735, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY5.REC D12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D523 May 12, 2015 
construction, to prescribe military personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–102, Part 2); and 
H. Res. 255, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fis-cal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2048) to reform the authorities of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveil-lance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 114–111).
                                                 Pages H2875–76 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Womack to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2823 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:16 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H2825 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Andrew Walton, Capitol Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H2825 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:13 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:01 p.m.                                                    Page H2826 
Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015: The 
House passed H.R. 1732, to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, by a recorded vote of 261 ayes to 155 noes, Roll No. 219.
                      Pages H2827–40, H2851–54 
Rejected the Aguilar motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 175 yeas to 241 nays, Roll No. 218. 
                                                                                    Pages H2852–53 
Pursuant to the Rule, in lieu of the amendment 
in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure now printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–13, modified by the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–98, shall be con-sidered as read.
                                                   Pages H2836–37 
Agreed to: 
Kildee amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–98) that gives a state two years to be-come compliant with the new ‘waters of the U.S.’ 
rule in order to protect a state from automatically losing their state permitting programs through the Clean Water Act because of the new rule. 
                                                                                    Pages H2839–40 
Rejected: 
Edwards amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–98) that sought to provide policy pro-visions that the Secretary and Administrator are pro-hibited from including in a final rule (by a recorded vote of 167 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 217). 
                                                                                    Pages H2837–39 
H. Res. 231, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 1732), the conference report to ac-company the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11), and the joint resolution (H. J. Res. 43) was agreed to on April 30th. 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:21 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:31 p.m.
                                                   Page H2850 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue 
Alert Act of 2015: S. 665, to encourage, enhance, 
and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connec-tion with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received;
                                 Pages H2840–46 
Don’t Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act: 
H.R. 606, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 413 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 216;
            Pages H2846–48 
Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement 
Act: H.R. 2146, amended, to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforce-ment officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 407 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 220; and 
                                                                Pages H2848–50, H2854–55 
Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2015: H.R. 723, to 
provide Capitol-flown flags to the immediate family of fire fighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty. 
                                                                                    Pages H2856–57 
Oath of Office—Eleventh Congressional District of New York: Representative-elect Daniel M. 
Donovan, Jr. presented himself in the well of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY5.REC D12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D524 May 12, 2015 
House and was administered the Oath of Office by 
the Speaker. Earlier, the Clerk of the House trans-mitted a scanned copy of a letter received from Mr. Robert A. Brehm and Mr. Todd D. Valentine, Co- Executive Directors of the New York State Board of Elections, indicating that, according to the prelimi-nary results of the Special Election held May 5, 2015, the Honorable Daniel M. Donovan, Jr. was elected Representative to Congress for the Eleventh Congressional District, State of New York. 
                                                                                    Pages H2850–51 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-
nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentleman from New York, the whole number of the House is 433. 
                                                                                            Page H2851 
Supplemental Report: Agreed that the Committee 
on Armed Services be authorized to file a supple-mental report on H.R. 1735, National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.
             Page H2855 
WIOA Technical Amendments Act: The House 
agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 1124, to amend the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act to improve the Act.
                   Page H2855 
Expressing the condolences of the House of Rep-resentatives on the death of the Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr.: The House agreed to H. 
Res. 254, expressing the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr., a Representative from the State of Texas.
                                                             Page H2855 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:11 p.m. and recon-
vened at 10:15 p.m.                                                  Page H2865 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H2826, H2850–51. 
Senate Referrals: S. 179, S. 136, and S. 994 were 
referred to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. S. Con. Res. 16 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
                           Page H2866 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and two recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H2850, H2851–52, H2853, H2853–54, and H2854–55. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and at 
10:16 p.m., pursuant to H. Res. 254, the House stands adjourned until 10 a.m. on May 13, 2015 out of respect for the late Honorable James Claude Wright, Jr. Committee Meetings 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT; NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016; USA FREEDOM ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 36, the ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act’’; H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (General De-bate); and H.R. 2048, the ‘‘USA FREEDOM Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a general debate rule for H.R. 1735. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that no further consid-eration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 36. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in part A of the Rules Committee report shall be con-sidered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. The rule also grants a closed rule for H.R. 2048. The rule provides one hour of debate 
equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Lastly, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of May 14, 2015, or May 15, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules, as though under clause 1 of rule XV and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pur-suant to this section. Testimony was heard from Chairman Thornberry, Chairman Goodlatte, and Representatives Smith of Washington, Courtney, Nadler, Issa, Polis, Yoder, Amash, Massie, Franks of Arizona, and Cohen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY5.REC D12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D525 May 12, 2015 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
MAY 13, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the Bureau of Land Management, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: closed business meeting to 
markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2016, 9:30 a.m., SR–222. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine safeguarding American interests in the East and South China Seas, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine securing the border, focusing on fencing, infrastructure, and technology force multi-pliers, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 986, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to ex-amine the Bureau of Indian Education, focusing on orga-nizational challenges in transforming educational oppor-tunities for Indian children, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
protecting the constitutional right to counsel for indigents charged with misdemeanors, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine pending benefits legislation, 3 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture , Subcommittee on Bio-
technology, Horticulture, and Research, hearing to review the federal coordination and response regarding pollinator health, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , Full Committee, markup on 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Discussion Drafts Ad-dressing Hydropower Regulatory Modernization and FERC Process Coordination under the Natural Gas Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder Perspectives on the IANA Transition’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Dodd- Frank Act and Regulatory Overreach’’, 9:30 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government 
Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Pro-posals to Enhance Capital Formation and Reduce Regu-latory Burdens, Part II’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Ancient Communities Under Attack: ISIS’s War on Religious Minorities’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Management Efficiency, markup on H.R. 1615, the ‘‘DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1626, the ‘‘DHS IT Duplication Reduction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 
1633, the ‘‘DHS Paid Administrative Leave Account-ability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Account-ability Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Homeland Se-curity Drone Assessment and Analysis Act’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Subcommittee on Courts, In-
tellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder Perspectives on ICANN: The .Sucks Do-main and Essential Steps to Guarantee Trust and Ac-countability in the Internet’s Operation’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Obama Administration’s CEQ Recently Re-vised Draft Guidance for GHG Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, markup on a bill to clarify the effective date of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014; and hearing entitled ‘‘Transportation Security: Are Our Air-ports Safe?’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on National Security; and Subcommittee 
on the Interior, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The EMP Threat: The State of Preparedness Against the Threat of an Elec-tromagnetic Pulse (EMP) Event’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ (Amendment Consideration); and H.R. 1806, the ‘‘America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation and the National Labs’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Spurring Private 
Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1508, the ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Commercial Remote Sens-ing Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Office of Space Commerce Act’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Bridging the Small Business Capital Gap: Peer- to-Peer Lending’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Sub-
committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘The 35th Anniversary of the Stag-gers Rail Act: Railroad Deregulation Past, Present, and Future’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Assessing the Promise and Progress of the Choice Program’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12MY5.REC D12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD526 May 12, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Orga-nizations the Right to Appeal Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, May 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 36— 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (Subject to a Rule), H.R. 2048—USA Freedom Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule), and H.R. 1735—National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E672 
Capps, Lois, Calif., E671 Carter, John R., Tex., E674 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E673 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E671 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E675 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E675 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E676 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E673 Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E672 
Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E673 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E673, E675 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E672, E678 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E675 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E680 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E671 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E680 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E679 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E674 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E676 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E674 
Miller, Jeff, Fla., E678, E680, E682 Poe, Ted, Tex., E679 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E671 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E680 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E678, E681 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E676 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E676 
Williams, Roger, Tex., E673 Young, David, Iowa, E674 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 May 13, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12MY5.REC D12MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST